At 4.6%  MFs post highest rise in retail folio since 2009E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Auto firms park over Rs 10 000 cr in MFsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

P-Note Investments Climb to 3-Month High at $36 Billion in SeptemberSpiceJet Shares Hit Air Pocket, Sink 14%
New Delhi: Investments into domestic shares through participatory notes (P-Notes) hit a three-month high of Rs 2.22 lakh crore (about $36 billion) in September.
P-Notes are mostly used by overseas HNIs (High Networth Individuals), hedge funds and other foreign institutions, to invest in Indian markets through registered Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), while saving on time and costs associated with direct registration.
According to the data released by Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the total value of P-Note investments in Indian markets (equity, debt and derivatives) increased from Rs 2,11,499 crore in August to Rs 2,22,394 crore at the end of September.
This has reached highest level since June, when the cumulative value of such investments stood at Rs 2,24,248 crore.
Investment through P-Notes grew in September after declining for two successive months.
Besides, the value of P-Notes issued with derivatives as underlying, stood at Rs 1,02,224 crore at the end of last month.
The quantum of FII investments through P-Notes climbed to 10.7 per cent last month from 10.3 per cent in August.
Till a few years ago, P-Notes used to account for more than 50 per cent of the total FII investments, but their share has fallen after Sebi tightened the disclosure norms and other regulations for such investments.
P-Notes have been accounting for mostly 15-20 per cent of total FII holdings in India since 2009, while it used to be much higher -- in the range of 25-40 per cent -- in 2008. It was as high as over 50 per cent at the peak of Indian stock market bull-run during a few months in 2007.
FIIs, the key drivers of Indian markets, pumped in a net amount of more than Rs 5,100 crore ($845 million) in the domestic equity market last month, while they poured in nearly Rs 16,000 crore ($2.6 billion) in the debt market in September.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 16:48 (IST)

Arun Jaitley Sees Better Growth in Second Half of FY15You are here: Home Economy
Arun Jaitley Sees Better Growth in Second Half of FY15
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 18:27 (IST)
New Delhi: India's economy is expected to do better in the second half of the fiscal year to March 2015, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Thursday, adding that he expected to hit his revenue target.
Asia's third-largest economy is battling the longest spell of sub-par growth since 1980s.
However, the after-glow of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory nearly six months ago helped the economy grow 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of the current fiscal year, its fastest pace in two-and-a-half year.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

McDonald s to remake U.S. operationsA franchise association is again speaking out against an opinion issued by the National Labor Relations Board's general counsel in July, asking that he disclose how he concluded that franchisers should be considered joint employers in labor disputes at franchised outlets. ( Jessica Wohl )
"In some of our markets, the reality is that we haven't been changing at the same rate as our customers' eating-out expectations or, more specifically, their expectations of us at McDonald's. So we're changing," CEO Don Thompson said during a conference call Oct. 21.
Andres oversees operations of more than 15,500 McDonald's locations in the United States and Canada. He returned to McDonald's after a two-year absence to take over the McDonald's USA president role from Jeff Stratton.
McDonald's said it would create four U.S. zones: Northeast, South, Central and West, allowing it to become "more nimble.''

The Uber For Gentleman Companionsreddit
"ManServants" are not hookers. They are not escorts. They are not gigolos.
Dalal Khajah and Josephine Wai Lin -- the two women behind the freshly launched, completely real San Francisco business that sends attractive men to do the bidding of (mostly) female clients for an hourly rate -- would emphatically like you to know this.
"The Ladies" of ManServants (not my embroidery --"The ladies" is their shared email address) emphatically wanted me to know this when they made nervy, cautious arrangements for me to experience their "signature service" in the American citadel of sex work and absurd technological enterprise.
Follow posts like this from Matter on Twitter and Facebook .
Photo by Peter Bohler.
Follow Julieanne Smolinski  on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BoobsRadley
More:

Enter the PlayMatrixreddit
Long ago, in the dark times of broadcast-only TV, there was limited children's programming: a few shows sufficed for all kids. With the arrival of multi-channel cable, kids channels brought the opportunity for age-targeted program blocks, fostering two dimensions of consideration: content and age.
The Internet added interactivity to the equation, and now the pace of change is accelerating -- mobile, tablets, wearable technology, increasing interaction between digital and physical play. With each new dimension, the considerations multiply for anyone creating content, products or experiences for kids, and they recombine in new and unique combinations.
That's how PlayCollective came to develop the "PlayMatrix" -- six primary factors that combine in different ways to define and distinguish kid-centric development. Think of it as a Rubik's Cube or, as I called a similar concept when writing for the Fred Rogers Center, a "Rubric's Cube."
The PlayMatrix can be formative or diagnostic. It's an essential development tool, but can also be used to reverse engineer a struggling concept to find misalignments.
The PlayMatrix also applies to essential research. In fact, it's perfectly designed to frame many questions we need to answer right now, as we transition from research models developed for understanding TV to gain insight into kids' digital, interactive, mobile immersive world.
The six elements are :
Audience -- for what age and stage are you developing your concept? In the monolithic era, too often something was aimed at "2 - 99."
Pedagogy is the philosophy or method that guides your storytelling or instructive approach. Telling parents what you believe about how your target audience grows and learns, and how you've incorporated that into your work, is far safer and more honest than predicting or promising learning outcomes.
Platform goes beyond technology. Books, art supplies, toys and play in the "real world" are platforms, too!
Form factor is distinct from platform, though in some ways a subset. Developing for a smartphone is different from a tablet is different from an eReader is different from a laptop. Console controller games are different from motion-based games are different from portable games are different from game apps. Similar distinctions occur in physical toys and game, too.
Content is perhaps the most obvious -- the stories you're telling, the curriculum you're teaching, the themes woven into play.
Context is the who, when, where, why and how of play: indoor or outdoor, site specific
Since Rubik's Cubes are all about aligning the correct sides and edges, it's no surprise that the most interesting research questions occur at the intersection of two or more PlayMatrix elements. For example, at the intersection of context, content and pedagogy and with growing interconnection between home and school, how do kids play differently with the same content in a classroom versus free play? What design elements facilitate both or to make each unique but equally beneficial?
The PlayMatrix is just a framework -- a set of foundational elements and questions. It transcends the moment, so as new technologies emerge, or as we learn more about child development, or as we discover new ways of playful teaching and learning, they can be "hung" on the framework. Content and product creators can keep twisting the cube to find new combinations and concepts to engage, educate and entertain.
We use the PlayMatrix with creators of cross- and trans-media, products and even curriculum. It helps to connect industry and academia, and can be an evaluation tool for educators choosing platforms and content for their classrooms.
All this is prologue to the big news: a brand new approach from PlayCollective for research surrounding the PlayMatrix.
Most of today's research happens in one of two contexts: academia or industry. Each has unique methods and culture, benefits and drawbacks. But, for the purposes of foundational research, neither one is especially satisfying.
Academic research tends to take a long time. Results are usually reported in writing that is obfuscating to lay readers, in expensive or restricted academic journals. Frequently, the goal is to illuminate theory more than real-world practice.
Industry research is usually done on a fast track, but typically addresses very specific questions unlikely to have broader resonance. But since it was probably paid for on a proprietary basis, no one else can see it, anyways. Even if something interesting does emerge, the industry funding is likely to taint perceptions about the study's objectivity.
Soon, PlayCollective will launch what we believe to be the first Kickstarter for basic research. Our first proposed study is at the intersection of platform, form factor and content -- how children's play changes when using a physical toy -- Lego bricks, for example -- versus the digital (software or app) manifestation of the same toy. Do they approach a task differently or design in unique ways?
The research design will be transparent. As a reward for giving, we can offer access to the study in process -- either live in our PlayLab or streamed worldwide. For both, we'll have experts providing "play by play."
Supporters will get access to the results -- at various levels, the topline or full results, via webinar in writing, or a personalized briefing.
Our "stretch goals" are more studies, to which givers will also have access. And top-level givers can even work with us to structure questions -- as long as they don't disrupt the focus, clarity and independence.
We'll have levels affordable to everyone from student to corporation; companies that can't afford bespoke research can get insight from our studies.
Watch this space (or, more specifically www.playcollective.com). We are, needless to say, very excited about this, and look forward to your participation and ideas, about the PlayMatrix or the crowdfunded studies.
This article appeared originally in Kidscreen.
Follow David Kleeman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@davidkleeman
More:

Bank ethics issues more than bad applesOctober 30, 2014 4:59 pm
The blight at the core of banking goes beyond a few bad apples
Richard Lambert
Regulation can only do so much to encourage integrity, writes Richard Lambert
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/243f0c6c-5f7f-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Four rescue measures for stagnant eurozoneOctober 30, 2014 6:01 am
Four rescue measures for stagnant eurozone
Willem Buiter
Bank stress tests an unconvincing fudge and big problems remain
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/987e237c-5f81-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We must understand them to winOctober 30, 2014 6:17 pm
Until we understand Isis, we cannot hope to defeat it
Ed Husain
The jihadis offer a caliphate and death. Our message must be one of life, writes Ed Husain
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/624d8d48-603e-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar stays in sight of four-year peak© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fb18e8a8-5fe2-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mislabeled Shrimp Rampant at Restaurants and Grocers: Studymislabeled shrimp rampant at restaurants and grocers: study
Warren Anderson  wanted in Bhopal gas tragedy  diesNew Delhi/BHOPAL, October 31, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 01:39 IST
Anderson dead, no tears in Bhopal
Mahim Pratap Singh
USA
There was no redemption for Warren M. Anderson — accused no. 1 in the criminal case pertaining to the Bhopal gas tragedy — in life. On Thursday, it seemed there was none in death. Hearing of his death, a full one month after he passed away at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida, on September 29, survivors of the Bhopal gas tragedy assembled outside the now-defunct Union Carbide factory and placed a large portrait of him. Then, one by one, they spat at the photograph. With his death, the struggle to get the former CEO of Union Carbide extradited has hit a dead end.
The tragedy was one of the worst industrial disasters in the world, leaving thousands of people dead and over half a million injured on the intervening night of December 2 and 3, 1984. Anderson was the chief executive officer of the UCC, owner of Union Carbide India Ltd., which ran the plant from where the deadly methyl isocyanate leaked into the densely populated bastis of Old Bhopal.

QEs break-up with markets: no regrets© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48d82c86-60a9-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IDFC gains 5%; demerges financial unit into bankYou are here: Home > Collections > Demerger
IDFC demerges financial unit into bank; stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 04.18PM IST
Tags:
Bank
(IDFC Bank will issue one…)
MUMBAI: IDFC was up on buying action after getting approval from board members to demerge its financial undertaking into a wholly owned step down subsidiary IDFC Bank, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
IDFC Bank will issue one equity share of Rs 10 each for every one share of Rs 10 each held in IDFC as a consideration for the demerger of financial undertaking.
On the completion of the demerger, equity share capital of IDFC Bank will be held approximately 53 per cent by IDFC Financial Holding, a 100 per cent subsidiary of IDFC and approximately 47 per cent by the shareholders of IDFC.
The stock ended day at Rs 156.30, up 5.11 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 157.50 and a low of Rs 149.25 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Devendra s first team: Four CM aspirants  one Amit Shah confidante  one Modi manDevendra Fadnavis, the Maharashtra BJP chief, who led his party to its largest tally ever in the Maharashtra has sworn in as the Chief Minister of the state at a grand ceremony in Mumbai. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 6:02 pm
With eight ministers and two ministers of state, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis  cabinet is a nifty combination of regions and castes. Often attacked as being a Bharmin party, this cabinet has only one Brahmin apart from the CM himself. It has two Marathas, two OBCs, one SC, one ST, one north Indian, one Vaishya and one Gujarati Brahmin. Four of these have been CM aspirants – Khadse, Tawde, Mungantiwar and Pankaja. At least two are close to PM Narendra Modi and Amit Shah – Chandrakant Patil and Prakash Mehta.
Sudhir Mungantiwar, Vaishya community (trader), Vidarbha
Sudhir Mungantiwar (52) is known in the party for his outspokenness often that can land him in controversy. A fortnight ago has had raked the debate by suggesting that Union Minister Nitin Gadkari should become the chief minister of Maharashtra. The fifth term MLA, representing Ballarpur constituency in districts Chandrapur in Vidarbha, is a happy go lucky individual often seen in state legislative assembly raising the issues of backward region of Vidarbha. Mungantiwar had served as the minister of state for tourism and consumer grievances in the Shiv Sena-BJP government in 1995-99.
Mungantiwar who began his political career from Chandrapur district as BJP’s youth wing leader graduated to contest the assembly elections for the first time in 1995 from Chandrapur assembly constituency. In 2010, he became the state BJP president replacing Nitin Gadkari who was elevated as all India BJP president in Delhi. Mungantiwar has a passion for singing and reciting “shayaris”.
Vinod Tawde, Maratha, Mumbai
The leader of the opposition in state legislative council, Vinod Tawde has always made his mark in the organisation for his strategies and planning. Tawde (51), made his debut in assembly elections by contesting from Borivali assembly seat in October 25, 2014 election. He won the Borivali assembly seat with a record of 79,000 votes. Tawde who has served three terms as MLC has often been in the forefront raising critical issues related to urban and rural Maharashtra.
An engineer (BE in Electronics), he joined the Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad when he was in college. Whether it was general secretary of the party or leading the state council, he has always played a key role in the organisation. Tawde whose home is Mumbai and roots in Konkan has often tried to play the “Maratha” card to establish his leadership in state and party. During the election campaign,
Tawde announced that he would become home minister and would “send Ajit Pawar to jail”.
Eknath Khadse, Leva-Patil, North Maharashtra
As leader of the Opposition, the 62-year-old Khadse’s fiery speeches on the floor of the Vidhan Bhavan were always fodder for headlines. More recently, Khadse was in the news for having kept himself in the race for Maharashtra chief ministership until the very continued…

Im writing as my therapist says I need closure© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48d82c86-60a9-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Special report: Business of F1©AP
In this report
The sport is suffering a crisis. Funds are lacking for some - two of the smaller teams have gone into administration in the past month - and crowds, whether at the Grands Prix or in front of their televisions, have been turning off. FT writers assess the health of a sport dominated by one man, the apparently ever resilient Bernie Ecclestone

Black money: Govt appoints senior IRS officer as SIT AdvisorGovt appoints senior IRS officer K V Chowdary as SIT Advisor in black money case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 23:22 IST
Photo: Reuters
Senior IRS officer and outgoing CBDT Chairman K V Chowdary was on Friday appointed by the Government as an Advisor to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) that is probing black money cases.
An expert on tax issues and financial investigations, Chowdary will take charge of the new post from tomorrow on his retirement after serving over three decades in the Income Tax cadre of the Indian Revenue Service (IRS).
The 1978-batch officer retired on Friday as the Chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT).
"Both the SIT and government wanted the officer to continue as he has been dealing with blackmoney cases for a long time and has been a part of all the deliberations that have taken place on this subject in the last three years," a senior Finance Ministry official said.
The SIT is headed by retired Supreme Court Judge M B Shah with Vice-Chairman Justice (retd) Arijit Pasayat and heads of 11 different organisations or departments as members on the high-powered panel.
SIT sources said Chowdary would be carrying out all important works of coordination between the agencies on this apex panel and he would also be meeting various national and international stakeholders in furtherance of the government's aim to curb the menace of black money.
"However, the terms of his mandate will be announced later by the Finance Ministry ," they said.
An official order issued on Friday evening by the Finance Ministry said Chowdary will keep drawing the same salary, allowances and facilities, except pension benefits during this new tenure, as allowed to him as the CBDT chief.
His tenure, according to the order, will be for a period of six months and it could be extended further if need arises.

How will he invest Googles $62bnFacebook country
Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘nation state’ plans
Looking forward 100 years from now at the possibilities that are opening up, he says: “We could probably solve a lot of the issues we have as humans.”
It is a decade on from the first flush of idealism that accompanied its stock market listing, and all Google ’s talk of “don’t be evil” and “making the world a better place” has come to sound somewhat quaint. Its power and wealth have stirred resentment and brought a backlash , in Europe in particular, where it is under investigation for how it wields its monopoly power in internet search.
Page, however, is not shrinking an inch from the altruistic principles or the outsized ambitions that he and co-founder Sergey Brin laid down in seemingly more innocent times. “The societal goal is our primary goal,” he says. “We’ve always tried to say that with Google. I think we’ve not succeeded as much as we’d like.”
Even Google’s famously far-reaching mission statement, to “organise the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful”, is not big enough for what he now has in mind. The aim: to use the money that is spouting from its search advertising business to stake out positions in boom industries of the future, from biotech to robotics.
Asked whether this means Google needs a new mission statement, he says: “I think we do, probably.” As to what it should be: “We’re still trying to work that out.”
‘Basically, our goal is to organise the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful’ — 2001
When we met recently for a wide-ranging interview at his company’s Silicon Valley headquarters, Page displayed the characteristically tentative personal style that is a marked contrast to the definitive self-assurance of most corporate bosses. No doubt aware of the added responsibility that comes with running a company with 55,000 workers that is increasingly under the spotlight, he also chooses his words more carefully than he once did. But there has been no apparent change to the ambition and the expansiveness of his ideas – even if, as the father of two young children, he says he has become more conscious of long-term issues such as education.
Page finds himself at the helm of one of the world’s most powerful tech companies at a moment in history when the onrush of technological change is threatening to bring sweeping social and business disruption. Google’s goals are bigger than most – yet, even as it pours money into new ventures, the cash keeps piling up. It now exceeds $62bn.
“We’re in a bit of uncharted territory,” he says. “We’re trying to figure it out. How do we use all these resources . . . and have a much more positive impact on the world?” For Google’s investors, who have already become wary recently about the size of the company’s massive bets on the long-term future, this could be just the beginning.
As Page sees it, it all comes down to ambition – a commodity of which the world simply doesn’t have a large enough supply. In the midst of one of its periodic booms, Silicon Valley , still the epicentre of the tech business world, has become short-sighted, he says. While arguing that the Valley isn’t fundamentally “broken”, he agrees that it is overheated – though how much that matters is a different issue.
“There’s definitely a lot of capital and excitement, and these things tend to happen in cycles,” he says. “But 100 years from now you’re probably not going to care about that.”
©Steve Jennings/WireImage
‘You may think using Google’s great, but I still think it’s terrible’ — 2003
Much of the money pouring into the tech industry is drawn by the promise of easy profits from the latest consumer internet boom, he says. “You can make an internet company with 10 people and it can have billions of users. It doesn’t take much capital and it makes a lot of money – a really, really lot of money – so it’s natural for everyone to focus on those kinds of things.”
Page estimates that only about 50 investors are chasing the real breakthrough technologies that have the potential to make a material difference to the lives of most people on earth. If there is something holding these big ideas back, it is not a shortage of money or even the barrier of insurmountable technical hurdles. When breakthroughs of the type he has in mind are pursued, it is “not really being driven by any fundamental technical advance. It’s just being driven by people working on it and being ambitious,” he says. Not enough institutions – particularly governments – are thinking expansively enough about these issues: “We’re probably underinvested as a world in that.”
To the question of whether a private company, rather than governments, should be throwing its weight behind some of the world’s most long-range and ambitious science projects, he retorts: “Well, somebody’s got to do it.”
This is where Page’s engineer’s mind comes into play. The son of a computer science professor father, he likes, according to people who know him, nothing more in internal meetings than to burrow deep into technical issues. He describes, for instance, how he drills down into how Google’s data centres are run, following the issue of how much the company pays for power into questions about the design of electricity grids. With the right focus and application, he implies, there’s nothing that can’t be improved and made to run more efficiently.
©Getty
‘Lots of companies don’t succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future’ — 2005
A recent visit to a start-up working on nuclear fusion has enthused him with the possibility of a breakthrough in low-cost energy. Another start-up has surprised him by being able to “read” the mind of a human subject being shown visual images. “A really smart group of committed people with $50m can make a lot of progress on some of these problems. But not enough of that’s happening,” he says.
Some of Google’s own big bets are in areas that he describes as being at the “fringes” – things that seem open to a technological solution but which, for some reason, have not received concerted attention. As examples, he picks self-driving cars and the diseases that afflict older people – the latter a field that his wife worked in at a lab at Stanford University. “It wasn’t a high-status thing,” he says. Through a new biotech arm called Calico , Google is now planning to plough hundreds of millions of dollars of its own into the area.
“We do benefit from the fact that once we say we’re going to do it, people believe we can do it, because we have the resources,” he says. “Google helps in that way: there aren’t many funding mechanisms like that.”
But compared with its heady early days, when every brash initiative was welcomed by an adoring public with the indulgence of a parent celebrating a child’s finger paintings, the onrush of technological change has started to stir up fear.
“I think people see the disruption but they don’t really see the positive,” says Page. “They don’t see it as a life-changing kind of thing . . . I think the problem has been people don’t feel they are participating in it.”
A perennial optimist when it comes to technology, he argues that all that will change. Rapid improvements in artificial intelligence, for instance, will make computers and robots adept at most jobs. Given the chance to give up work, nine out of 10 people “wouldn’t want to be doing what they’re doing today”.
What of people who might regret losing their work? Once jobs have been rendered obsolete by technology, there is no point wasting time hankering after them, says Page. “The idea that everyone should slavishly work so they do something inefficiently so they keep their job – that just doesn’t make any sense to me. That can’t be the right answer.”
©Reuters
‘We want to create beautiful, intuitive services and technologies that are so incredibly useful that people use them twice a day. Like they use a toothbrush’ — 2006
He sees another boon in the effect that technology will have on the prices of many everyday goods and services. A massive deflation is coming: “Even if there’s going to be a disruption on people’s jobs, in the short term that’s likely to be made up by the decreasing cost of things we need, which I think is really important and not being talked about.”
New technologies will make businesses not 10 per cent, but 10 times more efficient, he says. Provided that flows through into lower prices: “I think the things you want to live a comfortable life could get much, much, much cheaper.”
Collapsing house prices could be another part of this equation. Even more than technology, he puts this down to policy changes needed to make land more readily available for construction. Rather than exceeding $1m, there’s no reason why the median home in Palo Alto, in the heart of Silicon Valley, shouldn’t cost $50,000, he says.
For many, the thought of upheavals like this in their personal economics might seem pie in the sky – not to mention highly disturbing. The prospect of millions of jobs being rendered obsolete, private-home values collapsing and the prices of everyday goods going into a deflationary spiral hardly sounds like a recipe for nirvana. But in a capitalist system, he suggests, the elimination of inefficiency through technology has to be pursued to its logical conclusion.
“You can’t wish away these things from happening, they are going to happen,” says Page. “You’re going to have some very amazing capabilities in the economy. When we have computers that can do more and more jobs, it’s going to change how we think about work. There’s no way around that. You can’t wish it away.”
. . .
When it comes to discussing policy, Page, like many technocrats, quickly sounds frustrated by the intractability of issues that are not susceptible to the kind of rigour he brings to his technological inquiries. “I do think there’s a tremendous amount of angst about these things and we’ve got to turn it round,” he says, though he has few concrete ideas about how to do that. “As a society, it’s very difficult to do something differently, and I don’t think that’s good.
©Eyevine
'If we were motivated by money, we would have sold the company a long time ago and ended up on a beach’ — 2006
“Some of the most fundamental questions which people are not thinking about, there’s the question of how do we organise people, how do we motivate people,” he says. “It’s a really interesting problem, how do we organise our democracies? If you look at satisfaction in the US, it’s not going up, it’s going down. That’s pretty worrying.”
In a reference to what he sees as Europe’s weak support for entrepreneurialism and technology, he adds: “I think many of the problems in Europe are like that.”
Another obstacle lies closer to home. In reaching for the tech industry’s ultimate prizes, Google may already be knocking up against the limits of what it is possible for one company to do. Page relates a frequent debate that he says he had with Steve Jobs, the boss of Apple, who died three years ago: “He would always tell me, You’re doing too much stuff. I’d be like, You’re not doing enough stuff.”
The argument he made to Jobs: “It’s unsatisfying to have all these people, and we have all these billions we should be investing to make people’s lives better. If we just do the same things we did before and don’t do something new, it seems like a crime to me.”
But the idealism does not blind him to the problem of his own ambition. “What Steve said is right – you, Larry, can only manage so many things.” If he – and Google – are to win, they will have to beat the odds that have held big companies back in the past, particularly in the tech industry, where few leaders from one generation of technology have made it big in the next.
‘Sometimes it’s important to wake up and stop dreaming. When a really great dream shows up, grab it’ — 2009
“The biggest companies are all within an order of magnitude of the same size, certainly in market cap,” says Page, who has a palpable sense of the limits against which his company is already pushing. “You say we’re going to take over all these important things, but there’s no example of a company doing that.”
His thinking about how to break through the invisible ceiling seems to have been evolving of late. Google X, the internal lab that was the brainchild of Brin, marked a first attempt to back big new ideas, with projects such as Glass and the driverless car. Despite Brin stepping back from Google’s main business, Page still describes them as close allies. “We spent a lot of time together . . . there are very few people who share that experience,” he says. Of Brin’s constant agitation to reach for the biggest bets, he adds: “He’s always on the more extreme side, which is important.”
Now, moving beyond X, Page is experimenting with setting up freestanding business units with semi-independent leaders charged with building big new businesses under the wing of Google. Besides Calico, Google has revealed in recent days that these will include the “smart home” division Nest , as well as a new unit comprising its investments in internet access and energy. Google has also quickly emerged in the past two years as the biggest venture capitalist in Silicon Valley.
There is no model for the kind of company Google wants to become, says Page. But if there’s a single person who represents many of the qualities he thinks will be needed for the task ahead, then it’s famed investor Warren Buffett.
Sounding not at all like the idealistic young technologist who once spoke of brain implants that would answer questions by the power of thought, he says: “One thing we’re doing is providing long-term, patient capital.”
He is at an age where he can still afford to take the long view. But with an ambition that shows few bounds, patience may be another matter.
Richard Waters is the FT’s US West Coast editor
Photographs: David Black; Steve Jennings/WireImage; Getty; Reuters; Eyevine
-------------------------------------------

Dow rises to intraday record; Japan widens stimulusDow rises to intraday record; Japan widens stimulus
http://usat.ly/1tGtBOQFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Investing: 2 men save same, end up $234K apart
Out here in Exampleland, Pete and Frank always leave Philadelphia at noon and pass Helen and Irma in  Altoona at 4:30, but no one will tell you how fast they're going. And when you're planning for retirement,
Post to Facebook
Investing: 2 men save same, end up $234K apart Out here in Exampleland, Pete and Frank always leave Philadelphia at noon and pass Helen and Irma in  Altoona at 4:30, but no one will tell you how fast they're going. And when you're planning for retirement, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tGtBOQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
59
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Investing: 2 men save same, end up $234K apart
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 8:34 a.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Save early and often is familiar advice from financial planners.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
949 CONNECT 172 TWEET 127 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Out here in Exampleland, Pete and Frank always leave Philadelphia at noon and pass Helen and Irma in Altoona at 4:30, but no one will tell you how fast they're going. And when you're planning for retirement, you can always figure out what percentage of your income you can save, but no one here will tell you what you'll have when you leave the office for the last time.
Today we're going to show why, and what you can learn from that — because you can always learn something in Exampleland. We're going to start with Joe, who started saving for retirement at age 30 in 1975 and retired at age 65. Joe's younger brother, Ralph, also started saving at age 30, but does so four years later. You'll soon see why Joe hates Ralph, and it's not because Ralph briefly dated Abba's Agnetha Fältskog while visiting relatives in Sweden.
Joe invested all his retirement money in the Standard and Poor's 500-stock index and reinvested his dividends. So did Ralph. Each of them earned the median family income — half is higher, half lower. For Joe, that started at $11,800 in 1975, or $46,453, adjusted for inflation. For Ralph, who starts saving in 1979, that's $16,461, or $49,225 adjusted for inflation. Wage growth was a real thing in the 1970s.
Both Joe and Ralph saved 10% of their income each year for retirement. We use nominal dollars for our calculation — that is, not adjusted for inflation — because those are the kind of dollars you get deducted from your paycheck.
Why does Joe hate Ralph? Because Joe retired with $672,000 in his retirement account, while Ralph left work with $906,000 — a difference of $234,000.
As can only happen in Exampleland, both Joe and Ralph had identical savings plans, but they would end up with vastly different results. The reason was entirely due to accidents of birth. Joe retired at the end of 2009, shortly after the worst bear market since the Great Depression, while Ralph, who retired at the end of 2013, had time for his investments to recover and even grow larger.
Investing: Can you retire on $1 million?
What can we learn from this example? Several things.
•The stock market is a fair-weather friend. Returns from stocks are often the worst when you need your money the most. The recession officially lasted from December 2007 through June 2009, a period when both Joe and Ralph were likely to be laid off — and when their retirement savings took a massive hit. The stock market's losses would have made a tremendous difference in Joe's retirement lifestyle. If he were to start retirement with a 5% withdrawal, he'd get about $33,500 a year, vs. $45,250 for Ralph.
•Assuming you don't get laid off, consider working longer if the market is down sharply at your planned retirement date. Had Joe hung in for another four years, he would have retired with $1.2 million, assuming he kept contributing at the same rate.
•It's always good to be diversified, at least in the decade or so before you retire. Let's say that  Joe moved to a typical balanced fund — 60% stocks and 40% bonds — in the decade before his retirement. He'd have been sitting on $845,000 in 2009.
The problem with examples, of course, is that they assume people do exactly what they should do, rather than what people really do. Joe wouldn't have had an index fund available to him when he started investing: The Vanguard 500 Index fund was still just a twinkle in Vanguard founder Jack Bogle's eye in 1975. Neither one would have had a 401(k) savings plan to start.
It would have been far more likely that Joe started investing in one the largest funds of the day. In 1975, that would have been the Dreyfus fund. It has returned an average 10.16% a year since 1975, vs. 12.15% for the S&P 500 with dividends reinvested.
Of the 10 largest funds of 1975, only two — the American Funds Investment Co. of America (12.96% a year) and Fidelity Puritan (12.5%) have beaten the S&P 500. It's worth noting that one of the 10 largest funds in 1975 was Dreyfus Liquid Assets, a money fund, which earned 6.68% that year. After the soul-searing bear market of 1972-1973, it would have been far more likely that Joe and Ralph would have chosen a money fund for their savings.
8 tips to maximize your 401(k) for retirement
Finally, there are two other things to note from Exampleland. The first is that the main determinant of how big your account will be at retirement is the amount of money you put in. Had Ralph, the younger brother, put in 8% of his salary a year, rather than 10%, his account would have been worth about $725,000, and Joe probably would have forgiven him for beating him in the international whistling championship of 1988.
The second biggest factor is the amount of time you save. If Ralph had delayed saving for five years, he would have retired with $549,000 instead of $906,000.
Most important, you probably shouldn't focus on trying to figure out where the markets will be at any given point in time. It's time better spent doing more productive things, like alphabetizing your spice rack. Focus instead on how much you save and what you can do if things don't work out. And don't be like Joe. He's still bitter about Ralph's close friendship with Wolfgang Puck.
Video Keywords retirement planning retirement strategy automated tools balanced growth payroll deduction retirement plan
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  -- -- Often the higher the stakes and the greater
00:07  the degree of importance to us. The more people need something
00:10  with resistance it's the stuff Democrats in session is made up
00:14  whether or work out or -- financial planning session twenty minutes
00:17  can make a real difference. Most financial planners say retired households
00:21  spend about 80%. Of what working households do. Why one reason
00:25  is the assumption that you won't be driving to work or
00:27  need that -- portrait. But overall that's not a big drop
00:30  off and the cash to fund later years have to compete
00:33  somewhere. Bottom line winging it is just too risky here's the
00:37  good news in as little as twenty minutes you could make
00:39  some significant strides. According to the financial experts we spoke with.
00:44  Here's their advice step number one conduct a quick reality check
00:49  start finding a free calculator on -- There are lots of
00:52  terrific ones and plugging in various data points as one of
00:55  the quickest ways to gauge where things stand. Source include most
00:59  major banking sites along with fidelity AARP TI AEA craft vanguard
01:04  and Schwab. You don't have to be an existing customers --
01:07  many of the tools provided by the site. Number two --
01:11  with the numbers. Let's put some real mapped against retirement scenarios.
01:15  For instance if you happen 30000 dollars in the workplace retirement
01:19  plan as a today. And -- adding 250 dollars on a
01:23  monthly basis often based on an automatic payroll deduction happens automatically.
01:28  If you weren't 6% on that money they're reasonable assumption for
01:31  investing in many retirement plan options and and the power of
01:35  compound interest kicks it. After twenty years your portfolio total would
01:40  grow to about 2101000. Dollars. If you increase your contribution by
01:45  100 dollars a month it could field an extra 46%. Compound
01:51  interest makes your balanced growth faster and it's one of the
01:54  single most important components of retirement strategy. And more time the
01:58  money has to work and the higher the number it's working
02:01  went the more you benefit which is why an early start
02:04  and contributing as much as you can so he. Playing around
02:07  with the calculators really demonstrates the impact. Number three set goals
02:12  and make -- personalized plan that's highly specific got two minutes
02:16  here. The first schedule an appointment with an advisor it's important
02:20  to know how they're going to be compensated in the there's
02:22  often no fee for the initial consultation. The more you know
02:26  about retirement planning the more strategic -- can be it can
02:29  also log on as they gassed. On some of the major
02:32  web site and use their automated tools beyond the calculators to
02:36  generate customized action plan. Just follow the prompts the last few
02:40  series of questions income agents at track and you'll get a
02:43  readout of where you are. -- where you like to be
02:46  would suggest adjustments to make I did it just this week
02:49  was compelled to make several changes for USA today which analysts.
949 CONNECT 172 TWEET 127 LINKEDIN 59 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tGtBOQ

Wall Street rallied broadly as BOJ ramps up stimulusWall Street rallied broadly as BOJ ramps up stimulus
By Reuters | 31 Oct, 2014, 08.23PM IST
0
Share More
The Dow industrials hit a record high as stocks rallied on Wall Street after the Bank of Japan significantly ramped up its stimulus program.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The Dow industrials hit a record high on Friday as stocks rallied on Wall Street after the Bank of Japan significantly ramped up its stimulus program, just days after the Federal Reserve wound down its own package of US economic incentives.
The S&P 500 came within 0.25 per cent of its record and the December e-minis contract hit an intraday record earlier.
Gains were broad, with close to 90 S&P 500 components hitting new 52-week highs and around 90 more trading within 2 per cent of a record.
The BOJ's board voted 5-4 to accelerate purchases of Japanese government bonds while tripling its purchases of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts.
At the same time, Japan's $1.2 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund announced new allocations for its portfolio, including raising its holdings of domestic and foreign stock holdings to 25 per cent each from 12 per cent. A Nikkei newspaper report on this announcement on Thursday contributed to an afternoon move higher in US stocks.
The timing of the moves sends a strong signal to investors, as six years of aggressive US stimulus come to an end and as euro zone inflation data kept pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease monetary policy.
"It's not just the (BOJ) easing but the asset allocation from the pension plan is of course also helpful," said Paul Zemsky, chief investment officer of multi-asset strategies and solutions at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Economic growth (in the United States) is looking pretty good, earnings are good ... we will end the year certainly closer to 2,100 than 2,000 on the S&P 500."
So far this earnings season has been strong, with 75.5 per cent of S&P 500 components reporting earnings above analyst expectations according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 63 per cent average in the past 20 years.
Page 1 of 2

http://usat.ly/1tpffRtFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
Video Keywords the Fed stock market S&P Dallas America's
There’s an old saying that the more things change, the more they stay the same; that’s exactly the case on Wall Street now that the Federal Reserve has finally stuck a fork in its stock-friendly stimulus program, known as QE. Video by Jason Allen Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  There's an old saying that the more things change the
00:02  more they stay the same. That's exactly the case on Wall
00:05  Street now that the fellow reserve has finally stuck to work
00:07  its stock for only stimulus program north QB. Hi I'm David
00:12  Craig and this is America's markets. Back in September of defense
00:20  or to lose on track and its bond buying program known
00:23  as quantitative easing. And sure enough on Wednesday the Fed senators
00:26  doing exactly. The various phases of Q we have been credited
00:30  would be a big driver for Wall Street's powerful Stockwell the
00:32  past four years. Pick your rug like that out when or
00:35  if the stock market would obviously have a big effect right.
00:38  Partly. On September 17 the day the Fed's last meeting ended
00:43  the Dodgers industrials closed at 7157. Which was not a record.
00:47  Following the Fed's announcement this week that was did and impunity
00:51  the Dallas forty points above that level or just half percent
00:54  from your hard. Granted a lot of happened when the market
00:57  retriever you're fed millions and that's just a bad memory now.
01:00  It's what we read into this just that all the concern
01:03  though Wall Street being able to wean itself off the steady
01:05  stream additional joy juice from the Fed. Has so far proved
01:09  groundless you can make your case the conditions are good for
01:12  stock investors get back to business as usual and focus on
01:15  the fundamentals. And speaking out fundamentals the news on earnings front
01:18  might be helping these Anhui withdrawal parents. They also expect S&P
01:22  five hundreds of square can be up nearly 9% from the
01:25  year ago. According to Thomson Reuters and Merrill more than halfway
01:28  through the earnings season three quarters of companies are doing even
01:31  better than expected.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:50 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Two benchmark stock indexes closed at record highs Friday, on the last trading day of a month that was a roller coaster ride for investors.
Driving the rally: Huge and surprising moves by Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Japan's Nikkei 225 took a super-sized 4.8% leap, starting a global stocks rally that ended on Wall Street with strong market gains.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 195.10 points, 1.1%, to 17,390.52 -- its highest close since Aug. 19, when it finished at 17,279.74. The Standard & Poor's 500 added 23.40 points, 1.2%, to close at 2018.05 -- its highest close since Aug. 18, when it finished at 2011.36. And the Nasdaq composite index ended at a 14 1/2-year high, gaining 64.60 points, 1.4%, to close at 4630.74.
The tech-packed Nasdaq climbed as high as 4641.51 in early trading -- its highest level in more than 14 years -- before retreating a tad. At its peak, the Nasdaq was at its highest level since March 29, 2000.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note ended 2.33%, up from 2.31% Thursday. And the price of crude oil keeps falling. On Friday, it lost another 54 cents to end at $80.58 a barrel.
Exxon 3Q profits up on refining boost
Japan markets were catapulted higher on a double dose of good news.
The country's central bank announced it will boost asset purchases in an effort to jump-start its lagging economy and try to boost inflation, which is dangerously low. Also, Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) surprised markets by announcing a major shift in where it will invest its assets, which total nearly 127 trillion yen -- about $1.1 trillion -- according to Citibank. The GPIF said it was making a major shift in its investment strategy and plans to substantially boost its investments in higher-risk assets, such as stocks.
In what amounts to a massive easing in monetary policy by Japan in its fight to stave off deflation, the Japanese central bank upped the amount of money it is pumping into the system. The announcement, which caught investors by surprise, also included new and more aggressive asset purchases.
The Bank of Japan said it would boost its purchases of domestic government bonds, buy more long-term bonds, as well as exchange traded funds that track Japan's benchmark stock index and real estate investment trusts.
"The Bank of Japan surprised markets," Barclays told clients in a report.
The floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Theodorakis, Getty Images)
The GPIF announced that it plans to double its investments in both Japanese stocks and foreign stocks, boosting the share of the fund's investment pie for each asset class to 25% from 12%. At the same time, it slashed its target for domestic Japanese bonds to 35% from 60%.
The move by the GPIF is bullish for stocks as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The Nikkei ended up gaining a whopping 755.56 points. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index rose 1.3%. The Shanghai composite gained 1.2%.
European benchmarks also ended higher Friday, with France's CAC 40 adding 2.2%, Germany's DAX 30 index up 2.1% and Britain's FTSE 100 up 1%.
12 hideous ways to lose money in October, from @mattkrantz http://t.co/prXVjrJqcT Photo: @GettyImages pic.twitter.com/ZeetJDwyJl
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

BoE raises bank leverage ratioBanks breathe sigh of relief over UK leverage ratio
Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/154fd498-610a-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The militarys long history with prostitution gets a new lookBy Dan Lamothe October 31 Follow @danlamothe
South Korean prostitutes sit in their shop in 2004 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images)
A group of women in South Korea sued their own government in June, alleging that it trained them to serve as “patriots” or “civilian diplomats” in the 1960s and 1970s. Their real job: work as prostitutes near American military bases. The women were tested regularly to make sure they didn’t have sexually-transmitted diseases, and were locked up until they were healthy again if they did, they said.
It’s an uncomfortable part of the U.S. military’s long history with prostitution. The world’s oldest profession has long catered to U.S. troops, whether at home or abroad. But the issue is getting new scrutiny  in South Korea, where the top U.S. commander, Gen. Curtis M. Scaparrotti, recently forbid all military personnel under his command from paying an employee in an “establishment” for his or her time.
The general said in a memorandum to his troops that not only is prostitution banned, but that service members are not allowed to pay a fee to play darts or billiards with a local employee or to buy them a drink or souvenir in exchange for their company.
“Service members are often encouraged to buy overpriced ‘juice’ drinks in exchange for the company of these women, or to pay a fee to obtain the company of an employee who is then relieved of their work shift (commonly referred to as “bar-fining” or “buying a day off”),” Scaparrotti said. “The governments of the Republic of Korea, the United States, and the Republic of the Philippines have linked these practices with prostitution and human trafficking.”
The effort comes as the Pentagon also attempts to crack down on another problem: sexual assault. Defense officials said in May that they recorded thousands of reports of sexual assault last year, and that the problem is much more widespread than commanders had realized.
Scaparrotti’s memo does not mention the push to stop sexual assault in the ranks, but it says he expects service members to respect “the dignity of others” at all times. Paying for companionship, he said, “encourages the objectification of women, reinforces sexist attitudes, and is demeaning to all human beings” — themes that have come up in the attempt to stop sexual assault, as well.
The general’s prohibition is part of a broader effort to crack down on “juicy bars” in South Korea. They’ve existed for years, with many of the women working in them said to be Filipino victims of human trafficking — modern-day sex slaves.
The connection between the U.S. military and prostitution goes far beyond that, however. In one high-profile example, several Navy officers and employees were charged last year with accepting prostitutes as part of a major bribery scandal. The women were furnished by the Malaysian tycoon, “Fat” Leonard Francis, in exchange for information that he allegedly used to defraud the U.S. government of millions of dollars, authorities said .
Francis, the CEO of Glenn Defense Marine Asia, a shipping firm that at one point had more than $200 million in contracts with the Navy, has denied the charges. Others already have pleaded guilty, including a retired Navy officer , an agent with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and Francis’ cousin .
That case had connections to Malaysia, Singapore Japan and Indonesia, among other locations. But it involved much more money than the tawdry transactions that have been a part of military life for decades. 
During Vietnam War, for example, prostitution was common. Infamously depicted in the 1987 movie “Full Metal Jacket,” it played a role in creating a generation of half-Americans in Vietnam who are now mostly in their 40s, according to a Global Post report in 2011.
In World War II, posters warned U.S. soldiers in Europe that “ you can’t beat the Axis if you get VD .” Things may have been even worse in Japan, where American officials allowed an official brothel system for the use of U.S. troops until 1946, when Gen. Douglas MacArthur shut it down.
“Sadly, we police had to set up sexual comfort stations for the occupation troops,”an official history of one Japanese police department says, according to a 2007 Associated Press report. “The strategy was, through the special work of experienced women, to create a breakwater to protect regular women and girls.”
More recently in Japan, a network of massage parlors and other businesses offer a variety of sexual services that are legal in the country. They got unexpected attention last year when Toru Hashimoto, the mayor of the city of Osaka, said that he had suggested to a top commander at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma that his troops should make better use of Japan’s sex industry . Doing so, the mayor said, would help them control their sexual urges.
The comments were condemned by a number of other Japanese officials , and prompted U.S. officials to underscore that visiting a sex worker was punishable under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
At home, a female soldier testified in June at Fort Hood in Texas  that she was recruited by a higher-ranking service member, Sgt. 1st Class Gregory McQueen, to serve as a prostitute for other men on base. The solider was granted immunity for her testimony, and said she was 20-years-old and struggling financially when he asked her to serve as an escort  for other enlisted soldiers and civilians.
At the time, both of them were working for the base’s sexual harassment and assault prevention program.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41 per litre  diesel rate lowered by Rs2.25Petrol will cost Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi from tomorrow as against Rs 66.65 currently. In Mumbai, the rate will be cut by Rs 2.55 a litre to Rs 71.91. (Source: Express Archives)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:16 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:10 am
Petrol price was today cut by Rs 2.41 a litre, the sixth reduction since August, and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre on back of falling international oil rates.
The reduction in rates of petrol and diesel, which was deregulated for the first time in more than a decade, will be effective from midnight tonight, Indian Oil Corp, the nation’s largest fuel retailer, announced.
The Rs 2.41 a litre price cut in petrol and Rs 2.25 in diesel was after accounting for a 10-15 paise increase in commission paid to petrol pump dealers. The reduction should have been higher by 10-15 paise if the dealer commission had not been increased.
Petrol will cost Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi from tomorrow as against Rs 66.65 currently. In Mumbai, the rate will be cut by Rs 2.55 a litre to Rs 71.91.
Since August, petrol price has been cumulatively cut by Rs 9.36 per litre. Prices vary from state to state because of differential rate of local sales tax or VAT.
Diesel rates have been cut for the second time this month. The nation’s most consumed fuel will now cost Rs 53.35 per litre in Delhi from tomorrow compared to Rs 55.60 a litre at present.
In Mumbai, diesel price has been reduced by Rs 2.50 to Rs 61.04.
The government had on October 18 freed diesel prices from its control, giving freedom to oil marketing companies to adjust rates in line with cost. On that day, rates were cut by Rs 3.37 per litre, the first reduction in price of diesel in over five years. The previous decline dates back to January 2009.
Simultaneously, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 18.5 to Rs 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.
The only exception being October 23 when prices went up by a marginal Rs 3 per cylinder following government raising the commission paid to LPG dealers/distributors.
“The price of petrol was last revised downwards with effect from October 15 by Rs 1.21 per litre (including state levies at Delhi) on the back of declining international oil prices,” IOC statement said.
IOC said the government decided to make diesel prices market-determined for all consumers on October 18.
“Subsequently, with effect from October 19, based on prevailing level of international prices and Rupee-USD exchange rate, the selling price of diesel in continued…

AAP begins preparation for by-polls  meets its youth wing and social mediateamPrint
Arvind Kejriwal held multiple meetings with different wings of AAP, including its MLAs, youth wing and social media team. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:54 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 10:09 pm
Aam Aadmi Party on Friday kick started its preparations for the upcoming by-elections in the national capital which will be fought on three Assembly seats next month.
At an internal party meeting held at the party’s office, senior leaders, including party Chief Arvind Kejriwal, held multiple meetings with different wings of AAP, including its MLAs, youth wing and social media team.
“By-elections are happening on three seats and we have started preparing for that. Party MLAs met in Delhi and there are meetings on with different volunteer groups of the party,” senior party leader Manish Sisodia said.
Sisodia indicated that existing MLAs from the party would have an important role to play in the bypolls.
“MLAs would play a significant role in these elections. People recognise them now, they have experience of fighting an election and also winning it. They all will go to the areas of their respective Assembly constituencies for campaigning,” Sisodia said.
However, the names of the candidates for the by-elections have not been disclosed as yet. The last date for submitting nominations is November 5.
On the issue of the Lt Governor calling parties for a possible government formation in Delhi, Sisodia said, “Till now I haven’t heard if anyone has been called by the Lt Governor with regard to government formation. But we hope that something will be done before the next hearing in the Supreme Court on November 11.”
The bypolls have been necessitated after three BJP MLAs– Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Parvesh Verma–were elected to Parliament. The elections to the three seats will be held on November 25.

Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis promises transparentgovernmentSee Highlights
“The state government’s financial condition is not that good. If all the assurances given by the erstwhile (Congress-NCP) government are to be implemented, the government would have to spend Rs 52,000 crore,” Fadnavis said.
The Chief Minister said the decisions taken by the previous Congress-NCP government just before the model code of conduct for election kicked in will be reviewed.
“It will take time to bring the administration back on the track but we will do it. We will bring Maharashtra to the number one position,” he said.
Asked about the possibility of Shiv Sena joining the new government, Fadnavis said,” There was a positive talk between Amit Shah and Uddhav Thckeray today.”
On the presence of godmen at the swearing-in ceremony, Fadnavis said, “They belonged to all religions. There is a thin line between belief and superstition. We are against superstition.”
He also assured to look into the grievances of the media, particularly incidents of attack on journalists, and said there will be a regular media briefing after state cabinet meetings, a practice discontinued during the tenure of Vilasrao Deshmukh as Chief Minister.
“People expect the government to be both transparent and efficient,” Fadnavis said, explaining the need for right to service legislation, and added that it would be tabled in the Budget session of the Assembly at Nagpur next year.
The Chief Minister said the state’s finances were not in a good shape and he would need time to restore the financial health.
When asked if a white paper on the economy would be published, as he had demanded as an opposition leader, Fadnavis said discussions about this were underway.
He said that he could make mistakes, but added, “I will ensure that there will be no malafide intentions”.
On a question about demand of statehood for Vidarbha, Fadnavis, once a strong votary of a separate state, said his priority now was to remove the imbalance in development.
“My aim will be to restore number one position of Maharashtra,” he said.
Justifying today’s lavish swearing-in ceremony, the new Chief Minister said there was a change of guard in the state after 15 years, and “naturally, many people from various parts of the state wanted to attend it”.
When asked about the call for austerity given by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Fadnavis said his government’s actions would show commitment to austerity.
About various scams, for which he had targeted the Congress-NCP government from the opposition benches, Fadnavis said action would be taken wherever necessary.
The Chief Minister said though he had addressed many a press conferences as an opposition leader, “for the first time he was feeling nervous because of the change of role”.
“There is an immense burden of expectations. However, more than burden…I will say I am aware of the huge responsibility and will try my best to fulfil it,” he said.
The allocation of portfolios of the ministers who took the oath with him today would be done tomorrow, he said.

Congress decision to break alliance unfortunate  saysSorenPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Dumka (jharkhand) | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:43 pm
On Friday Chief Minister Hemant Soren termed as “unfortunate” Congress’ decision to break alliance with JMM and asked BJP not to be in “illusion” of repeating Maharashtra and Haryana-like performances in Jharkhand.
“Despite being in the ruling coalition for 14 months, some ambitious leaders are allowing BJP a ‘bypass (route)’ in the ensuing assembly elections,” Soren said without taking name of Congress, hours after Congress announced break-up of ties with the JMM.
“But JMM will not allow BJP to come to power. We will contest all the 81 seats on our own and form a majority government after the polls,” Soren claimed.
Terming as “illusion” the BJP’s claim of repeating Maharashtra and Haryana-like performances, Soren alleged that the BJP had “looted” the state and responsible for political instability in its nearly nine years rule.
Blaming Congress for imposing President’s rule thrice in the state, he said, “What our government did in the past 14 months no other government has done. We have raised the performance bar and development will be visible within the next five years.”
Highlighting his achievement during the short stint in power, Soren said his government took initiatives to address all sections of the society, adding the government had sanctioned road projects worth Rs 5000 crore.
JMM has been heading the coalition with the support of Congress, RJD and other parties/independent MLAs.

Sebi piles pressure on Sahara chief Subrata Roy to sell overseas hotelsSebi piles pressure on Sahara chief Subrata Roy to sell overseas hotels
By Reuters | 31 Oct, 2014, 10.28PM IST
The markets regulator has accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell its marquee overseas hotels in New York and London.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The markets regulator has accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell its marquee overseas hotels in New York and London, seen as crucial to it complying with an order to repay investors and secure the release of jailed head Subrata Roy .
Roy, one of country's best-known business tycoons, has been held in a Delhi jail for nearly eight months over the conglomerate's failure to refund billions of dollars the group raised in outlawed bonds.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to pay Rs 100 billion ($1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for Roy, a flamboyant businessman who has often been photographed with senior politicians, professional cricketers and Bollywood movie stars.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) says that the total amount Sahara owes to investors is about 470 billion Indian rupees and has petitioned the country's top court to order the company to reveal details of offers it received for the sale or mortgage of its hotels, according to court documents seen by Reuters.
Sahara did not reply immediately to requests for comment.
Roy was sent back to a regular jail cell this month after spending two months in a makeshift prison office fitted with computers and phones to enable him to conduct negotiations with prospective buyers for Sahara's three hotels, including the Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
In its petition to the Supreme Court, the SEBI said it had been informed by various individuals and entities that Sahara was refusing to entertain bids for the hotels despite several such offers.
LETTERS OF INTENT
The regulator cited emails from purported representatives of companies including New York-based Madison Capital and Texas-based World Class Capital Group (WCCG), including letters of intent to acquire the Sahara hotels.
An official from Madison Capital declined comment and WCCG Chief Executive Nate Paul did not respond immediately to an emailed request for comment.
Page 1 of 2

Japan pension fund ups stocks  slice in asset pieSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 stock average surged 4.8% Friday after the Bank of Japan decided additional monetary easing measures are needed to stimulate the economy. The Nikkei gained 755.56 points, or 4.82%, to end at 16,413.76, the highest in seven years. (EPA/CHRISTOPHER JUE)
The Bank of Japan’s surprise move to boost its stimulus programs wasn’t the only news out of Tokyo to propel global stock prices higher. A giant Japanese pension fund also gave bulls reason to cheer when it said it plans to amp up its stock holdings.
The BoJ’s unexpected decision to fight deflation by mounting a more aggressive stimulus program, via bigger purchases of government bonds and purchases of stocks via exchange traded funds and real estate investment trusts, got most of the credit for today’s stock rally. A decision by Japan’s big pension fund to buy more stocks and less bonds amounted to what Citigroup calls a “double shock” of bullish news for global markets.
“The Bank of Japan and the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) surprised markets,” Citigroup’s Asia Pacific investment strategist Ken Peng and Steven Wieting, the firm’s global chief investment strategist, told clients in a research note.
Indeed the double whammy of “additional significant monetary stimulus” — the BoJ increased its asset purchase targets by 64% — and a “major shift in asset allocation towards higher-risk assets” by GPIF sparked a big rally around the world and on Wall Street.
The reason: the BoJ’s additional stimulus is viewed as an economic positive, while the GPIF’s decision to up its stock holdings means there’s a new big buyer of stocks, which creates fresh demand for stocks. The GPIF manages 127 trillion yen, which equates to $1.13 trillion U.S. dollars.
Indeed, the big pension fund’s decision to double its target of stock holdings was also a boon for stock market sentiment.
The pension fund plans on doubling its holdings in both Japanese and foreign stocks, which would increase its total stock allocation to 50%, from 25%. A 50% stock allocation equates to roughly $565 billion U.S. dollars in buying power. See chart below for the new allocations, which include bigger helpings of stocks and smaller helpings of bonds. Pension funds like the GPIF, need bigger returns to meet their obligations.
Japan’s pension fund is upping its helpings of stocks. (Chart: Citigroup)
 

Sunanda K Datta-Ray: Black money and black holesSunanda K Datta-Ray: Black money and black holes
Over 1000 foreign fighters stream into Syria every month: USofficialsThere are more than 16,000 volunteers from 80 countries that have travelled to Syria to fight with various militant groups, including the Islamic State jihadists.
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:07 pm
Foreign fighters are streaming into Syria at a rate of roughly 1,000 a month, with no let-up in the flow despite international efforts to stem the tide, US officials said on Friday.
The surge in foreign militants heading to Syria surpasses anything seen in previous conflicts in the past 10 years, including wars in Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia or elsewhere, said a US intelligence official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
“It’s safe to say this conflict stands out with the highest rate in the last decade,” the official told AFP.
US intelligence agencies now believe there are more than 16,000 volunteers from 80 countries that have travelled to Syria to fight with various militant groups, including the Islamic State jihadists who have seized large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria.
“All of these numbers are trending upward,” the official said.
There was no sign yet that US-led air strikes against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq or new restrictions aimed at foreign volunteers in several countries had affected the flow, officials said.
Analysts say the numbers may be much higher while US officials acknowledge that tracking the movement of foreign volunteers remains a challenge and that any figure released is only a rough estimate.
“We have limited insights on this,” the official added.
Most of the volunteers have come from the Middle East and North Africa, with the highest number of fighters flowing out of Tunisia, officials said.
More than 2,000 hail from European nations and more than 100 from the United States, with a small number, about a dozen – linked to the Islamic State group, according US estimates.
The numbers on foreign fighters were first reported by NBC News and the Washington Post.

Estonia Citizen Extradited to NY in Cyber CaseThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Japan expands QE: Two strategiesjapan expands qe: two strategies
"Run for unity" held"Run for unity" held
Somali pirates free Indian sailors after 4 years in captivitySomali pirates free Indian sailors after 4 years in captivity
World Weekly PodcastListen Later on Stitcher
|
Gaza crisis: what does current conflict mean for Netanyahu, Hamas and the wider middle east? Jul 16, 2014 - 4:20 pm
As bombing reaches its ninth consecutive day, Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu is facing criticism abroad for causing unnecessary bloodshed, and at home for not sending troops into Gaza. Gideon Rachman is joined by Siona Jenkins, Middle east news editor, and from Gaza by John Reed, Jerusalem bureau chief to look deeper at the broader Israeli/Palestinian conflict and how Hamas has been able to use the current crisis to drum up support as chaos in the middle east reaches levels unparalleled in recent decades

Small Mistakes That Can Hurt Your Cibil ScoreYou are here: Home Your Money
Small Mistakes That Can Hurt Your Cibil Score
Creditvidya.com | Updated On: November 03, 2014 18:00 (IST)
Investing in Bank FDs? Why You Should Rethink
Many of us often take payments for granted once we have achieved a healthy Cibil score. But credit score algorithms do not understand human nature. To demystify this concept, discussed here is the impact of a small payment miss on your Cibil score.
Nikhilesh Yadav, a New Delhi-based accountant was living a contented life. He had recently bought a three-bedroom apartment in an upcoming locality close to his office. It accommodated his family along with his parents. He had a mid-sized car and was contemplating buying a big car after getting an annual raise, which came along sooner than expected.
Mr Yadav's Cibil score was around 750 points on a scale of 900 the last time he had checked while buying his first car a couple of years ago. When he decided to apply for a loan to buy a bigger car, he was in for a huge shock. He was informed by his bank that his application was rejected because of a low Cibil score and a couple of negative remarks in his credit report.
He immediately pulled out his personalised Cibil score and found his score to be around 610. He had delayed a couple of his car loan EMIs and a couple payments relating to his credit card.
Delayed or missed payments get reported on your credit report by the lenders and have a negative impact of pulling down your Cibil score. Lenders often prefer a healthy credit score from their prospective borrowers.
Here's a table to give you an idea of percentage of new loans sanctioned to people with different credit scores:
Credit score
Percentage of new loans sanctioned
<650

Ward Farnsworth (guest-blogging)Customers can monitor energy usage in real time, plus track the location of technicians.
Dec 4, 2014
A prominent investor explains why he’s so optimistic.
Dec 4, 2014
They burn an exorbitant amount of energy, but with better technology it doesn’t have to be that way.
Dec 3, 2014
He hadn’t sleep. The TV he wanted was sold out. Then the one he got didn’t fit in his car.
Dec 1, 2014
Mark Plotkin describes getting superior medical care deep in the Amazon rain forest.
Nov 26, 2014
The Google creation makes it easier for those with tremors to eat and not spill.
Nov 25, 2014
Minerva University relies on videoconferencing to reinvent learning.
Nov 24, 2014
The start-up upgrades its offering as it moves to be the dominant beacon platform.
Nov 19, 2014
U.S. chief technology officer Megan Smith discusses how to ensure girls pursue engineering careers.
Nov 19, 2014
Wearable technology is making it possible to get instant updates on the health of your loved ones.
Nov 19, 2014
Load More
About
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations, where he writes about the people, ideas and companies that are changing the world.
Most Read

Black money could add $30 billion to forex reservesNew Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 14:58 IST
‘Black money could add $30 billion to forex reserves’
PTI
economy, business and finance
The unearthing of capital flight of black money Indians have allegedly stashed away in Swiss banks could add USD 30 billion to the country’s forex reserves, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) report.
According to the global financial services major, though there would not be any immediate forex impact given the legal issues involved, it could add USD 30-35 billion to the forex reserves over time.
BofA-ML has worked with an estimate of capital flight of about USD 200 billion based on a recent research study.
According to the study, Raghbendra Jha and Duc Nguyen Truong, of Australian National University, estimated total capital flight of more than USD 186 billion during 1998-2012.
“If even half of this is unearthed, it could add USD 30-35 billion (three to four months of current import cover) to forex reserves over time,” BofA-ML said in a research note.

Rupee dips for 3rd straight day  ends at over 1-week low vs USDforeign exchange market
Ahead of US Federal Reserve policy meeting outcome, Indian rupee on Wednesday dipped three paise to end at over one-week low of 61.35 against the greenback on dollar demand from importers, extending losses for the third day.
Firm local equities, fresh capital outflows and a weak dollar overseas, however, restricted the rupee fall to a major extent, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex), the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.26 a dollar from previous close of 61.32 and immediately touched a high of 61.25. Later, it fell back to a low of 61.3650 before concluding at 61.35 — a fall of three paise or 0.05 per cent. This is its weakest closing level since ending at 61.36 on October 20.
Rupee had fallen three paise on Monday and two paise on Tuesday.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday spurted 217.35 points, or 0.81 per cent. FIIs sold shares worth USD 11.60 million on Tuesday, as per SEBI data.
The dollar index was trading lower by 0.06 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group, CEO, said: “Rupee continues to trade in a tight range... Traders are eagerly waiting for the outcome of the Federal Reserve’s two-day policy meeting with the anticipation that the Federal Reserve won’t raise interest rates for some time. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80.”
In the forwards market, premium moved sideways.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March eased further to 198-200 paise from previous close of 200-202 paise.
Far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 rose to 428.5-430.5 paise from 427-429 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.3175 and for the Euro at 78.1430.
The rupee remained weak against the pound to end at 98.87 from 98.85 previously while declined further to 78.14 per euro from 77.91. It also turned slightly negative to settle at 56.76 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.74.

Moodys retains negative outlook on banksUpdated: October 30, 2014 01:50 IST
Moody’s retains negative outlook on banks
Special Correspondent
banking
The negative outlook pertains mainly to public-sector banks.
Moody’s Investors Service on Wednesday said its outlook on India’s banking system was negative, reflecting its view that high leverage in the corporate sector could prevent any meaningful recovery in asset quality over the next 12-18 months.  “The negative outlook on the Indian banking system pertains mainly to the public-sector banks, which represent more than 70 per cent of total banking-system assets,” said Gene Fang, a Moody’s Vice President and Senior Credit Officer, in a press release, on Moody's report on ‘Banking system outlookIndia’.
 “These banks have experienced higher growth rates in non-performing and restructured loans, as well as greater weakening in profits, than private-sector banks, and these trends are unlikely to improve for public-sector banks,” Mr. Gene Fang added.
 “Going forward, India’s corporate sector will remain highly levered, representing an obstacle to a cyclical recovery in asset quality.”
Moody’s base-case forecast is for GDP growth of 5 per cent for the fiscal year ending March, 2015, and 5.6 per cent for 2015-16.
 “Although the new government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi may formulate some policies within the 12-18 month horizon of this outlook, it will take longer to see an impact on the real economy,” said the report.

Govt cuts non-Plan expenditure by 10%  bans creation of new postsGovt cuts non-Plan expenditure by 10%, bans creation of new posts
Shishir Sinha
Govt officials barred from first class air travel
New Delhi, Oct 30:  
Keeping in mind lower revenue realisation till date, the Finance Ministry has issued new austerity measures, including 10 per cent cut in non-Plan expenditure and ban on creation of new posts.
“For the year 2014-15, every Ministry/Department shall effect a mandatory 10 per cent cut in non-Plan expenditure excluding interest payment, repayment of debt, Defence capital, salaries, pension and Finance Commission grants to the States, ” an office memorandum issued by the Expenditure Department of the Finance Ministry said.
Even in the last few years, such measures were announced. However, it has never specified the amount of saving through such measures.
Tour and travel
On tour and travel, the Government has made it clear that Government officials will not travel in first class. “While officers are entitled to various classes of air travel depending on seniority, utmost economy would need to be observed while exercising the choice keeping the limitations of budget in mind. However, there would be no bookings in First Class," it said.
It also advised that in all cases of air travel, the lowest air fare tickets available for entitled class are to be purchased. No companion free ticket on both domestic and international travel is to be availed of. “Facility of video conferencing may be used effectively,” it said.
Creation of new post
On creation of new post, it said that there will be a ban on creation of Plan and Non-Plan posts. At the same time, posts that have remained vacant for more than a year are not to be revived except under very rare and unavoidable circumstances and after seeking the clearance of Expenditure Department.
Giving logic for such measures, the memorandum said that these are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the Government. “In the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalise expenditure and optimise available resources,” it said.
Indirect tax collection
These measures have been announced after indirect tax collection grew mere 5.8 per cent during first six months of the current fiscal against the budgeted target of 25.8 per cent.
Though gross direct tax collection registered a growth of 15 per cent in line with the budgeted target of 15 per cent, the rate of growth for net collection (gross collection minus refund) was mere 7 per cent.
On non-tax revenue, good news is that lower crude prices and de-regulation of diesel prices is expected to have a very positive impact on subsidy payout. However, the Government is yet to kick off disinvestment plan.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

ICICI Bank Q2 net up 15% at 2 709 croreUpdated: October 31, 2014 01:05 IST
ICICI Bank Q2 net up 15% at 2,709 crore
Business Bureau
banking
ICICI Bank reported a net profit of Rs.2,709 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, a rise of 15 per cent year-on-year compared to Rs.2,352 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Net interest income increased 15 per cent to Rs.4,657 crore from Rs.4,044 crore. Non-interest income of the bank increased by 26 per cent to Rs.2,738 crore from Rs.2,166 crore.
The bank continued to grow its retail franchise and has seen healthy growth in retail assets and deposits.
“The retail book has grown…… our loan growth is more than the system growth,” said Chanda Kochhar, Managing Director & CEO, ICICI Bank, while addressing a conference call.
During the quarter, the bank added 52 branches and 292 ATMs to its network. At September 30, 2014, the Bank had 3,815 branches, of which 450 branches were low cost branches in hitherto un-banked rural areas, the Bank added. Net non-performing assets (NPAs) at September 30, 2014, were Rs.3,997 crore compared to Rs.3,474 crore at June 30, 2014 and Rs.2,707 crore at September 30, 2013.
IOB posts Rs.246 cr loss
Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) on Thursday swung into an unexpected net loss of Rs.245.51 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, as against a net profit of Rs.132.55 crore in the year-ago period.
The bank attributed the net loss to higher provisions for domestic and overseas advances and provision for treasury operations.
The operating profit of the bank was lower at Rs.729.44 crore as against Rs.791 crore. “The bank consciously contained its credit growth, resulting in lower operating profit,” said a statement.
Meanwhile, provisions and contingencies were higher by 44 per cent at Rs.892.38 crore when compared with Rs.619.9 crore in the second quarter of the previous fiscal.
Net NPA was higher at Rs.9,108.81 crore in the second quarter of this fiscal, as compared to Rs.4,875 crore in the same period last year, an increase of 86.85 per cent.

Wheels India Q2 net rises 9 %Updated: October 31, 2014 01:07 IST
Wheels India Q2 net rises 9 %
Special Correspondent
company information
Wheels India on Thursday reported a nine per cent increase in its net profit at Rs.9.51 crore on revenue of Rs.516 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, against Rs.8.73 crore on revenue of Rs.469 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
Addressing a press conference here, Managing Director Srivats Ram sounded circumspect on the outlook for the rest of the current year. Conceding that the current quarter had been sluggish, he, however, was hopeful of ‘some make-up in the fourth quarter’.
Fielding a range of questions, he said sentiments had improved. Nevertheless, he felt it was too early to conclusively declare that the ‘economy is thriving’.
Wheels India registered a 20 per cent growth in exports in the first-half. “For the first time, our export contribution to overall business has crossed 20 per cent. This could go up to 25 per cent in the longer term,” he said.
Mr. Ram said, “we are seeing signs of growth in aluminium wheels and tubeless truck wheels. We are seeing traction from customers in overseas markets, and are getting interesting projects from overseas markets.”
He indicated that the company would step up capacity in the forge aluminium wheels segment from 60,000 to 100,000 wheels over the next one year. Wheels India, he said, would be investing Rs.80 crore this year. About 40 per cent of this would be capacity-related investments, especially for exports business, he added.

New India Assurance settles 80 % of J&K flood claimsUpdated: October 31, 2014 01:05 IST
New India Assurance settles 80 % of J&K flood claims
Special Correspondent
insurance
New India Assurance, on Thursday, said the company had already made payments in 80 per cent claims from flood-affected Jammu & Kashmir and 50 per cent of claims arising out of Hudhud cyclone affected areas of Andhra Pradesh.
While the company received around 2,800 claims for about Rs.200 crore from Jammu & Kashmir, it got around 800 claims worth Rs.300 crore from the cyclone affected areas of Andhra Pradesh, especially Vizag.
Chairman and Managing Director G. Srinivasan said the reinsurance cost might increase next year due to the recent J&K and Andhra calamities. However, “these losses by global standards are not very high,” he added.
He expected premium rates to harden in the fire and corporate health segment going forward.
The underwriting losses for the first six months stood at Rs.1,060 crore, up from Rs.915 crore in the year-ago period.

Eli Lilly completes technology transfer for TB drug to Shasun ChemNEW DELHI, October 31, 2014
Updated: October 31, 2014 16:04 IST
Eli Lilly completes technology transfer for TB drug to Shasun Chem
PTI
pharmaceutical
Pharma major Eli Lilly has completed the technology transfer of multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) drug cycloserine in India to Shasun Chemicals and Drugs.
Beginning in 2003, the effort included Eli Lilly donating manufacturing technology and know-how for two antibiotics to pharmaceutical manufacturers in China, India, Russia and South Africa — all MDR-TB hot spots, the company said in a statement.
“In India, the technology transfer of second line drug cycloserine has been completed with Shasun Chemicals and Drugs,” it added. Commenting on the initiative, Lilly’s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer John Lechleiter said: “I am very proud of the fact that we looked beyond the question of can we supply these medicines..., it’s been an extraordinary story and an extraordinary accomplishment.”
Eli Lilly and Company had started transferring its manufacturing technology and know—how for capreomycin and cycloserine free of charge to seven manufacturers after consulting with global TB experts.

Sanmar group plans to invest $150 m more in Egyptian ventureUpdated: October 31, 2014 00:56 IST
Sanmar group plans to invest $150 m more in Egyptian venture
Special Correspondent
The Sanmar group is planning to inject additional investments into its Egyptian venture Trust Chemicals Industries of Egypt.
The city-based acquired Trust Chemicals in March 2007, and renamed it as TCI Sanmar Chemicals S.A.E.
The Sanmar group is planning an additional investment of $150 million in the venture to set up a new PVC plant with a capacity of two lakh tonnes, and also to increase the ethylene manufacturing capacity by 60,000 tonnes.
The Sanmar group has so far invested $1.15 billion in the projects of TCI Sanmar.
The fresh investment is part of the Phase-2 programme.
After Phase-2, the total investment of Sanmar will be around $1.30 billion, claimed to be the largest Indian investment in the chemical sector in Egypt.
TCI Sanmar Chemicals S.A.E., Port Said, runs a chemical complex to manufacture 2.75 lakh tonnes annually of caustic soda, 60,000 tonnes annually of green ethylene from ethanol, and two lakh tonnes annually of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) in Port Said.
Prime Minister of Egypt Ibrahim Mehleb visited the plant on Tuesday and lauded the scale of operations, said a release.
Mr. Mehleb reiterated the commitment of the Egyptian government to resolve all issues faced by investors, the release added.

Manappuram to buy major stake in AsirvadUpdated: October 31, 2014 00:56 IST
Manappuram to buy major stake in Asirvad
Sanjay Vijayakumar
company information
Gold loan firm Manappuram Finance Ltd. will acquire a majority stake in Chennai-based Asirvad Micro-finance Private Ltd. (AMPL), a firm in which Lok Capital has a 24 per cent stake. “Lok Capital will exit Asirvad through the sale,” a person with knowledge of the deal said on condition of anonymity.
In 2012, Lok Capital invested close to $1.75 million in AMPL for a 24 per cent stake at an undisclosed premium. In an announcement to stock exchanges, Manappuram said it would buy the majority stake through combination of secondary purchase of equity shares from certain existing shareholders and primary investment by way of subscription to equity shares in Asirvad. It did not name the existing investors.
AMPL, promoted by Mr. S V Raja Vaidyanathan, an IIT and IIM alumni, is a RBI-registered NBFC-MFI having operations in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Odhisa and Gujarat. The firm is focused on lending to poor women, who are engaged in regular income-generating economic activities. Last month, Manappuram Finance said it was looking to diversify into business of micro-finance and commercial vehicle financing.
In March this year, the company agreed to buy Milestone Home Finance Company Pvt. Ltd. (Milestone) from Jaypee Hotels Ltd. for an undisclosed amount.

Top 10 Scariest Things About Income Taxesreddit
Just in time for Halloween, I compiled a list of some of the scariest things about taxes. Even though many people feel taxes are scarier than speaking in public, for the majority of people, tax-time is the single largest cash windfall of the year.  More than 75 percent of all taxpayers get an average tax refund of $3,000 -- nothing scary about that. Here is my stab at the top 10 reasons people are afraid of income tax:
MAKING MISTAKES -- getting into trouble with the IRS because you used the wrong form, something was miscalculated, or transposed. The fear of making a mistake and having people judge you for the mistake is really scary. It's only slightly less scary than a dude with a leather mask and a chainsaw stopping to help you with your stalled car.
MISSING A DEDUCTION -- you aren't sure if it is valid or not, when you aren't certain of the right thing to do you might make a mistake - see fear #1 above; like splitting up from the group when an axe-murderer is chasing you, stop and think.  Get help if you aren't sure.
GATHERING THE PAPERWORK- all that overwhelming paperwork -- you know, the checkbook, the bank statements, and tackling that shoe box from hell.  The one in your office closet that grows and grows and grows all year long ... like the movie "The BLOB."
ENDLESS PAGES OF RULES & REGULATIONS, FORMS AND INSTRUCTIONS -- even if you understand the federal tax rules, you must also learn State rules because they are not always the same.  You think you've got it under control, but there is always another rule or regulation to take into account. Like Zombies...They just keep coming.
UNDERSTANDING ACA -- more zombie-like tax implications, this is the one that won't die! Healthcare and insurance were part of many returns in the past, but not like this.  Heed the warnings, this is complicated stuff.  If you sense danger, do not go into the basement alone.
BEING IN A HIGHER TAX BRACKET -- you finally find the courage to take that hellish box out and start your return only to find out that you somehow advanced to what feels like the Addams Family tax bracket and will pay 30%, 40%, or even 50% of your total income in taxes - dreadful indeed.
OWING A BIG CHECK - Having a balance due to the IRS is like the anti- lottery- instead of winning... you owe. And you find out you owe when money is the tightest - after the holidays.
STRESSING OUT -- Money, deadlines, complicated rules, forms, instructions and attachments, all the time it will take.  It's like that nightmare where you walk into high school class and you didn't know there was a test  AND no excuse or note from a parent will delay the inevitable.
KNOWING WHO TO TRUST -- is your accountant or tax preparer the good Dr. Jekyll or the evil Mr. Hyde?  Telling someone you barely know all of your financial secrets and personal information is intimidating especially when you see them only once a year.  Finding a Tax Pro that you can trust will help fix that.  If you aren't sure, get some recommendations or seek out a second opinion.
HAVING YOUR ID STOLEN -- Identity theft is horrible enough, but tax refund theft takes identity theft one step further.  One of the best ways to prevent your tax refund from being hijacked is to file your tax return early and electronically.  The IRS has a number of methods in place to help prevent someone else from getting your refund.
Getting your taxes prepared and filed may seem like a really scary thing, and to many people it is a scary event, but it does not need to be.
There are many things you can do to alleviate your tax return fears, starting with planning and preparation.  If you don't know how to handle a situation on your tax return be sure to seek professional help, because in reality the scariest thing would be to NOT file your taxes because the penalties for not filing are far worse than if you file but don't pay on time.
Follow Mark Steber on Twitter: www.twitter.com/marksteber
More:

Vertical dimensions to social networkingVertical dimensions to social networking
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83bbe280-5fc7-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will hawkish Fed policy statement revive the dollar rallyA new tone from the Fed Oct 30, 2014 - 1:12 pm
After a hawkish policy statement from the US Federal Reserve, Delphine Strauss, currencies correspondent, asks Michael Sneyd, currency strategist at BNP Paribas, whether this will revive the dollar rally. Also, what to expect from ECB policy makers next week - and what does the kiwi's fall tell us about the outlook for other growth-sensitive currencies?

What are the longer term repercussions of the US midterm electionsUS mid-term elections and their longer term repercussions Oct 29, 2014 - 5:02 pm
In next week's US mid-terms, the Republicans are looking to win back control of the Senate and increase their majority in the House of Representatives, giving them control of the legislative agenda and the ability to further constrain President Barack Obama during his final two years in office. Ben Hall discusses the elections and their and longer term repercussions with Richard McGregor and Ed Luce.

Mike Leighs biopic of painter JMW Turner reviewedShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Mike Leigh's Turner biopic reviewed
Oct 30, 2014 : Director Mike Leigh's biopic 'Mr Turner' is out in the UK this week. Leigh and Timothy Spall, who plays Turner, discuss their portrayal of this brilliant but difficult painter, while FT critic Antonia Quirke gives her verdict on the film.
Credits: Produced by Griselda Murray Brown. Filmed by Steve Ager. Edited by Petros Gioumpasis. Works by JMW Turner: ‘Rain, Steam, and Speed - The Great Western Railway’ (1844 ) National Gallery, London; ‘Norham Castle’ (1845) Tate; ‘The Blue Rigi’ (1841-42) Tate; ‘Snow Storm - Steam Boat off a Harbour's Mouth’ (exhibited 1842) Tate; ‘The Fighting Temeraire’ (1839) National Gallery, London; ‘Peace - Burial at Sea’ (exhibited 1842) Tate; ‘Light and Colour (Goethe's Theory) - the Morning after the Deluge - Moses Writing the Book of Genesis’ (exhibited 1843) Tate; ‘A Disaster at Sea’ (1835) Tate

Sony s Quarterly Loss Balloons on Mobile WoesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Sahara Group chief Subrata Roy pays Rs 31 lakh for Tihar Jail s  special facilitiesSahara Group chief Subrata Roy pays Rs 31 lakh for Tihar Jail's 'special facilities'
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 31 2014, 18:23  IST
Oct 31 2014, 18:23  IST
 

Starting tomorrow  ATM use over 5 times per month will attract fee of Rs 20Starting tomorrow, ATM use over 5 times per month will attract fee of Rs 20 per transaction
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 07.16PM IST
Tags:
ATM
(Using ATMs to withdraw money…)
NEW DELHI: Using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a levy of Rs 20 per transaction from tomorrow.
As per the Reserve Bank's new guidelines that comes into force from tomorrow, bank customers in six metros-- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore-- are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs 20 per use.
Besides, the number of free transactions at ATMs (Automated Teller Machines) of non-home banks has been cut to three times a month from five times.
"Taking into account the high density of ATMs, bank branches and alternate modes of payment available to customers, the number of mandatory free ATM transactions for savings bank account customers at other banks' ATMs is reduced from the present 5 to 3 transactions per month (inclusive of both financial and non-financial transactions)," RBI had said in a notification issued in August this year.
The RBI, however, clarified that nothing precludes a bank from offering more than three free transactions at other bank ATMs to its account holders if it so desires.
The cap in the number of free ATM transactions will not apply on small/no-frills or basic savings bank deposit account holders who will continue to enjoy five free transactions.
At places other than the six metro centres, the facility of five free transactions for savings bank account customers will remain unchanged upon using other bank ATMs.
India has a total of 1.6 lakh bank ATMs across the country as of March 2014.
The new guidelines were issued in pursuance of a representation made to the RBI by Indian Banks' Association on the back of growing cost of ATM deployment and maintenance incurred by banks as well as rising interchange outgo due to free transactions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Karim Seghir  American University  CairoKarim Seghir, American University in Cairo
Della Bradshaw
For Karim Seghir, being dean of a business school is about much more than teaching the finer details of company spreadsheets or the latest theories on marketing. The economics professor, who has been dean of the School of Business at the American University in Cairo since July, sees his institution as a real forum for bringing together students, business people and entrepreneurs in an attempt to help Egypt develop economically following the Arab Spring uprising in 2011.
While most business schools talk of their aspirations to attract students from disadvantaged backgrounds, the AUC is putting its money where its mouth is. Three quarters of the school’s 1,000 undergraduate students receive financial aid to study there. What is more, the school selects two of the best students from each of the country’s regions, a total of more than 50 a year, and gives them a place at the university for free. “This is life-changing for them for them,” says Prof Seghir.
More
Geoffrey Garrett, Wharton School
It is a policy that few business schools in Europe or North America could even contemplate, but one that is vital in Egypt, where 50 per cent of the population are under the age of 25. Prof Seghir, who was educated in France and Tunisia and taught in Beirut before joining AUC in 2011, places great faith in these students.
“This young generation have done the impossible politically, they should be allowed to do the impossible economically,” he says. “I am really optimistic about economic growth. There is an unprecedented will for change.”
He is the first to admit that past three years have posed real difficulties for the business school, in particular deterring overseas students from studying and working there. But this was not always the case. More than 40 per cent of the alumni from the business school are non-Egyptians, and with all programmes at the business school taught in English, the largest number of international alumni come from the US.
More video
In his plans to reposition the school, Prof Seghir is hoping to diversify by developing relationships with business schools in countries such as China, Brazil and South Africa. “Business schools must be diverse by design,” he says, pointing to Insead as his role model. “Business schools must be global.”
In spite of the political and social issues in Egypt, the AUC has developed a formidable international reputation. The university started teaching business courses as far back as 1947 and it is the only business school in the Arab region to be accredited by the AACSB, the US accreditation body, Equis, the Brussels-based equivalent, and the Association of MBAs, in London. Achieving triple accreditation brought more than international acclaim.
“The three accreditations got the whole school together around an agenda.” says Prof Seghir. “A lot of people didn’t believe in it at the beginning, but we got everybody on board. It wasn’t an easy journey but we changed the view of continuous improvement.”
The hallmark of AUC’s teaching has been in developing entrepreneurs for the region. Entrepreneurship is a subject on the lips of every business school dean these days, but in Egypt the role of the entrepreneur is different, says the AUC dean. “The biggest difference is that they [entrepreneurs in Egypt] are entrepreneurs by necessity,” says Prof Seghir. “Their businesses are not scalable.”
This is one of the issues Prof Seghir hopes to tackle through the school’s incubator, which has been designed to bring together entrepreneurs from the wider Egyptian community with students, angel investors and venture capitalists.
The business school has also set up a case writing centre, publishing cases about businesses in the region. “It won’t work if you just import cases from Havard and Stanford,” says the dean.
In spite of the political and social crisis in Egypt, the business school still has an extensive executive education business – AUC teaches some 5,000 executives a year. Last years the school started an Executive MBA – an MBA for working manages – to complement its full-time MBA , which has been graduated students for more than 30 years. The school also teaches a masters degree in finance and one in economic development.
For Prof Seghir the development of the school creates a real imperative to find additional sources of income. As he says, “The money we are getting now is not enough to fund the needs of the school.” Arguably this will prove to be the biggest challenge of all for AUC’s new dean.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Oil producers game of chickenA game of ‘chicken’ threatens the oil production balance
Izabella Kaminska
Expectations are in flux at the prospect of a world awash with crude, writes Izabella Kaminska
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4de00c36-5ec3-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

If I paint a masterpiece on a stolen canvas Comments
By Ward Farnsworth (guest-blogging) October 31
Here is a last puzzle from the law of restitution . A hospital treats you in an emergency. It sends the bill to an insurance company that is thought to provide your coverage, and the company pays the hospital the full amount due — say, $50,000. Then the insurance company discovers that the payment was a mistake. You do not have insurance there; maybe your policy had lapsed, or you were confused with someone else who had a similar name. Now what?
The insurance company has a good restitution claim against you because it paid a debt that should have been yours. But you might not be able to pay the claim, so the insurance company will likely demand its money back from the hospital. Yet the hospital usually wins. This seems very strange. The hospital was reimbursed by the insurance company, but that was a mistake; the company owed the hospital nothing. Yet the company can’t get its money back. Why?
The answer is that the hospital has a defense against the insurance company’s restitution claim. The hospital can describe itself as a “bona fide creditor.” When the hospital received the money, it wasn’t unjustly enriched; it was owed money, and received it. The fact that the party who paid the money didn’t owe it is merely a detail!
There are endless interesting questions in the law of restitution — interesting to me, anyway, and maybe to you — that there hasn’t been enough time and space to mention this week. I cut down your trees and use them to make chairs, then get caught; do you get the chairs? If I paint a masterpiece on a canvas stolen from you, what do you get then?
What about the house I mentioned on the first day of these entries — the one you mistakenly built on my land while I watched? Do I get your house, do you get my land, or is the answer somewhere in between? Or, to return to another question from the first day, suppose I pay a bribe to a judge, and he defaults. The contract is illegal, of course, so I have no remedy under the law of contract. But can I use a restitution claim to at least get my money back?
These are, I think, delightful problems, and the principles at stake in them arise in litigation often, even if they usually take less colorful form. They seem like basic questions that most law school graduates would be able to answer, but they aren’t. For historical reasons, mostly flukes, most lawyers are never taught much about recovery for unjust enrichment. I’ve tried to make it easy and fun in this book. I encourage you to check it out if you’ve enjoyed this week’s discussion. Thanks to Eugene and the rest of the crew for having me in!

Scientists succeed in giving a record number of their patients migrainesBy Rachel Feltman October 31 Follow @rachelfeltman
Science can be a real pain. (Bigstock)
Sometimes the process of scientific discovery can be a real headache. In a recent Danish study , scientists were thrilled to give painful migraines to 86 percent of their study subjects.
Migraines are a particularly painful mystery for researchers to solve: More than 10 percent of people worldwide are affected by these intense headaches, but no one has been able to pinpoint a specific cause. What makes these headaches, which can cause incapacitating pain and nausea, different from all other headaches?
That's why scientists had to make their patients suffer -- researchers keep trying to trigger migraines using different mechanisms. The more successful they are, the more likely it is that the mechanism being tested is actually a common cause of migraines. And once we know what the common causes are, we can try to develop better treatments that target them.
In this case the 86 percent "success" rate, which the researchers say is much higher than results with other triggers, was owed to increases of a naturally occurring substance called cyclic AMP, or cAMP.
Our bodies use cAMP to dilate blood vessels, so an increase of it can increase the flow of blood. To see if cAMP might cause migraines, the researchers dosed their subjects with cilostazol, a drug that increases cAMP concentrations in the body.
Of the 14 study participants (all of whom were migraine patients) 12 developed a headache after taking cilostazol that gradually turned into a standard migraine attack. Most of them were able to treat the symptoms successfully with their usual migraine medication, which the researchers hope means they were having genuine migraines. When given a placebo, only two of the 14 participants had migraines.
This is obviously a very small study, so these researchers and others will have to reproduce their results on a much larger scale before we can know that cAMP is a migraine culprit.
But for now, let's give a hand to the test subjects who let scientists give them headaches in the name of science. That's pretty big of them.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

AAP begins preparation for by-polls  meets its youth wing and social media teamPrint
Arvind Kejriwal held multiple meetings with different wings of AAP, including its MLAs, youth wing and social media team. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:54 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 10:09 pm
Aam Aadmi Party on Friday kick started its preparations for the upcoming by-elections in the national capital which will be fought on three Assembly seats next month.
At an internal party meeting held at the party’s office, senior leaders, including party Chief Arvind Kejriwal, held multiple meetings with different wings of AAP, including its MLAs, youth wing and social media team.
“By-elections are happening on three seats and we have started preparing for that. Party MLAs met in Delhi and there are meetings on with different volunteer groups of the party,” senior party leader Manish Sisodia said.
Sisodia indicated that existing MLAs from the party would have an important role to play in the bypolls.
“MLAs would play a significant role in these elections. People recognise them now, they have experience of fighting an election and also winning it. They all will go to the areas of their respective Assembly constituencies for campaigning,” Sisodia said.
However, the names of the candidates for the by-elections have not been disclosed as yet. The last date for submitting nominations is November 5.
On the issue of the Lt Governor calling parties for a possible government formation in Delhi, Sisodia said, “Till now I haven’t heard if anyone has been called by the Lt Governor with regard to government formation. But we hope that something will be done before the next hearing in the Supreme Court on November 11.”
The bypolls have been necessitated after three BJP MLAs– Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Parvesh Verma–were elected to Parliament. The elections to the three seats will be held on November 25.

Bank of Japan redoubles efforts to revive economyBank of Japan redoubles efforts to revive economy
Slew of labour troubles mar govt s Make in India pushSlew of labour troubles mar govt s Make in India push
Nokia to suspend Chennai ops tomorrow; fin package for staffNokia to suspend Chennai ops tomorrow; fin package for staff
Gateway Distriparks  Q2 consolidated net jumps 41% to Rs 48crGateway Distriparks  Q2 consolidated net jumps 41% to Rs 48cr
Bhopal gas tragedy fugitive Warren Anderson dies; survivors say he died unpunishedPrint
Anderson reached Bhopal four days after the accident, where he was immediately arrested. But after quickly paying bail, he never returned to face trial. (Source: AP)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi/bhopal | Posted: October 31, 2014 10:55 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 1:40 pm
Warren Anderson , chairman of the Union Carbide Corporation when a gas leak from its Bhopal plant killed over 3,700 people in December 1984, died at a hospital near his home in Florida more than a month ago. Word of his death filtered out early Friday and was received with regret in Bhopal by families of the victims and those fighting on their behalf for compensation and rehabilitation.
The New York Times reported that Anderson died on September 29 but it was not announced by his family. He was 92.
N D Jayaprakash, co-convenor of the Bhopal Gas Peedith Sangharsh Sahayog Samiti (BGPSSS), said: “This will be a regret forever. There never was any intention of any Indian government to get him back to India to stand trial and prosecute him for his crime. It is tragic that while thousands of gas victims have suffered and waited years for justice, the criminal was allowed to lead a comfortable life and die a peaceful death. The victims will forever feel cheated by their own government which allowed him to go unpunished.”
Bhopal Gas Disaster survivors protest in front of the poster of Warren Anderson, wanted in the gas leak, in front of Union Carbide Factory in Bhopal on Friday. (Source: PTI )
Anderson’s death went unnoticed for a month before The New York Times accessed the information from public records. The Union Carbide was held responsible for leakage of toxic methyl isocyanate, used in the production of pesticides, from its Bhopal factory.
“In Indian tradition, we do not speak bad about anyone who has died. But it will no doubt be a regret that someone whose negligence led to deaths of thousands of people was never brought to book, thanks to a political and administrative nexus that sabotaged criminal justice system. His extradition to India was never pursued seriously,” said Sanjay Parikh, a lawyer representing the victims in various cases in the Supreme Court.
The BGPSSS issued a statement in which it called on the present government to expedite the trial of other accused.
“Successive governments at the Centre are guilty of lowering the prestige of the Indian judicial system by trying to project the Indian judicial system as a hapless institution incapable of trying and prosecuting a foreign accused who is charged with committing heinous crimes against the people of India. If the present government at the Centre has any intention or commitment to uphold the dignity of the people of India… it must forthwith take necessary action to bring other representatives continued…

Africa asks:  If Burkina Faso can do it  why can t weAfrica asks:  If Burkina Faso can do it  why can t we
India to give Sri Lanka Rs.5 mn for mudslide disaster reliefIndia to give Sri Lanka Rs.5 mn for mudslide disaster relief
INS Kora scraped by merchant vessel  minor damages causedPrint
The navy said there has been no damage to the watertight integrity of the ship or any injuries or loss of life. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Visakhapatnam/new Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:14 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 11:38 pm
Indian naval ship Kora was scraped by a foreign merchant vessel early on Friday, about 300 NM at sea from Visakhapatnam, which led to “minor damages” on its side.
The navy said there has been no damage to the watertight integrity of the ship or any injuries or loss of life.
It described the incident as a “minor accident” and added that a Board of Inquiry (BoI) is being constituted to investigate into the circumstances leading to the incident.
“INS Kora has reported minor damages to her ship’s side,” an official statement said.
Navy sources said the accident occurred at about 3.00 AM when merchant vessel Madelieine Rickmers, carrying a flag of Marshall Island, scraped INS Kora, a missile corvette.
INS Kora and INS Gaj were on passage from Visakhapatnam to Port Blair when the accident occurred.
The merchant vessel, a 23,000-tonne cargo ship, was coming from Chittagong in Bangladesh to Colombo.
Following the incident, the ship was stopped and a verification done by naval personnel.
The sources said it will be allowed to continue its journey once they get the written commitment from the ship company that it will cooperate in the BoI.

Virgin Galactic Spaceship Has in-Flight ProblemThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Anatomy of Friday s big bounceanatomy of friday s big bounce
EU seeks talks with Russia over goods duties: WTOEU seeks talks with Russia over goods duties: WTO
India set to grow at 6.5% over next 10 years: McKinseyIndia set to grow at 6.5% over next 10 years: McKinsey
PM Modi s Austerity Measure: No New Posts  No First-Class Air TravelIndia's Forex Reserves Up $1.432 Billion to $316.311 Billion
The Finance Ministry on Thursday ordered small-bore austerity measures including a ban on holding meetings at five-star hotels and first class air travel as it tries to trim the fiscal deficit to a seven-year low.
These measures also include a ban on creation of new posts in government. "Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The austerity measures will include a 10 per cent cut in non-plan, or discretionary, expenditure. Interest and debt payments, the defence budget, salaries and pensions will not be affected, the statement said.
The Narendra Modi government has set a challenging fiscal deficit target at Rs 5.31 lakh crore, or 4.1 per cent of the GDP (gross domestic product) for the current fiscal year.
India's fiscal deficit touched nearly 75 per cent of the full-year target, or Rs 3.97 lakh crore, in just the first five months of the fiscal year (April-August).
The fiscal deficit - gap between government expenditure and revenue - was pegged at 4.5 per cent of GDP in 2013-14.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 15:10 (IST)

The geopolitics of cheap oilThe geopolitics of cheap oil
STANLY JOHNY
Tweet
Saudi Arabia and US have engineered a glut to squeeze rivals, Russia and Iran. But after that, can OPEC bounce back?
We live in interesting times — of geopolitical risks and curious happenings in the oil market. The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria has captured swathes of territories in Iraq, one of the major oil producers in the world. The Sunni militant group is already controlling some oil fields in Eastern Syria and the crude produced from these fields are sold in the black market.
Libya is far from stabilised. Russia, another major energy producer, is in a protracted standoff with the West over Ukraine. Geopolitical instabilities usually drive up crude prices because of the risk of supply disruption.
But just the opposite is happening now. Prices have fallen about 20 per cent in world markets since June. The global oil benchmark, Brent crude, is now trading around $85 a barrel.
The two economic reasons cited to explain this trend are an increase in oil production, mainly in North America, and an economic slowdown in Asia and Europe that has lowered demand.
China, the world’s largest energy consumer, has slowed down recently. The country is forecast to grow 7.5 per cent this year, down from 10.5 per cent in 2010. Demand from Europe is likely to remain flat as European economies are still far from a recovery.
On the contrary
On the production front, the North American crude is putting pressure on prices. US crude oil output is up almost 80 per cent since 2008, supplying an extra 3.9 million barrels a day (mbd). Canadian oil sands have added another 1 mbd to North American supply over the same period.
According to consultancy firm IHS, output in countries outside the Opec (Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) will increase by 1.7 mbd in 2014, compared with demand growth of just 0.9 mbd.
Usually in such situations of oversupply, oil producers would cut output to prop up prices. Saudi Arabia, the world’s largest oil producer that accounts for almost one-third of the Opec’s production, had done that earlier.
But what makes the present oil price fall different is that major producers are boosting output instead of cutting it. Opec boosted production in September, pumping 30.47 mbd, the most since August 2013, it said in its latest monthly Oil Market Report on October 10. Saudi Arabia increased output 107,000 barrels to 9.704 mbd in September. Besides, on October 1, the Kingdom lowered prices by increasing the discount it offered its key Asian customers, sending a strong signal that it’s ready to live with lower prices.
War by other means
However, that’s not the end of the story. Several analysts, including New York Times columnist Thomas L Friedman, had pointed to a likely global “pump war” between the US and Saudi Arabia on one side and Russia and Iran on the other. Both the Saudis and the Americans see the Russia-Iranian axis as a threat to their interests. Russia and Iran are the staunchest allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad against whom Saudi Arabia has been waging a proxy war with support from the West since 2011.
Besides, the Shia Iran is a traditional rival of — both in ideological and geopolitical terms — Saudi Arabia in West Asia, while the growing tension between the US and Russia in recent months is hardly a secret.
So the argument goes that the Saudis are deliberately keeping the oil prices down to hurt Russia and Iran, something which is in the strategic interest of the US as well.
As of now, Saudi Arabia is comfortable with lower prices. At the current oil prices (Brent for December was trading at $86.44 a barrel on Wednesday), their annual loss is estimated at $40 billion.
For a country that sits on foreign reserves worth almost $800 billion, this loss is manageable. But that’s not the case with Russia and Iran. Oil revenues account for 45 per cent of Russia’s budget.
The Kremlin’s 2014 budget was based on oil prices averaging $117 a barrel. For 2015, the budget has been pegged at $100 a barrel, which means the current price of below $90 is already eating into the Russian government’s revenues.
US-based private intelligence company Stratfor reported in early October, quoting Russian finance ministry officials, that lower oil prices could shave off 2 per cent of Russia’s GDP.
Iran shares the same concerns. The country needs oil prices at around $130 a barrel to balance its national budget (see the table).
The economy had been struggling for years due to western sanctions. President Hassan Rouhani got some leeway to jump-start economic growth after sanctions were eased in November last year following an interim agreement between Tehran and Western capitals.
But falling oil prices will end that momentum. In other words, while continued weakening of oil prices will not immediately affect Saudi Arabia, it will hit both Russian and Iranian economies.
The Western sanctions on Russia will have more bite, while Iran’s position will be weakened against the West in the ongoing nuclear talks.
Moreover, supporters of this plan say weakening economies may force Russia and Iran back off from extending support to the embattled Syrian regime, giving the Saudis more space to manoeuvre in the region. It’s a perfect plan. But global politics is too complicated and volatile for perfect plans.
Downside risks
There are two downside risks to this plan. One is, of course, the question that for how long the prices will remain low, or how long Saudi Arabia can stay healthy with lower prices.
Will the Kingdom be able to reverse the trend once it wants the prices to go up again? In the absence of a coherent strategy by all Opec countries — which is highly unlikely — it will be difficult for the Saudis alone to prop up the prices because, if the current trend persists, market will be awash with cheap oil in a few years. Then Riyadh will have to undertake huge cuts in production, which will hit its economy.
The second risk is that a possible Saudi-Western conspiracy to economically corner Russia will pivot Moscow further towards East. Putin has already sealed a $400-billion, 30-year gas deal with China.
Crude oil geopolitics will create more conditions for an enhanced Sino-Russian cooperation, which the US is already seeing as a long-term strategic threat. So it’s uncertain where this “pump war” will lead us to; what’s certain is that it’s party time for consumer countries such as China, India and Japan. And they are poised to best make use of the situation.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Chicago as an innovation hubChicago as an innovation hub
Chicago as an innovation hub
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, addresses Chicago becoming an innovation hub. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, addresses Chicago becoming an innovation hub. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)

What PR Pros Can Learn from Millennial Queen Taylor Swiftreddit
To the joy of fans and pain of nonbelievers, Taylor Swift is everywhere. In the weeks leading up to the release of her new album 1989, Swift launched a worldwide campaign to generate anticipation. On newsstands, she gazes out from the covers of Rolling Stone, Vogue UK, People and InStyle. She appeared on Good Morning America and is scheduled to sit down with Robin Roberts, the ladies of The View and Jimmy Kimmel. This traditional publicity is impressive but hardly revolutionary for an international pop star. Many performers utilize high-profile photo shoots and interviews to sell music, but Swift's masterful use of digital media has driven her meteoric rise to the top of the charts.
While trying to stroll leisurely through Central Park with TSwift, a Rolling Stone reporter described the circus that ensued, with swelling crowds and flashing cameras overpowering the pair. Her digital identity is similarly snowballing. @taylorswift13 has nearly 46 million followers and her Instagram account boasts more than 12.5 million, both numbers are now undoubtedly old statistics as her supporters continue to pile on. Her romantic advice may be questionable, but her digital strategy is brilliant. Here are three lessons PR pros can learn from Taylor Swift:
Know and relate to your audience
Swift understands her audience and articulates their struggles. While most have never dated a notorious heartthrob, they all know the pain of being dumped. Few average teenagers have been insulted by Kanye West at an awards show, but most recognize the sting of being bullied. Swift knows what rouses emotion for her demographic and speaks directly to those feelings. "Watching TV with my cat while eating Toy Story fruit snacks. So basically I'm 80 and 5 at the same time," Swift tweeted, knowing that every girl has enjoyed the comfort of a Friday night on the couch. The majority of Swift's Instagram photos are not of glamorous scenes but everyday moments. Snapshots of homemade cookies, her cats and Starbucks cups resonate more than unrealistic airbrushed images, making her far more relatable than any Kardashian.
Have themes carried throughout different platforms
Distinct themes run through Swift's music and are transmitted seamlessly throughout her brand, including social media. Critics can debate her feminism but her ability to communicate messages effectively is undeniable. She has stated 1989 is inspired by the music and spirit of her birth year. Consequently, her profile pictures feature Swift looking like a millennial Debbie Harry in heavy makeup and a porous white top. The songs reference Polaroids, handwritten notes and red lipstick. They are set in forests and bedrooms and on New York City streets. These motifs are reinforced daily online. In the days leading up to the surprise release of "Out of the Woods," Swift posted photos she had taken of wooded landscapes. Themes give brands cohesiveness, in and out of the digital world.
Show appreciation and engage with the audience in a meaningful way
Personally responding to every fan is unrealistic. Swift's posts typically receive thousands of comments. When she does answer, however, Swift is gracious and personal. In September, a 14-year-old girl commented on Instagram that she dreaded starting high school because she was cruelly bullied. Swift responded with a five-paragraph letter about how she too was picked on but was able to overcome the negativity by not giving credence to other people's opinions and being proud to be herself. "Every time someone picks on me, I'll think of you in the hopes that every time someone picks on you, you'll think of me and how we have this thread that connects us," Swift wrote. Composing one thoughtful message is more effective and demonstrates greater gratitude than thousands of superficial ones.
The digital persona Swift created will continue to serve her in the musical and personal chapters ahead. Last week, a glitch in the Canadian version of iTunes caused a 1989 song to be released as eight seconds of static noise. The track immediately climbed to number one on the charts, demonstrating both Swift's marketability and the frenzy surrounding the record. Many have commented on Swift's evolution as a musician, but her digital progression is also noteworthy for those of us in the communications business. Her keen understanding of the millennial generation goes far beyond their doomed romances, giving her a throne in the online world they inhabit.
Follow Keegan Bales on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KeeganBalesPR
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Editorial: Future FlightE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Profit warningE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tim Cook Not Alone  They re Openly Gay TooYou are here: Home Industries
Tim Cook Not Alone, These Honchos Are Openly Gay Too
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: October 31, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Government to Amend Consumer Law to Protect E-commerce Customers
Apple CEO Tim Cook coming out in the open about being gay may be all the buzz right now, but he's not the first or the only business honcho to open up about his sexuality. There is, in fact, a Forbes list of LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) billionaires, which boasts of business leaders at the helm of large corporations.
Tim Cook may be rich, really famous, and is now out in the open, but he still would have not made it to the list that came out earlier this year, as the Apple chief is not a billionaire. Mr Cook's net worth is valued at around $400 million.
On top of 'The World's LGBT Billionaires' list is media mogul David Geffen with an estimated net worth of $6.1 billion. Mr Geffen launched the musical careers of bands like the Eagles, Aerosmith and Guns N' Roses.
He is followed by Jennifer Pritzker, who according to Forbes became the first and only transgender billionaire in the world when she announced she would be identifying herself as a woman for all business and personal undertakings, in August last year. Worth an estimated $1.8 billion, she is the CEO of private wealth management firm Tawani Enterprises.
Domenico Dolce, one half of luxury fashion house Dolce & Gabbana, rounds off the top three with assets worth $1.65 billion. Stefano Gabbana, his business partner and one-time boyfriend is also in the list with an estimated worth of $1.4 billion.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 15:32 (IST)

ITC Ltd quarterly profit at Rs 2 425.16 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall St eyes record after BoJ boostS&P 500 ends at record after BoJ boost
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ecde5a-60aa-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chicago nursing home owner Aviv to be bought for $3 billionLong Term Care
Chicago-based Aviv REIT to be bought for $3 billion
Chicago-based nursing home owner Aviv REIT is being acquired by a Maryland competitor in a $3 billion stock deal.
Aviv shareholders will receive the equivalent of $34.97 in Omega Healthcare Investors stock for each Aviv share. Aviv stock closed Thursday at $30.10.
Taylor Pickett, chief executive of Hunt Valley, Md.-based Omega, will be chief executive officer of the combined company. Craig Bernfield, current Aviv chairman and chief executive, will join the board of the combined company.

HALLOWEEN READING: Bewitching Wytches summons some of Scott Snyders deepest real-life fears“Wytches.” (courtesy of Image Comics)
 
SCOTT SNYDER is no stranger to fear.
The renowned writer of some of the industry’s most talked-about comic books used the Joker to send chills up the spine of Batman and his multitude of sidekicks in the DC Comics Bat-tale “Death of the Family,” And Snyder has humans and vampires alike running from a mysterious being called the Gray Trader in DC/Vertigo’s “American Vampire.”
Now, Snyder is once again taking his fans to a very dark place. This time, it’s the woods in his new title “Wytches,” a creator-owned collaboration with artist/good friend Jock (“Scalped”) for Image Comics.
So given his penchant for writing about things that lurk in the shadows, is there anything that Snyder fears that helps fuel his scary tales?
“Writing Batman, I can’t be afraid of anything, ever. So I have no fear,” Snyder told The Post’s Comic Riffs with a laugh.
Jokes aside, though, Snyder says there is one thing that at times can keep him in a cold sweat — a fear he hasn’t been able to shake despite being a grown man who reminds himself that monsters and goblins don’t exist.
Snyder can name that fear in one word: parenthood.
“The thing that I think keeps you terrified all the time is being a parent,” Snyder said. “For me, ['Wytches'] is really about the terror that you feel as a parent at your own inability to protect your children from things in the world. You do the best you can, but you can’t protect them all day every day, and the thing you really can’t protect them from is the cruelty or the behavior of other people when you’re not around.
“You don’t have to worry about a monster in a closet the way your kid worried about that,” Snyder continued. “But as they get older, you worry about people being cruel to them. You worry about something terrible happening to them. All of those kinds of things.”
The first issue of “Wytches,” which hit newsstands and digital devices early this month, starts with a dictionary definition of the word “witch” scratched out by one of the creatures in the book. This is Snyder letting readers know there won’t be any long noses, warts and evil laughs.
“We’re trying to really signal that the witches in our series are very different from the green-skin, goofy-hat, broom-riding hags that you see in other movies and books and comics,” Snyder told Comic Riffs.
Readers also get an introduction to the Rooks family, the main protagonists, at least for the first arc of the story. Charlie, the father, is a man giving his family a new start after the two loves of his life (wife Lucy and daughter Sailor) have been through terrible tragedies. Lucy was in a car accident that left her unable to walk. Sailor’s tragedy is much scarier, but we won’t reveal, as she is the family member with a seemingly strong, yet still unidentified connection to the witches/wytches in the comic. We can say: Sailor is fighting demons, but struggling with realities she can accept.
Snyder hopes that readers will respond positively to Sailor. He says she’s a character who shows considerable bravery — not just in dealing with the mystery of possible monsters lurking in the trees behind her house, but she is also someone who shows strength against bullies (an entirely different kind of monster), as well.
“We wanted to really introduce her as a character that hopefully you like and become attached to quickly, just based on her personality and her bravery and her humor and all the things that I love about her,” Snyder said. “Once her larger and spookier sorts of connections to the wytches become clear, you’re sort of attached to her for more fundamental reasons.”
So what do we make of these “Wytches?”
According to Snyder, they live deep in the woods and can only eat human flesh, but they are equipped with an incredible knowledge of natural science only known to them. They can create grinds and mixtures that can cure all kinds of things that modern medicine can’t.
“The idea was: Can we make a monster that’s scary physically, terrifying to look at. But it’s also really scary because they’ll only come after you if one of your neighbors has pledged you or marked you.”
“The wytches in our series are really bestial, animalistic, almost primitive sort of off shoots of humanity. They’re not magical. They’re kind of mutations almost [that] live deep in the woods.”
Snyder realized he had a story on his hands when he went for a jog around the woods, near a house that his parents owned. As a child, he and a friend would go “witch hunting” with bats in those same woods. One day, his friend thought he saw a monster and wanted to leave. Snyder laughed, but admitted to leaving the woods with his head on a swivel. During his jog years later, Snyder looked into the woods and was positive he saw what his friend had seen all those years ago. He knew whatever he thought he saw wasn’t real. But the thought of if it got him thinking. “Wytches” would be born soon after.
Snyder wasn’t the only one who thought whatever he saw made a great story. The rights to “Wytches” were bought by Plan B Entertainment, Brad Pitt’s production company — a development that has been a thrilling experience for Snyder.
“It’s hugely exciting. I’ve never done anything that I owned and was able to sell,” Snyder said. “Having something that I’m really proud of that I did with one of my best friends, Jock, and Matt Hollingsworth (the colorist on “Wytches”), it’s just been hugely gratifying in itself,” Snyder said of Plan B’s possibly developing “Wytches” into a film one day.
Before he can picture Pitt or Angelina Jolie in a “Wytches” role, though, Snyder says he first wants roles for himself and Jock.
“I made this joke when we were talking to [Plan B]. I said ‘the one stipulation is that we get to play bumbling cops.’ I suddenly realized: Wait, they can actually make that happen. But you probably won’t be seeing us as cops,” Snyder joked.
Whether he and his pal ever get such roles, Snyder talks with joyful passion about being able to collaborate with Jock on the artwork for the title.
“He’s one of my real close friends in the world. I got my start with him,” Snyder says of his beginnings with Jock. “The first big superhero gig I got was Detective Comics, back in 2010. I signed on the end of 2009 and I knew right away, I knew his art from ‘Scalped’ and a couple of other things, and I had heard about him from the people at Vertigo, about how great he was as a person.”
Snyder says Jock was the first and only artist he considered for “Wytches.”
As for now being a part of the Image Comics family, Snyder says it is everything he thought it would be.
“Yeah, it’s a huge deal for me. Todd McFarlane, Rob Liefeld, Jim Lee, Erik Larsen — these guys were my superstars,” he said. “Founding [Image Comics] was such a daring and bold move to say, ‘We’re going to now own our own characters instead of working for these two giant companies [Marvel and DC Comics].’
“It has a history that I think everyone there is very proud of, and I’m very proud to be a part of it.”

Wall St. opens higher on surprise BOJ stimulusWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

BNP bounces back to profit after fineBNP Paribas bounces back to profit following record US fine
Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/414a60a6-60db-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC to set aside 400m for forex probeHSBC to set aside £400m for forex probe
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce493b68-60fd-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Consumer Sentiment Index Reaches 7-Year HighThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41/litre  diesel rate lowered by Rs 2.25You are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41/litre, diesel rate lowered by Rs 2.25
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 08.29PM IST
Tags:
Delhi
(The reduction in rates of…)
NEW DELHI: Petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.41 per litre from Saturday and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre which is its first price reduction by state-run retailers after the government allowed them to align its pump prices with the international oil market.
Falling international oil prices have sharply reduced retail prices of diesel and petrol. Diesel rates have dropped by about 10% in about two weeks that would dampen inflation and cheer consumers ahead of assembly elections in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir.
The government on Oct 18 deregulated diesel prices and reduced its retail price by Rs 3.37 per litre in Delhi.
State oil marketing firms on Friday decided to reduce petrol and diesel prices. Decrease in retail price of petrol by Rs. 2.41 per litre in Delhi is inclusive of local taxes.
Similarly, diesel price is reduced by Rs 2.25 per litre in Delhi. Consumer price reduction in different cities would vary depending on local levies, Indian Oil Corporation said in a statement.
IOC said "the international prices of both petrol and diesel have continued to be on a downtrend. The rupee-dollar exchange rate has appreciated slightly since the last price change.
The combined impact of both these factors warrant the said decrease in retail selling prices of petrol and diesel".
Auto Fuel Rates (in Rs/litre)
Brent crude dropped to a four-year low of $82.60 per barrels two weeks ago from above $115 in June. It was trading at around $86 per barrel on Friday.
This is the sixth consecutive petrol price cut since Aug 1 after its retail price peaked at Rs 73.6 per litre in Delhi. Companies, which enjoy pricing freedom for petrol since June 2010, have reduced its price by over Rs 9 a litre in last three months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Finance Ministry gets new team of officersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41/ltr  diesel rate lowered by Rs 2.25E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1zRvUDcFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
Video Keywords the Fed stock market S&P Dallas America's
There’s an old saying that the more things change, the more they stay the same; that’s exactly the case on Wall Street now that the Federal Reserve has finally stuck a fork in its stock-friendly stimulus program, known as QE. Video by Jason Allen Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  There's an old saying that the more things change the
00:02  more they stay the same. That's exactly the case on Wall
00:05  Street now that the fellow reserve has finally stuck to work
00:07  its stock for only stimulus program north QB. Hi I'm David
00:12  Craig and this is America's markets. Back in September of defense
00:20  or to lose on track and its bond buying program known
00:23  as quantitative easing. And sure enough on Wednesday the Fed senators
00:26  doing exactly. The various phases of Q we have been credited
00:30  would be a big driver for Wall Street's powerful Stockwell the
00:32  past four years. Pick your rug like that out when or
00:35  if the stock market would obviously have a big effect right.
00:38  Partly. On September 17 the day the Fed's last meeting ended
00:43  the Dodgers industrials closed at 7157. Which was not a record.
00:47  Following the Fed's announcement this week that was did and impunity
00:51  the Dallas forty points above that level or just half percent
00:54  from your hard. Granted a lot of happened when the market
00:57  retriever you're fed millions and that's just a bad memory now.
01:00  It's what we read into this just that all the concern
01:03  though Wall Street being able to wean itself off the steady
01:05  stream additional joy juice from the Fed. Has so far proved
01:09  groundless you can make your case the conditions are good for
01:12  stock investors get back to business as usual and focus on
01:15  the fundamentals. And speaking out fundamentals the news on earnings front
01:18  might be helping these Anhui withdrawal parents. They also expect S&P
01:22  five hundreds of square can be up nearly 9% from the
01:25  year ago. According to Thomson Reuters and Merrill more than halfway
01:28  through the earnings season three quarters of companies are doing even
01:31  better than expected.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:50 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Two benchmark stock indexes closed at record highs Friday, on the last trading day of a month that was a roller coaster ride for investors.
Driving the rally: Huge and surprising moves by Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Japan's Nikkei 225 took a super-sized 4.8% leap, starting a global stocks rally that ended on Wall Street with strong market gains.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 195.10 points, 1.1%, to 17,390.52 -- its highest close since Aug. 19, when it finished at 17,279.74. The Standard & Poor's 500 added 23.40 points, 1.2%, to close at 2018.05 -- its highest close since Aug. 18, when it finished at 2011.36. And the Nasdaq composite index ended at a 14 1/2-year high, gaining 64.60 points, 1.4%, to close at 4630.74.
The tech-packed Nasdaq climbed as high as 4641.51 in early trading -- its highest level in more than 14 years -- before retreating a tad. At its peak, the Nasdaq was at its highest level since March 29, 2000.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note ended 2.33%, up from 2.31% Thursday. And the price of crude oil keeps falling. On Friday, it lost another 54 cents to end at $80.58 a barrel.
Exxon 3Q profits up on refining boost
Japan markets were catapulted higher on a double dose of good news.
The country's central bank announced it will boost asset purchases in an effort to jump-start its lagging economy and try to boost inflation, which is dangerously low. Also, Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) surprised markets by announcing a major shift in where it will invest its assets, which total nearly 127 trillion yen -- about $1.1 trillion -- according to Citibank. The GPIF said it was making a major shift in its investment strategy and plans to substantially boost its investments in higher-risk assets, such as stocks.
In what amounts to a massive easing in monetary policy by Japan in its fight to stave off deflation, the Japanese central bank upped the amount of money it is pumping into the system. The announcement, which caught investors by surprise, also included new and more aggressive asset purchases.
The Bank of Japan said it would boost its purchases of domestic government bonds, buy more long-term bonds, as well as exchange traded funds that track Japan's benchmark stock index and real estate investment trusts.
"The Bank of Japan surprised markets," Barclays told clients in a report.
The floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Theodorakis, Getty Images)
The GPIF announced that it plans to double its investments in both Japanese stocks and foreign stocks, boosting the share of the fund's investment pie for each asset class to 25% from 12%. At the same time, it slashed its target for domestic Japanese bonds to 35% from 60%.
The move by the GPIF is bullish for stocks as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The Nikkei ended up gaining a whopping 755.56 points. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index rose 1.3%. The Shanghai composite gained 1.2%.
European benchmarks also ended higher Friday, with France's CAC 40 adding 2.2%, Germany's DAX 30 index up 2.1% and Britain's FTSE 100 up 1%.
12 hideous ways to lose money in October, from @mattkrantz http://t.co/prXVjrJqcT Photo: @GettyImages pic.twitter.com/ZeetJDwyJl
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

NATO warns Russia over Ukraine rebel pollsNATO warns Russia over Ukraine rebel polls
Doctors of the WorldDoctors of the World
The new Halloween and Ebola-themed campaign from Doctors of the World.
A controversial ripped-from-the headlines Ebola Halloween costume may end up helping fight the spread of the deadly disease.
The non-profit humanitarian group Doctors of the World has launched a “ More Than a Costume " on-line and print campaign. Ads in outlets like the New York Times and Wall Street Journal feature an image of man in a hazmat suit carrying a trick-or-treating pumpkin.
Brands On Sale
Outfits like this "sexy Ebola costume" spurred outrage and backlash. And brisk sales.
The tag line: ‘Here it’s a costume. There it saves lives.’
Noting that hazmat suits are edging out hatchet-wielding clown costumes and that Americans are on target to spend more than $7.4 million this Halloween, the group is trying to turn distaste for pre-packaged and home-made versions of Ebola-inspired costumes into dollars to help battle the disease.
“There is a huge need for health workers and protective gear and this campaign allows us to break through the clutter with a simple yet powerful message and an immediate call to action," said Miranda Sissons, Executive Director for Doctors of the World USA.
Elsewhere online, Ebola costumes selling for around $80 have become vilified in headlines and talk show fodder. Of those responding to a TODAY.com online survey, 62 percent  said the costume was in poor taste .
“You are sure to be prepared if any outbreak happens at your Halloween party. This will literally be the most ‘viral’ costume of the year,” reads the description at costume site Brands on Sale for a hazmat outfit that includes a white suit, breathing mask, face shield, safety goggles and blue Latex gloves. A "sexy" version of the outfit is available that includes a thigh-high dress.
Video: The most talked-about costume this year is an Ebola hazmat suit with respirator.
“Given that Ebola is the scariest thing out there, the costume is in bad taste,” said Arthur Caplan, head of the  Division of Bioethics at New York University Langone Medical Center. “But Halloween is all about bad taste and dressing up in outfits that normally could be considered repugnant, so I wouldn’t condemn it as being unethical.”
Any ethical qualms haven't dampened orders.
“They’re selling very well. People have been zombie-ing up the outfits and adding accessories that make them look pretty nasty,” said Johnathon Weeks, the Brands on Sale CEO who also took heat for the company’s ALS ice-bucket challenge costume . The page for that one included a link to donate to ALS. The Ebola costumes did not, which may be part of why they bothered some.
Doctors of the World
Screenshot of the charitable giving site.
Now the doctors' campaign hope to exploit the controversy to do some good.
On the click-to-donate site $1 buys gloves, $5 buys masks and $250 buys a real medical containment suit. For $2,500, you can donate the services of a real doctor as well.
Tags:

Back-up shipping navigation system live© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/983be322-6102-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

You  Mr Finance Minister  Are The Biggest ObstacleYou  Mr Finance Minister  Are The Biggest Obstacle
The Diary: Martin Wolf hits the book circuit© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94d4d930-5e7f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jancis Robinson: A bears marketOctober 31, 2014 5:05 pm
A bear’s market
Jancis Robinson
Prices in California have stopped heading skywards – good news if, like me, you love the sumptuousness of its top-quality wines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d1e9ca0-5eeb-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US blacklists influential Myanmar lawmaker Aung ThaungPrint
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:22 pm
The United States placed influential Myanmar lawmaker and businessman Aung Thaung on its sanctions blacklist on Friday, accusing him of blocking key reforms.
The current member of parliament and former industry minister, 73, is said to be one of the more hardline members of the Union Solidarity and Development Party founded by former military strongman General Than Shwe and now led by President Thein Sein.
The US Treasury sanctions freeze any US-based assets he might have and ban Americans from doing business with him.
But the US stressed the sanctions apply to Aung Thaung alone, and not to any government organisation with which he is associated.
“Aung Thaung is actively attempting to undermine recent economic and political reforms in Burma (Myanmar) and has been implicated in previous attacks on Burma’s democratic opposition,” the Treasury said.
“As the United States continues to support and monitor Burma’s reforms, including democratic reform and the national peace process, we remain concerned that certain individuals have been working to counter these efforts.”
The move comes as Myanmar’s parliament agreed to consider changing the country’s constitution to allow opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi to run for the presidency next year.
The current charter bars her from being president, yet her National League for Democracy (NLD) party is considered likely to win the polls in 2015 if they are free and fair.
The NLD has focused on altering a provision in the constitution that ensures the military in the former junta-ruled nation has a veto on any amendment to the charter.
It believes revising the clause will open the way for further changes to other constitutional provisions, including the ring-fenced proportion of soldiers in parliament and the effective bar on Suu Kyi becoming president.
Suu Kyi is currently ineligible because of a clause in the 2008 charter blocking anyone whose spouse or children are overseas citizens from leading the country. The Nobel peace laureate’s late husband was British, as are her two sons.
The White House had said yesterday that US President Barack Obama spoke to Thein Sein and Suu Kyi about next year’s elections, which are seen as a key test of democratic reforms under the quasi-civilian government.

Undercover Economist: Rats and tradersTrading places – with a rat
Tim Harford
Financial price data are converted into music, the music is played to a rat, then the rat guesses whether the price will fall or rise
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a0a0062-5eec-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Elephant electrocuted in Kuppam forest areaUpdated: November 1, 2014 00:30 IST
Elephant electrocuted in Kuppam forest area
Staff Reporter
Tweet
THE HINDU The carcass of an elephant which was electrocuted near Kuppam on Friday. Photo: K.V. Poornachandra Kumar
So far 28 elephants died in accidents such as electrocutions and train mishaps in three decades. Divisional Forest Officer (Chittoor) T. Chakrapani, told The Hindu that an hour before the mishap, the forest watchers escaped from the attack by the herd.
A mother elephant, part of a 13-member wild herd from Tamil Nadu forests, was electrocuted in Nallagutta forest belt of Ramakuppam mandal of Kuppam constituency in the district on Friday. The herd is moving in close proximity of the carcass with continuous trumpeting, creating panic among the surrounding villages.
The man-animal habitat conflict in Kuppam area, the tri-state junction spreading into Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, has so far claimed the lives of 28 elephants in the last three decades in accidents such as electrocutions and train mishaps. The conflict during the same period had also led to the death of over 50 persons, mostly farmers.
The incident occurred around 2 am on Friday, when the herd ventured near the tribal hamlet. The female elephant came in contact with a live wire set up as noose for wild boars and antelopes by local residents, resulting in its death. From the small hours, the trumpeting of the herd echoed across the forest and the forest fringe villages.
Divisional Forest Officer (Chittoor) T. Chakrapani, told The Hindu that an hour before the mishap, the forest watchers escaped from the attack by the herd. "Our watchers were deep in the forest when suddenly the herd started chasing them. Fortunately, our men had escaped. The live wire was arranged clandestinely from 11KV line passing through the forest. Our men have identified some persons responsible for the death of elephant. We are booking them under Wildlife Protection Act 1972," he said. He said though he had warned the Rural Electrification Department to insulate the power lines passing through the forests, it was not done.
Meanwhile, villagers from surrounding hamlets and all over Kuppam thronged the forest location to have a look at the mammoth carcass. The forest and police personnel had a tough time in controlling the crowds, as the rest of the herd was moving within a 200 meters distance of the spot. The forest officials brought a JCB to the spot, and arranged burial of the carcass, after postmortem.
Forest Range Officer (Kuppam) M. Reddappa warned the residents of the vulnerable villages to be alert during nights due to possibility of the herd lingering around the accident spot for some days. "We found that it gave birth to a baby a couple of months ago," he added.
RELATED NEWS

World Bank to Create New Posts in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
World Bank to Cut 500 Jobs Globally, Create New Posts in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 00:29 (IST)
Amazon Own Label Underscores Strength of Online Grocery Shopping
Washington: The World Bank plans to slash 500 jobs in the next three years globally, even as it looks to create up to 300 new positions in India to meet business needs.
The global lender's decision to trim 500 jobs and cancel about 70 existing open vacancies comes after reviewing its "business strategies" for months.
In an internal memo, World Bank Group president Jim Yong Kim said some important strategic decisions have been taken regarding the staff working for Institutional, Governance and Administrative units (IG&As).
"After several months of analysis that examined our business direction and priorities in the respective IG&As, we decided on a net reduction of around 250 positions for these units," Mr Kim said in the memo obtained by PTI.
Even as it embarks on trimming its workforce, World Bank expects to create about 250 to 300 new positions, mostly in Chennai, India.
"At the same time, preliminary estimates show 250 to 300 new positions will need to be created, with a large share in Chennai, to meet business needs," Mr Kim said.
The World Bank Group has a significant presence in India.
According to the memo, IG&As expect to reduce around 500 positions over the period FY15 to end-FY17, through attrition, redeployment, and redundancies.
World Bank follows July-June cycle as financial year.
The job cuts would be spread across Finance and Technology, Internal Justice and Oversight, among other areas.
Besides, around 70 positions, which are currently open, would be cancelled.
"Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver," the memo said.
Explaining the rationale behind the move, Mr Kim said these staff decisions based on three principles - clarity, impartiality, and sensitivity.
"For staffing decisions, we must have a business rationale that is clearly articulated; we must ensure there are no favourites, no discrimination, and no retaliation," he said.
Emphasising the need to ensure that all career transitions are as smooth and considerate as possible, the World Bank chief said a Transition Support Unit has been set up.
"Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver."
Next steps related to the expenditure review and strategic staffing in operations would be unveiled next week.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 23:59 (IST)

Income Tax Department to Act Tough With Non-FilersInvesting in Bank FDs? Why You Should Rethink
New Delhi: As part of its efforts to boost revenue collection, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has asked the Income Tax Department to monitor cases of over five lakh taxpayers who have not filed their latest tax returns.
The electronic database and systems unit of CBDT has issued an official communication in this regard to all Chief Commissioners of the department to initiate action.
The department, at present, is looking at measures to bolster the revenue collection work with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley holding a review meeting in this regard with the top I-T brass on Thursday.
"It has been noticed that 5,09,898 taxpayers who have submitted an e-return of Assessment Year 2011-12n 2012-13 or 2013-14 (up to October 20, 2014) with returned income of more than Rs 10 lakh or paid self-assessment tax of more than or equal to Rs 1 lakh (as per Income Tax Return) have not filed their ITR for the Assessment Year 2014-15," the communication to the Chief Commissioners stated.
CBDT, it said, has desired that all Chief Commissioners should "personally monitor these cases".
A senior I-T officer said the department will soon issue a communication to these taxpayers to file their returns or else give reasons for not doing so. The government has fixed direct tax collection target of over Rs 7,36,221 crore for 2014-15, which is 15 per cent higher than the last fiscal year's revised estimates.
The I-T department is witnessing a slight dip in collections in view of less TDS remittances as compared to the last time and issuance of large amounts of refunds, and hence it is training its guns to tap all sources of revenue to fill up its kitty and meet the government's targets.
"The situation is challenging but the department is sure it will meet the targets and expectations in this regard," the officer said.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 20:11 (IST)

California Highway Patrol Reports 1 Fatality  1 Major Injury After SpaceShipTwo AccidentThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Massachusetts vs. Vegasmassachusetts vs. vegas
Cholamandalam Finance net rises 6% to Rs 95.13 crCholamandalam Finance net rises 6% to Rs 95.13 cr
First Majestic Silver Corp. Third Quarter Financial Results to be Released on November 12  2014First Majestic Silver Corp. Third Quarter Financial Results to be Released on November 12  2014
PVR Posts 66% Drop in Q2 ProfitPVR Posts 66% Drop in Q2 Profit
Italy PM picks Paolo Gentiloni as new foreign minister in surprise choiceItaly PM picks Paolo Gentiloni as new foreign minister in surprise choice
BlackBerry Messenger lets you take back that textBlackBerry Messenger lets you take back that text
D S Kulkarni Developers standalone quarterly net up 22.93%D S Kulkarni Developers standalone quarterly net up 22.93%
Get ready for a burst of economic reformsGet ready for a burst of economic reforms
7 Habits of Highly Successful EntrepreneursSuccess is not an overnight phenomenon. It requires a unique set of skills built over time. While there is no manual outlining what makes someone successful, the most successful entrepreneurs in the world seem to share these 7 habits.
1. They set goals and outline specifically how to reach them.
Ben Franklin was known for his brilliant inventions and maybe even more so for embodying the modern American entrepreneur. His ability to do so was not a fluke; he planned it.
Research has shown that when an individual sets measurable goals for themselves, they are more like to achieve them. Set specific daily, weekly, monthly, and even yearly goals for yourself and your business. Not only should you write down what your goals are but also determine the optimal path to get you there. In doing this you are able to visualize the path you must take to get there. Consistently review your goals and plans to achieve them on a regular basis.
2. They reflect on their day.
As one of the most powerful women in the world, Oprah Winfrey has shown us that it is possible to do it all. She has conquered television, movies, magazines, and more. What does she credit to her success? The ability to reflect on her day through meditation.
All too often entrepreneurs rush through their day as if it were a sprint, trying to cross off everything on their "to do" list as fast as possible. This can easily lead to a common business-killing phenomenon - burn out. Learn to take time out of your day to reflect. Meditation can come in many forms, all of which are cathartic activities that help you stay grounded and prevent burning yourself out. For some this can be as simple as taking a twenty-minute walk. For others, try writing in a journal.
3. They form mutually beneficial work and personal relationships.
One of the most important things I've learned being an entrepreneur is the ability to culminate relationships with others in your industry that benefit you on both a personal and business level. Ferriss provides us the perfect example of this lesson with how he marketed his book and became friends with others in his industry. When writing his best-seller, "The 4-Hour Work Week", he created chapters he knew certain bloggers would find interesting. This led to an abundance of organic blog mentions, fueling the success of his book and, in the process, helping him create meaningful relationships.
Try to associate yourself with other successful entrepreneurs as much as possible. Doing so will help you learn from them, make you a more capable entrepreneur and possibly lead to more business opportunities.
4. They know how to promote themselves.
Derek Halpern, of the popular psychology/marketing blog SocialTriggers.com , reveals one of the key obstacles holding back most entrepreneurs - they don't know how to promote themselves. There is a fine line between arrogant bragging and (what I like to call) humbly promoting yourself. In order to show people your success without coming off as a pompous jerk, you must master the art of self-promoting.
"Context is everything," says Halpern. Rather than bringing up your accomplishments first, wait for the perfect opportunity, when someone else raises the topic first or provoke them to do so. This makes boasting of your success seem more organic and natural to the conversation you are having.
5. They work for more than money.
Steve Jobs, who has become a legend among entrepreneurs, attributes his success not to chasing money but to the desire to change the world for the better. In doing, so he created some of the world's most brilliant products.
Entrepreneurs that allow their focus to be 100% on financial gain neglect long-term well-being which leads many business owners to feel unfulfilled and depressed. Just as you should have a diversified portfolio of assets, you should diversify your well-being (i.e. spiritual, mental, emotional) in regards to your business.
6. They start before they feel ready.
What holds back many people from even starting their own business is the preconceived notion that they need more experience. The truth in that matter is that there is no "right" time to venture into the world of entrepreneurship. In fact, many (if not all) new entrepreneurs have no idea what they are doing - even the world's most successful such as Richard Branson. Starting a business is like reading a Choose Your Own Adventure book. There are various different ways to reach the end...just be willing to finish the book.
7. They learn from their failures.
Resilience and being able to reflect on your failures is what separates good entrepreneurs from the great ones. The ability to get knocked down over and over while maintaining focus on your end-goal requires tremendous mental fortitude. We often see the most successful business owners invite failure into their lives. A common mantra in the tech world is, "fail fast, fail often". In doing so you spend less time actually failing and more time learning about what got you there so you don't repeat your mistakes.
Follow Daniel Scalco on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DanScalco
More:

Four dead after small plane crashes into airport building in USBy: Press Trust of India | Houston | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:24 am
Four people were killed today when a small plane lost power after takeoff and crashed into a building at an airport in US state of Kansas.
The plane crashed at Wichita’s Mid-Continent Airport, authorities said.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Tony Molinaro said a twin-engine Beechcraft King Air reported losing engine power just after takeoff.
The plane crashed into a building on airport property while attempting to return to the runway, he said.
The four dead were found inside the building. It is unclear what happened to the pilot of the aircraft.
Wichita Fire Chief Ronald Blackwell said at least four other people were taken to a hospital and five more are unaccounted for after the incident.
“We may find more but right now we don’t know,” Blackwell said.
A portion of the building’s eastern facade reportedly collapsed and fire trucks were positioned near the crash and were pouring water on the wreckage.
Wichita Mid-Continent Airport is used by private aircraft and served by several airlines and their regional affiliates, including American, Southwest, Delta, United and Allegiant.

Syrian air strikes kill over 200 civilians in 10 daysBombing runs by the Syrian air force over the past 10 days have killed at least 221 civilians, a third of them children.
By: Reuters | Beirut | Posted: October 30, 2014 11:26 pm
Bombing runs by the Syrian air force over the past 10 days have killed at least 221 civilians, a third of them children, a group monitoring Syria’s civil war said on Thursday.
The intensifying offensive by President Bashar al-Assad’s forces has heightened concerns among his opponents that he may be taking advantage of US-led air raids on Islamic State insurgents to regain territory elsewhere in the country.
Since October 20 the Syrian military has staged at least 769 attacks including barrel bombings in many areas of Syria, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, and more than 500 people have been wounded.
It said the strikes targeted the eastern province of Deir al-Zor, Homs in central Syria as well as contested provinces in the more populated west such as Latakia, Quneitra, Hama, Aleppo, Idlib and Deraa, as well as the fringes of Damascus.
“The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights renews its condemnation at the continued silence of the international community regarding the massacres committed daily by the regime of Bashar al-Assad against the sons of the Syrian people.”
The Syrian armed forces have sharply increased the number of raids since a US-led coalition of Western and Arab states began bombing Islamic State forces in the country last month.
Damascus has not raised objections to the selective air strikes, which have concentrated on the insurgent-dominated east and north of Syria, far from the most populous areas near the capital and the Mediterranean coast.
The United States says it has no wish to bolster Assad with its aerial campaign against Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot.
But Western and regional powers were driven into action by international alarm over Islamic State’s advances across large expanses of Syria and adjacent Iraq, its declaration of a caliphate bent on remaking Middle East borders and its massacres of Shi’ite Muslims, Christians and other minorities who do not share its hardline, puritanical brand of Sunni Islam.

Samsung s Q3 profit plunges to near three-year lowComments
Samsung reported its smallest quarterly profit in nearly three years Thursday as its key smartphone business faltered under competition from Apple's iPhone6 and Chinese handset makers in an increasingly saturated market.
Net profit for the South Korean electronics giant amounted to 4.22 trillion won ($4 billion) for July to September, marking a dramatic fall of 48.8% from a year ago, and the lowest figure since the fourth quarter of 2011.
Operating profit also dropped 60 percent from a year ago to 4.06 trillion won, while sales tumbled about 20 percent to 47.4 trillion won, Samsung said in a statement.
The firm's mobile phone unit reported operating profit of 1.75 trillion won in the third quarter, a dramatic decline from 6.7 trillion won a year ago.
Samsung has a diverse product line ranging from memory chips to home appliances, but it's the mobile division that had driven the company's record profit surge of recent years.
The current slump was starkly reflected in the fact that the mobile unit's operating profit in the third quarter accounted for 43 percent of the company's total, compared to 76 percent just six months ago.
Despite a slight increase in unit sales volume, actual sales revenue tumbled to 24.6 trillion won from 36.6 trillion won.
Falling margins
"The average selling price of smartphones declined due to an increased share of middle- to low-end smartphone sales and price reductions of existing smartphone models," the company said.
The third-quarter performance by the world's largest manufacturer of smartphones and televisions followed a 20 percent drop in profit in the second quarter.
Despite the slump, Samsung's share price closed 4.51 percent higher Thursday at 1.18 million won on expectations of potential dividend payout.
Robert Yi, Samsung's head of investor relations, said the firm was considering some form of "shareholder return" next year and would make a final announcement in the fourth quarter.
The latest edition of Samsung's previously all-conquering Galaxy S smartphone met with a lukewarm response on its launch in April. 
It was also forced to introduce the new edition of the oversized smartphone Galaxy Note earlier than scheduled in September as the latest iPhone6 from US rival Apple enjoyed better-than-expected demand.
Samsung initially pioneered the market for "phablet" devices -- sized between a smartphone and a tablet computer -- when it introduced the Galaxy Note series in 2011.
But the firm has come under pressure with the release of the iPhone 6 Plus, which also boasts a large screen.
   
China challenge
And in the low- to mid-range smartphone segment, Samsung has faced a growing challenge from Chinese firms nipping at its heels in key emerging markets including China. 
Samsung saw its leading share in the global smartphone market slip to 25.2 percent in the second quarter of this year from 32.6 percent a year ago.
At the same time, Chinese firms -- Huawei, Lenovo Xiaomi -- saw their combined share rise to 17.3 percent from 11.4 percent, according to market research firm Strategy Analytics.   
While voicing optimism Thursday over sales of the Galaxy Note 4 and new middle-end smartphones, Samsung acknowledged that "market competition is expected to further intensify."
"Uncertainty remains for the (mobile) division, due to the year-end surge in competitor smartphone launches, which may require a potential increase in marketing expenses associated with year-end promotions," it said.
Kim Hyun-Joon, senior vice president of Samsung's mobile unit, vowed to dramatically reshuffle product lineup to "actively respond" to the needs of the mid and low-end markets.
"Our mobile unit is going through a temporary difficulty, but we are trying to maintain a steady growth by ... fundamentally changing our business structure," he said.
But analysts saw few quick fixes.
"Samsung is struggling in the Chinese market and it may take a while until the situation improves," said Lee Min-Hee, an analyst at Seoul-based IM Investment and Securities.
China's Xiaomi dethroned Samsung as the top smartphone seller in China, with its share rising to 14 percent in the second quarter followed by Samsung's 12 percent, according to estimates by the market research firm Canalys.
Xiaomi's devices typically sell for around $100, while phones in Samsung's headline Galaxy series are priced at more than $500.

Maruti Suzuki net profit up 29%  beats estimatesMaruti Suzuki net profit up 29%, beats estimates
Reuters  Mumbai, October 30, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(30/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:12 IST(30/10/2014)
Comments
India's biggest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India Ltd beat analyst estimates with a roughly 29% rise in its quarterly net profit, helped by higher car sales and a positive foreign exchange impact.
Maruti Suzuki, controlled by Japan's Suzuki Motor Corp, said its net profit for the July-September quarter was 8.63 billion rupees ($140.37 million) compared with 6.70 billion rupees a year earlier.
Analysts expected the company to report a net income of 8.28 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters.
Net sales of the company, famous for its low-cost, entry-level compact cars, rose 17.5 percent to 119.96 billion rupees in the July-September quarter, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
Maruti said its board has decided to recommend an increase in the foreign institutional investor (FII) holding limit in the company to 40%, broadly the level of public shareholding in the stock, subject to approvals.

Sensex  Nifty log new highs on eco reformsSensex, Nifty log new highs on eco reforms
Reuters  Mumbai, October 30, 2014
First Published: 13:22 IST(30/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:04 IST(30/10/2014)
Comments
Indian markets on Thursday cheered Modi government's move to ease FDI rules in construction sector and the Federal Reserve sticking to its stance of low US interest rates with benchmark Sensex surging about 248 points to end at new peak of 27,346.33, extending gains for the third day.
The NSE 50-share Nifty index also ended higher by 78.75 points, or 0.97%, at 8,169.20 after hitting an all-time intra-day high of 8,181.55 during the day.
Brokers said fresh dose of capital inflows, good corporate earnings and rating agency Moody's favourable report on rating profile of India also boosted buying as investors bought shares across-the-board. Gains were led by Realty, IT, Teck and Consumer Durables as 1,586 shares ended higher on BSE, pushing up investor wealth to over Rs. 95.35 lakh crore.
The BSE Sensex resumed higher at 27,098.94 and shot up further to life-time high of 27,390.60 before ending at all- time closing high of 27,346.33 -- a gain of 248.16 points or 0.92%. In three days, it has gained nearly 600 points.
In a boost to cash-starved realty industry, government on Wednesday relaxed rules for FDI in the construction sector by reducing minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and easing the exit norms. DLF, Unitech and HDIL scrips rose.
"Fed's statement sparked confidence in the markets that the low interest rates are still to remain for longer term. This combined with strong earnings performance by index stocks took markets beyond its previous all-time highs," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Moody's today said the recent reform measures by the government coupled with those unveiled by the RBI on the economic, fiscal and financial fronts, are credit positive as they will help growth if successfully implemented.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said, "Sensex and Nifty made new life time highs and bourses saw the highest turnover ever at over Rs. 10 trillion." Overseas investors pumped in a net Rs. 785.61 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Globally, Asian stocks ended mixed. US stocks closed with slight losses yesterday after the Fed ended its stimulative monthly bond-buying programme as expected. However, Europe was trading lower in their late morning deals.

Visa/MasterCard: growth is priceless© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/84881432-604d-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays: sleepless nights© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0ca02e9a-6049-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alcatel-Lucent: blade runner© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5e2c82c4-604c-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nikkei shoots up 4%  yen skids to 6-year lowsJapan shares soar, yen skids after Bank of Japan stuns with more easing steps
By Reuters | 31 Oct, 2014, 10.52AM IST
Bank of Japan eases monetary policy further
Bank of Japan eases monetary policy further
Japanese stocks jumped and the yen skidded to six-year lows against the dollar on Friday after the Bank of Japan surprised markets with fresh easing steps. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Japanese stocks jumped and the yen skidded to six-year lows against the dollar on Friday after the Bank of Japan surprised markets with fresh easing steps - a move aimed at stoking inflation and recharging a fragile economic recovery.
The Nikkei stock average rallied 3.9 per cent after Japan's central bank said it would purchase more shares of exchange-traded funds and real estate investment trusts, and extend the duration of its portfolio of Japanese government bonds, to "pre-empt manifestation" of risks.
Data released early on Friday showed Japan's annual core consumer inflation slowed for a second straight month in September, adding to evidence the BOJ is likely to miss its price goal.
Before the BOJ's surprise, markets were chered by Wall Street's surge late in the session on Thursday, after data showed surprisingly strong third-quarter US economic growth as the trade gap narrowed. But domestic demand slipped, hinting at some loss of momentum.
The data came a day after the US Federal Reserve surprised markets with an optimistic assessment of the US economy when it announced the end of its monthly bond buying stimulus program.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.5 per cent, on track for weekly and monthly gains of more than 2 per cent.
Japanese shares also got a lift from news that Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund is poised to approve on Friday allocation targets which aim to raise the portion of Japanese shares to 25 per cent of its portfolio from the current target of 12 per cent, two government sources said.
"It's a surprise. The consensus was that GPIF would go to 20 per cent Japanese stocks. The impact of 25 per cent will be strong, with a positive impact for stocks," said Masayuki Doshida, senior market analyst at Rakuten Securities in Tokyo .
But data released before the market showed Japan's jobless rate rose in September and the availability of jobs fell for the first time in more than three years, suggesting the labour market is starting to lose some momentum. Japanese household spending also fell more than expected in September.
Against the yen, the dollar bought 110.29, up about 1 per cent on the day after rising as high as 110.31 yen. The euro edged down about 0.1 per cent to $1.2584.
In commodities trading, spot gold edged down about 0.3 per cent to $1,196.53 an ounce after plumbing a three-week low of $1,194.10 on Thursday.
Brent crude skidded about 0.4 per cent to $85.89 a barrel. Ample supplies and a stronger dollar have pushed prices down more than 9 per cent so far in October, and on track for their biggest weekly drop since May 2012.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Burkina Faso president won t resign after protestsBurkina Faso Police clash with protesters as they protest against their longtime president that seeks another term in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Ouagadougou (burkina Faso) | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:34 pm
Burkina Faso’s longtime leader refused to resign Thursday in the face of violent protests that posed the greatest threat to his nearly three-decade rule, saying instead he will lead a transitional government after parliament was dissolved.
Protesters stormed the parliament building and set part of it ablaze in a day of violence around the country to stop a parliamentary vote that would have allowed President Blaise Compaore to seek a fifth term in office. At least one person was killed and several others were wounded amid the melee, authorities said, and a curfew was put in place from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. A state of emergency was imposed for several hours but lifted late Thursday.
In a concession to the protesters, the government withdrew the bill from consideration. But the move did not placate the protesters, and Army Gen. Honore Traore, the joint chief of staff, later announced that government and parliament had been dissolved and a new, inclusive government would be named.
After hours of confusion about whether Compaore would hold on to power or even where he was, the president spoke briefly on television and radio to stay he was still in charge and would not step down.
“I am available to open discussions with all parties,” he said in a recorded address. The transitional government will include representatives from all sides and work to hold elections within 12 months.
It was unclear if the opposition would agree to join a unity government, and the unrest unleashed Thursday underscored the threat Compaore now faces as frustrations mount in one of the world’s poorest countries. In a sign of the growing unrest, crowds also attacked the homes of government ministers and looted shops in the country’s second-largest city, Bobo Dioulasso, witnesses said.
“It is over for the regime!” and “We do not want him again!” shouted demonstrators when they heard that the vote on term limits had been stopped.
Flames enveloped the main building in the parliament complex, and many lawmakers fled to a nearby hotel.
“It is difficult to say what happens next, but things are out of control because the demonstrators do not listen to anyone,” said Ablasse Ouedraogo, an opposition lawmaker.
The images of cars on fire and plumes of black smoke in the capital of Ouagadougou prompted alarm from the international community. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on all parties to end the violence, and is “saddened over the loss of life resulting from recent events,” a statement said. Mohamed Ibn Chambas, a U.N. Special Representative, said he “deplores the deterioration of the security situation” and is scheduled to visit the country Friday.
In a bid to restore continued…

Ending the impasse in DelhiUpdated: October 31, 2014 01:04 IST
Ending the impasse in Delhi
Delhi
With the Supreme Court setting a deadline for Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung to exhaust the possibilities of forming a government in Delhi, the political impasse in the National Capital Territory is bound to end soon. After Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal stepped down as Chief Minister in February, the Assembly was kept in suspended animation without any immediate prospect of a popular government being put in place. The BJP was unable to form a government, and the AAP was unwilling to do so with outside support from the Congress; the end result was that there was no forward movement in the efforts to have an elected government in Delhi. While the AAP was impatient for a fresh election, apprehensive as it was of attempts by the BJP to win over its MLAs, the BJP, having failed to get the numbers, seemed to be waiting to get the timing right for a fresh election. Quite rightly, the Supreme Court noted that President’s Rule could not “go on forever” with the Assembly in suspended animation.
Given the numbers in the Delhi Assembly, it is unlikely that Mr. Jung’s efforts to ensure the formation of a government would yield any result. The BJP is unlikely to get offers of outside support, and even a minority government headed by the party seems a remote possibility. Understandably, many of the BJP’s MLAs do not want another election so soon. Going by the results of the Lok Sabha election, the BJP as a party is likely to do well if an election were to be held any time soon. But not all the MLAs are looking forward to spending more time and money to retain the seats they won just a year ago. Now that by-elections to three constituencies have been called by the Election Commission, the BJP would ideally like to wait for the results before ruling out the possibility of forming a government. But with the Supreme Court beginning to show impatience, a fresh election may have to be held sooner than later. The AAP, which during its 49 days in power took quite a few populist measures, must be hoping the voters still retain some goodwill for the party. If it failed to repeat its Assembly election success in the Lok Sabha election, this was because voters felt it did not stay the course and took the exit door at the first opportunity. In pushing for a fresh election before the Supreme Court, the AAP must be calculating that the voters would give it another chance. Delhi was supposed to be its launch pad for a national foray, but after having failed miserably in the Lok Sabha election, and having stayed away from both the Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections, the AAP seems to have whittled down its ambitions. The party will have to get its Delhi act right first, before it does anything else.

UN warns of  unprecedented  number of foreign jihadistsA US security official estimated that there were close to 2,000 westerners among the 15,000 foreign fighters.
By: Agence-France Presse | London | Posted: October 31, 2014 6:19 pm
Foreign jihadists from more than 80 countries have flocked to fight in Iraq and Syria on an “unprecedented scale”, according to extracts of a UN report published by Britain’s Guardian newspaper on Friday.
Around 15,000 people have travelled to fight alongside Islamic State (IS) and other hardcore militant groups from “countries that have not previously faced challenges relating to al-Qaeda,” said the report.
The number of foreign jihadists travelling to fight since 2010 exceeds the cumulative total of the 20 preceding years “many times”, the Security Council study said.
“There are instances of foreign terrorist fighters from France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland operating together,” it said, according to the Guardian.
Britain’s top police officer, Bernard Hogan-Howe, estimated last week that five people a week were leaving the country to fight with IS. Security officials estimate that there are currently around 500 British nationals fighting in Syria and Iraq.
Dozens have been arrested for preparing to leave to join the IS group or helping others to do so.
France is also moving closer to adopting an “anti-terrorism” law which would slap a travel ban on anyone suspected of planning to wage jihad.
The UN warned that more nations than ever face the problem of dealing with fighters returning from the battle zone.
The US Central Intelligence Agency last month announced figures showing that there were around 20,000 to 31,500 IS fighters active in Iraq and Syria, much higher than previous estimates.
A US security official estimated that there were close to 2,000 westerners among the 15,000 foreign fighters.
Previous figures showed there were 7,000 foreign jihadists fighting in March and 12,000 in July suggesting 1,000 a month were travelling to fight, despite the launch of US air strikes three months ago, although there is a lag of a few weeks in the figures.
The report was produced by a committee that monitors al-Qaeda, and concluded that the once mighty and feared group was now “manoeuvring for relevance” following the rise of the even more militant IS, which was booted out of al-Qaeda by leader Ayman al-Zawahiri.
Despite the split, the UN concluded that the legal basis for US President Barack Obama’s fight against IS was justified by its ideological congruence with al-Qaeda, and considered the two groups as part of a broader movement.
“Al-Qaeda core and Isil (IS) pursue similar strategic goals, albeit with tactical differences regarding sequencing and substantive differences about personal leadership,” the UN wrote.
Obama has vowed he will not order a large force into combat in Iraq or Syria, relying instead on air power and local forces.

Appointment of 8 PSU bank heads likely by No...Bank of Baroda
(The interview process would…)
NEW DELHI: The government will by end of November appoint Chairman and Managing Directors of eight PSU banks , where it had scrapped selections made by the previous UPA government.
A panel, headed by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan , will hold interviews of eligible candidates for the post of CMDs of 8 public sector banks on November 13 and 14, Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said today.
"Appointments in these eight positions will be hopefully over by November end," he said.
Besides RBI Governor the other members of the interview panel would include Deputy Governor of RBI, Department of Financial Services Secretary and a few external members.
The interview process would be objective and transparent, sources said, adding that the interviews of eligible candidates would be held in Mumbai.
Following shortlisting by the high level panel, the name of the candidates would be sent to Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC) and for other necessary clearances.
Earlier this week, the government scrapped the selection of six PSU bank heads and 14 executive directors (EDs) during UPA tenure following a separate panel finding irregularities in the process.
The UPA government had shortlisted heads of Bank of Baroda (BoB), Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), Oriental Bank of Commerce, United Bank and Vijaya Bank.
Besides, vacancies of CMDs have arisen in Punjab National Bank and Syndicate Bank due to non-grant of extension and arrest respectively.
Following the arrest of Syndicate Bank Chairman and Managing Director S K Jain, the ministry had set up a committee comprising Expenditure Secretary, RBI Governor and Secretary School Education to examine the selections process.
"After receipt of the report of the Committee, the government has decided to cancel the current selection process of CMDs/EDs of Public Sector Banks (PSBs)," the statement had said.
To fill up these 8 vacancies of CMDs along with those of 14 executive directors, the government decided the selection would be done by a panel necessarily comprising of RBI Governor or his nominee.
Syndicate Bank chief Jain was arrested in August for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh to enhance credit limits of a company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fanged deer pops up in Afghanistan  60 years after its last appearanceBy Rachel Feltman October 31 Follow @rachelfeltman
The unusual fangs of a musk deer are used by males during the breeding season. A recent WCS study found a population of Kashmir musk deer living in Afghanistan. Photo shows a Siberian musk deer -- one of seven similar species found in Asia. (Julie Larsen Maher © WCS)
It's aliiiiiiiiiive!
Although the last reported sighting of the Kashmir musk deer was around 60 years ago, a Wildlife Conservation Society study confirms that these fanged beasts are still alive and kicking.
Musk deer like the Kashmir (there are seven similar species that live around Asia, like the Siberian one shown above) use their fangs during mating season to fight other males and impress females -- not to suck blood.
But unfortunately, musk deer are prized by poachers for their scent glands, which are worth over $20,000 a pound on the black market. The musk has been used in traditional medicines and perfumes for centuries. This particular species is now endangered as a result of intense poaching and habitat loss, and the last time a scientific team spotted one was back in 1948.
In an Oct. 22 edition of the journal Oryx, Wildlife Conservation Society researchers reported five sightings. They saw one lone male in the same area three times, one female with a child, and one solitary female -- which may have been the same deer without her young. The researchers report that the deer were difficult to spot, and couldn't be photographed.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Increased tax refunds fuelling fiscal deficit: JaitleyIncreased tax refunds fuelling fiscal deficit: Jaitley
Congo crowd kills man  eats him after militant massacres: witnessesprint
A crowd stoned to death a young man in northeast Congo on Friday before burning and eating his corpse, witnesses said, in apparent revenge for a series of attacks by Ugandan rebels.
The incident in the town of Beni followed a number of overnight raids in the area blamed on the Islamist group ADF-NAUL, who are thought to have massacred more than 100 people this month, using hatchets and machetes to kill their victims.
Witnesses said the man, who has not been identified, aroused suspicion on a bus when passengers discovered he could not speak the local Swahili language and that he was carrying a machete.
Speaking from the town of Beni, Congo's President Joseph Kabila said the ADF-NALU militants would face the same fate as the rebel movement M23, which was defeated by a UN-backed government offensive last year.
"There is no question of negotiation with the terrorists," Kabila said in a speech at a local hotel. "They will be defeated as was the case with the M23. And it will be very soon."
ADF-NALU is an alliance of groups opposed to the Ugandan government that has operated from bases in neighbouring Congo since the mid-2000s, undermining Kinshasa's grip on the area.
The movement was blamed for the deaths of 14 people, killed early on Thursday in the village of Kampi ya Chui, bringing the total death toll this month to at least 107, said Teddy Kataliko, president of the Civil Society of Beni.
Tensions ran high in the town on Friday morning with around 100 demonstrators blocking the road from the airport into town, throwing stones and waving machetes to demand greater government protection against the rebels.
Local government officials could not immediately be reached for comment. Earlier in the week, the government sought to downplay the threat posed by the group, which it had previously said was defeated in an operation earlier this year.
Estimates of its strength vary greatly, but the website of the UN's peacekeeping mission in Congo estimates it has around 500 fighters.
The Ugandan government has said ADF-NALU is allied with Somalia's al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab movement, but analysts say the nature of these ties is not clear, despite the ADF-NALU's clear Islamist ideology.
In his speech on Friday, Kabila appealed for public support for a ramping up of its offensive against the group, but did not specify what that would entail.
"I call on the population to support the army because the victory against the M23 was because the population was behind the army," he said. "I call on young people to join the army in great numbers."
Kabila also defended the UN peacekeeping mission known as MONUSCO following criticism from locals that it had failed to defend them and had even collaborated with ADF-NALU.
Crowds of mainly young men attacked several peacekeeping facilities with stones and bows and arrows last week, forcing the evacuation of some staff.
The UN mission says it has stepped up patrols in the area in the wake of the massacres.

Exxon  Chevron Shrug off Effect of Low Oil PricesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Don t Wear An Ebola Costume  Donate OneDoctors of the World
The new Halloween and Ebola-themed campaign from Doctors of the World.
A controversial ripped-from-the headlines Ebola Halloween costume may end up helping fight the spread of the deadly disease.
The non-profit humanitarian group Doctors of the World has launched a “ More Than a Costume " on-line and print campaign. Ads in outlets like the New York Times and Wall Street Journal feature an image of man in a hazmat suit carrying a trick-or-treating pumpkin.
Brands On Sale
Outfits like this "sexy Ebola costume" spurred outrage and backlash. And brisk sales.
The tag line: ‘Here it’s a costume. There it saves lives.’
Noting that hazmat suits are edging out hatchet-wielding clown costumes and that Americans are on target to spend more than $7.4 million this Halloween, the group is trying to turn distaste for pre-packaged and home-made versions of Ebola-inspired costumes into dollars to help battle the disease.
“There is a huge need for health workers and protective gear and this campaign allows us to break through the clutter with a simple yet powerful message and an immediate call to action," said Miranda Sissons, Executive Director for Doctors of the World USA.
Elsewhere online, Ebola costumes selling for around $80 have become vilified in headlines and talk show fodder. Of those responding to a TODAY.com online survey, 62 percent  said the costume was in poor taste .
“You are sure to be prepared if any outbreak happens at your Halloween party. This will literally be the most ‘viral’ costume of the year,” reads the description at costume site Brands on Sale for a hazmat outfit that includes a white suit, breathing mask, face shield, safety goggles and blue Latex gloves. A "sexy" version of the outfit is available that includes a thigh-high dress.
Video: The most talked-about costume this year is an Ebola hazmat suit with respirator.
“Given that Ebola is the scariest thing out there, the costume is in bad taste,” said Arthur Caplan, head of the  Division of Bioethics at New York University Langone Medical Center. “But Halloween is all about bad taste and dressing up in outfits that normally could be considered repugnant, so I wouldn’t condemn it as being unethical.”
Any ethical qualms haven't dampened orders.
“They’re selling very well. People have been zombie-ing up the outfits and adding accessories that make them look pretty nasty,” said Johnathon Weeks, the Brands on Sale CEO who also took heat for the company’s ALS ice-bucket challenge costume . The page for that one included a link to donate to ALS. The Ebola costumes did not, which may be part of why they bothered some.
Doctors of the World
Screenshot of the charitable giving site.
Now the doctors' campaign hope to exploit the controversy to do some good.
On the click-to-donate site $1 buys gloves, $5 buys masks and $250 buys a real medical containment suit. For $2,500, you can donate the services of a real doctor as well.
Tags:

1 Dead  1 Injured After Virgin Galactic Aircraft Goes Down: Calif. Hwy. PatrolCause of Fatal Virgin Galactic Crash a Mystery to Designers
Oct 31, 2014, 6:00 PM ET
Virgin Galactica confirmed that there was an "anomaly" with a test flight and wreckage of what appears to be a part of a wing, pictured, was spotted in the Mojave Desert.
KABC
Share
Copy
The crash of the Virgin Galactic spacecraft that killed one pilot and injured another scattered wreckage across a large area of the Mojave desert, but it also clearly rattled the “small” community of test pilots and technicians in the field.
"Space is hard and today was a tough day," said George Whitesides, CEO of Virgin Galactic. He added, "The future rests in many ways on hard days like this."
Rocket Explodes on Launch for Space Station Supply Trip
Stuart Witt, the CEO of Mojave Air and Space Port, said the death of the pilot was keenly felt.
"When we have a mishap from the test community, we find the test community is very small And we are human and it hurts," Witt said.
Mark Greenberg/Virgin Galactic/Getty Images
PHOTO: Virgin Galactic White Knight Two carries SpaceShipTwo for the first rocket powered flight (PF01) since the beginning of the program that began in 2005 in Mojave, Calif., April 29, 2013.
The officials confirmed that both people involved in the incident were test pilots from the Virgina Galactic partner, Scaled Composites. The pilots were not identified.
Sheriff Donnie Younblood said, "I flew around the crash site. It’s a large area. The aircraft is in several different pieces."
Virgin founder Richard Branson is expected to arrive in Mojave by Saturday morning. Also due at the site on Saturday is a team from the National Transportation Safety Board. The NTSB announced that they will send a full team of investigators, led by acting chairman Christopher Hart.
Ken Brown
PHOTO: The Virgin Galactic spacecraft breaks up in midair as it flies over the Mojave desert
Witt said the exact cause of the "anomaly" that caused the crash remains unknown.
"From my eyes and my ears, I detected nothing," Witt said.
"I knew [something was wrong] when other things weren't happening. It wasn't cause something happened, it was something’s not happening," he said.
Ken Brown
PHOTO: The Virgin Galactic spacecraft breaks up in midair as it flies over the Mojave desert
Whitesides said that a new fuel formulation was being used in this test flight, but said that it had been "proven and tested numerous times on the ground."
The craft dubbed SpaceShipTwo was destroyed after it separated from its mother ship, White Knight Two, the company said.
Kevin Mickey, president of Scale Composites, explained that the mother ship flies the spacecraft to 45,000 feet, "then it’s released. It's a glider in free fall. Then the rocket is lit and you are on your way."
Ken Brown
PHOTO: The Virgin Galactic spacecraft breaks up in midair as it flies over the Mojave desert
Thoughts with all @virgingalactic & Scaled, thanks for all your messages of support. I'm flying to Mojave immediately to be with the team.
— Richard Branson (@richardbranson) October 31, 2014
Virgin Galactic, part of Branson's group of companies, has announced plans to operate a fleet of SpaceShipTwo vehicles for private sub-orbital flights.
This is the second private space mission to end catastrophically this week.
On Tuesday, an Antares rocket produced by Orbital Sciences exploded seconds after liftoff in Virginia while on a NASA-contracted supply mission to the International Space Station.
"This hasn't been an easy week. It certainly has been a challenge," Witt said. "But where I’m from this is where you find out your true character."
ABC News' Matt Hosford and Jonah Lustig contributed to this report.
Join the Discussion

Witness Reports SpaceShipTwo Exploded in Flight After Ignition of Rocket  Crashed in DesertThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Virgin Galactics SpaceShipTwo crashes after in flight anomaly during test. One dead.By Joel Achenbach , Drew Harwell and Mark Berman October 31 Follow @joelachenbach Follow @drewharwell Follow @markberman
A Virgin Galactic spaceship designed to take tourists on excursions beyond Earth's atmosphere broke up during a test flight Friday over the Mojave Desert, killing the pilot. (AP)
A Virgin Galactic spacecraft intended to carry tourists crashed in the Mojave desert due to an “in-flight anomaly” during a test flight Friday, killing one person, the company said.
The accident, the second this week involving a craft intended for spaceflight, left a trail of debris scattered across the Mojave. It was not known in the immediate aftermath what happened to SpaceShipTwo, but the company said in a statement that “a serious anomaly” had occurred.
“From my eyes and my ears, I detected nothing that appeared abnormal,” Stuart Witt, chief executive of Mojave Air and Space Port, said of the launch during a news conference Friday afternoon. He later added, “If there was a huge explosion that occurred, I didn’t see it.”
The crash was a devastating blow to one of the most high-profile startup space companies, as well as the other people involved in working on such flights.
“We are human. And it hurts,” Witt said.
Stuart Witt, chief executive of Mojave Air and Space Port, said at a news conference that one crew member died and another was injured after a suborbital passenger spaceship crashed on Friday. (Reuters)
First responders on the scene found the aircraft “in several different pieces,” said Donny Youngblood, sheriff of Kern County, during the same news conference. They found one person who was declared dead at the scene, and another who had suffered “major injuries” and was taken to Antelope Valley Hospital, he said.
The disaster occurred shortly after 10 a.m., when SpaceShipTwo separated from White Knight Two, which was carrying the vehicle into the air, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
“We’re going to get through it,” George Whitesides, chief executive of Virgin Galactic, said during the news conference. “The future rests in many ways on hard, hard days like this. But we believe we owe it to the folks who were flying these vehicle as well as the folks who’ve been working so hard on them to understand this and to move forward, which is what we’ll do.”
Richard Branson, who founded Virgin Galactic in 2004, posted on Twitter that he would be flying to Mojave:
Thoughts with all @virgingalactic & Scaled, thanks for all your messages of support. I'm flying to Mojave immediately to be with the team.
— Richard Branson (@richardbranson) October 31, 2014
Earlier Friday, the flight took off from the Mojave Desert, despite some initial concerns about high winds.
We’re still closely tracking the weather—mainly winds on the ground and aloft. Stay tuned for updates.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
And we have takeoff for WhiteKnightTwo & #SpaceShipTwo here in Mojave, CA. This is SS2's 55th flight & WK2's 173rd.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
#SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely for the 35th time.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Ignition! #SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again. Stay tuned for updates.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Branson founded Virgin Galactic with the goal of making it the world’s first space tourism company. He is the founder of Virgin Group, which has hundreds of companies, including Virgin Atlantic and Virgin America airlines.
RELATED: Destination Unknown | An occasional series on the future of NASA and space exploration.
“My heart and prayers go out to the pilots of SpaceShipTwo and their families,” Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said in a statement. “Their courage and bravery to embark on missions that will lead towards expanding man’s reach into space exemplify the ingenuity and imagination of America. Today’s devastating crash is a reminder how fragile life is in these efforts.”
SpaceShipTwo is designed to hold two pilots and six passengers. The company has taken deposits of up to $250,000 each from more than 700 people to reserve seats on the first space tourism flights,  according to the Albuquerque Journal .
Charles Lurio, publisher of a newsletter about the commercial space industry, the Lurio Report, compared the test-flight explosion to the hundreds of people lost over years of testing early aircraft.
“I hope people understand that in order to make progress in certain areas, you have to take certain risks,” Lurio said. “This is why we need more than one or two companies trying things out, and why we need people willing to test things on the ground. … We need to enable more people to try, not fewer.”
The first flight tests of SpaceShipTwo began in 2013. But at the beginning of this year, the company suspended tests after changing the fuel used to power its rocket, the Albuquerque Journal reported . Earlier this month, it resumed tests and announced that the final phase of testing — which would take the spacecraft into the outer edges of the earth’s atmosphere — would begin soon.
The beginning of commercial service has been continuously pushed back, but the company now says that it could finally become a reality in 2015.
The crash of the spaceship is a huge blow to Virgin Galactic, which had been hoping to be the pioneer of space tourism – selling customers tickets at $250,000 each to ride more than 60 miles above the Earth’s surface, which by conventional definitions is into space, on suborbital flights. The company has been promising for many years that it is getting close to commercial operation, but has faced a series of delays because of technical issues – not an uncommon problem in spaceflight.
SpaceShipTwo was designed by the legendary engineer Burt Rutan, who founded a company, Scaled Composites, in the desert town of Mojave, Calif., near Edwards Air Force Base and in a part of the country known for historic aviation feats – including pilot Chuck Yeager’s breaking the sound barrier in 1947. A smaller predecessor to the craft, SpaceShipOne, became the first private spacecraft to reach space in 2004.
The spacecraft was not designed to become an orbital vehicle. It was, however, designed to be entirely reuseable. Whitesides said last year that 650 people had put down money so far for tickets. The original price of $200,000 a seat had risen to $250,000 by that point.
“I hope that we do have competition at some point. Right now there’s not much competition, because it’s hard, it’s hard to build these things, it’s hard to put these operations together,” Whitesides said at the time. He gave a Post reporter a tour of a hangar where spaceship parts were being built, but the spacecraft itself was out of sight in a different hangar.
A Virgin Galactic passenger spaceship crashed during a test flight over the Mojave Desert in California on Friday due to an “in-flight anomaly.” At least one person was killed in the accident. (Reuters)
The design of the eight-seat craft calls for it to be carried by a mothership, the White Knight Two, to a launch altitude more than nine miles above the ground. Then the spaceship is dropped by the carrier vehicle. Soon thereafter, a rocket motor fires and propels the ship into space. It then glides back to Earth and lands on a runway.
“We’re living the dream. Building spaceships!” Whitesides said last year. He noted the competitive, hit-or-miss, entrepreneurial quality to the “New Space” industry and Mojave in particular: “This is like Cupertino 1978,” he said, referring to Silicon Valley. “You’re going to have winners and you’re going to have losers.”
SpaceShipTwo had completed more than 50 test flights, many of them unpowered “glide flights,” but Friday’s was only its fourth powered flight. It was also the first time the space plane’s rocket engine had been started since January.
Virgin Galactic officials said this month that the company had accomplished a series of successful test flights and extended ground tests of the space plane’s rocket motor. They added after one unpowered test that “Today’s flight brings spaceflight closer.”
The explosion could also hurt interest in SpaceShipTwo’s competition. Another suborbital space plane, XCOR Aerospace’s Lynx, is in development and expected to launch from Mojave, with tickets starting at $95,000.
The crash Friday comes just days after the explosion of an unmanned rocket, which blew up seconds after it launched from Wallops Island, Va., on Tuesday night. And it comes 10 years to the month after SpaceShipOne reached a crucial milestone, becoming the first privately built vehicle to fly to the edge of space two times in two weeks. The achievement was marked as a pinnacle of private spaceflight and netted them the $10 million Ansari X Prize.
1 of 31

Manappuram Fin expects growth of 6% this fiscalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

United Nations sets up panel to rethinkpeacekeepingUN chief Ban Ki-moon on Friday appointed a blue-ribbon panel to recommend changes to international peacekeeping.
By: Agence-France Presse | United Nations | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:35 am
UN chief Ban Ki-moon on Friday appointed a blue-ribbon panel to recommend changes to international peacekeeping in the face of increasingly complex and dangerous conflicts.
The independent panel, chaired by former East Timor president Jose Ramos-Horta, includes 13 experts from a range of countries who will undertake the first major review of peace operations in 15 years.
“The world is changing and UN peace operations must change if they are to remain an indispensable and effective tool in promoting international peace and security,” Ban said in a statement.
The panel will assess the UN’s 16 peace operations and look at the needs of the future, from changing warfare to administrative arrangements of missions and the protection of civilians.
Earlier this month, Ban deplored what he called a “bloody October for UN peacekeeping” after a wave of attacks on blue helmets in Mali, Darfur and the Central African Republic left 14 dead in about two weeks.
The UN’s 130,000 troops, police and civilian staff serving in missions worldwide are being drawn into more complex conflicts while being tasked with enforcing fragile peace deals.
The report of the high-level panel is to be presented to the UN General Assembly during the annual meeting in September 2015.

GDP growth to be in 5.5-5.9% range: Finance Minister Arun JaitleyArun Jaitley
(For 2014-15, the minister…)
NEW DELHI: Declining prices of crude oil and food will help lower inflation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today and expressed confidence that economic growth in the current fiscal will be in the 5.5-5.9 per cent range.
"The major priority of the government is to bring back growth momentum into country's economy. The Indian economy has potential for achieving and sustaining higher growth," Jaitley said while addressing the Consultative Committee meeting here.
For 2014-15, the minister expects that the growth could be in the range of 5.5-5.9 per cent, said a Finance Ministry statement after the meeting.
Jaitley outlined major priorities of the government as reviving and sustaining higher GDP growth, increasing savings, fiscal consolidation, keeping the Current Account Deficit at moderate level and reviving investment cycle, among others.
Decline in investments and the manufacturing sector output pulled down the economic growth in last two fiscals to below 5 per cent. Economy grew at 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Jaitley said the recent decline in international oil prices as also domestic food items point towards lower inflation in the coming months.
WPI inflation moderated to 5-year low of 2.38 per cent mainly on account of decline in food prices.
"The capital flows to finance Current Account Deficit is adequate and further moderation in CAD can be expected in 2014-15 due to lower oil prices," Jaitley said.
CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign currency, touched a record high of 4.7 per cent in 2012-13 fiscal. It came down to 1.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Meanwhile, Brent crude futures fell below USD 86 a barrel. The oil benchmark has fallen more than 9 per cent so far in October.
Jaitley also outlined boosting manufacturing sector growth, infrastructure sector and exports, tackling food inflation, rationalising subsidies and reforms in direct and indirect taxes as his priority areas.
"Higher growth leads to more revenue collections, better employment opportunities and increase in Government's capacity to finance social sector programmes," he said.
The meeting was attended by Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs, besides five secretaries in the Finance Ministry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shelters packed after deadly Sri Lanka mudslideKOSLANDA (Sri Lanka), November 1, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 00:48 IST
Shelters packed after deadly Sri Lanka mudslide
AP
Reuters Disaster officials estimate that at least 100 people were killed on Wednesday when monsoon rains unleashed a cascade of muddy earth at the Koslanda plantation in Badulla district, about 220 km east of Colombo.
TOPICS
avalanche/landslide
Over 1,500 people accommodated as disaster officials urge all to evacuate vulnerable areas
Sri Lankan authorities warned of more landslides at a tea plantation where a deadly torrent of mud swept away scores of homes this week, but residents on Friday said there was no room left at the shelters and no alternative housing for them to move into.
Disaster officials estimate that at least 100 people were killed on Wednesday when monsoon rains unleashed a cascade of muddy earth at the Koslanda plantation in Badulla district, about 220 km east of Colombo. The death toll is yet to be confirmed, and many villagers believe the figure could exceed 200.
Kannusamy Mahendran (34), whose home was still standing but in the danger zone, said residents have been warned of mudslides several times since 2002. However, he added, alternative housing had always been the problem.
“Officials come here and ask us to leave, but they don’t tell us where to go,” he said, adding that the families are at grave risk if another landslide were to barrel down the hills.
Mr. Mahendran said the government provided housing for only 25 of the 75 families in his neighbourhood over the past years, and the rest are now being told to move into nearby schools and temples with the survivors of Wednesday’s slide.
“But we can’t go, [those shelters] are overcrowded,” Mr. Mahendran said.
Some 1,600 people are currently in the shelters, most of them with homes still standing but vulnerable to more slides, said Rohana Keerthi Dissanayake, a top official in the region.
Local disaster relief official Udaya Kumara urged people in vulnerable areas to come to the camps, and promised to do his utmost to accommodate them.
“We can’t give them the comforts of their homes, but we will give them whatever is possible. They must think that life comes first,” he said.
Those whose kin are missing waited in agony as rescue workers using heavy machinery and sniffer dogs searched through the mud on Friday.
While authorities have abandoned hope of finding survivors, many relatives insist they want to give their loved ones a proper burial.
“They died tragically, but at least I want to give them a dignified funeral,” said Sinniah Yogarajah, who lost all other five members of his household his wife, two sons, daughter-in-law and his 6-month-old grandchild.
As the scope of the disaster becomes clear, the government has asked the National Child Protection Authority to take charge of orphans.
Survivors recalled that drinking water streams turned muddy, cracks appeared in the ground and cattle and goats started running down the mountain slope just before tragedy struck.
Many children had left for school before Wednesday’s 7.30 a.m. landslide only to return to find their homes buried and their parents missing. Others looked as the mud engulfed their homes with their parents still inside.
Ravichandran Gajini (14), said she and her 12-year-old brother, Suresh, watched their parents’ last moments before the landslide swallowed up their home.
“We did not go to school that day and suddenly people shouted that there was an earth slip,” she said. “We all ran out but my parents went back to collect our identity cards and the birth certificates.”
She never saw her parents again.
Authorities were working to confirm how many children were orphaned. A government minister told Parliament on Thursday that they have found 75 orphans, but the number needs to be confirmed.
A large number of children in Sri Lanka’s tea plantations drop out of school and work as domestic helpers or waiters in tea shops, and the government fears they could be exploited by recruiters.
Most of Sri Lanka has experienced heavy rain over the past few weeks. The monsoon season here runs from October through December.

Why Does My Wireless Carrier Slow My Internet Speedwhy does my wireless carrier slow my internet speed
Tim Cook announcement prompts excitement from LGBT tech communityTim Cook inspires LGBT members of Chicago tech community
Caption Apple CEO Tim Cook
Lucy Nicholson / Reuters / Oct. 27, 2014
Apple CEO Tim Cook, who publicly came out as gay, speaks at the WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, Calif., earlier this year.
Apple CEO Tim Cook, who publicly came out as gay, speaks at the WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, Calif., earlier this year. (Lucy Nicholson / Reuters / Oct. 27, 2014)
Caption Chicago's LGBT community supports Apple's Tim Cook
Handout
Moira Hardek, from left, president and CEO of Galvanize Labs; Grant Zallis, board member of StartOut and group vice president at InContext Solutions; Mary Shea, adjunct professor of marketing at Booth and founder and CEO of tech sales and marketing consultancy RevvEx Group
Moira Hardek, from left, president and CEO of Galvanize Labs; Grant Zallis, board member of StartOut and group vice president at InContext Solutions; Mary Shea, adjunct professor of marketing at Booth and founder and CEO of tech sales and marketing consultancy RevvEx Group (Handout)
Tim Cook Apple Inc. University of Chicago Steve Jobs
Why Apple CEO Tim Cook inspires LGBT members of the Chicago tech community
When Apple CEO Tim Cook announced Thursday that he is gay, people around the world took notice. Cook is the leader of the most prominent technology company in the world, and now he is believed to be the first openly gay CEO of a Fortune 500 company. In Chicago, Cook’s public announcement was applauded by some in the local LGBT technology community, both for its openness and timing. 
Here’s what some had to say:
Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Thursday became the most prominent American corporate leader to come out as gay, saying he was trading his closely guarded privacy for the chance to help move civil rights forward. ( Tribune wire report )
• Grant Zallis, Chicago board member of StartOut, a national group committed to supporting LGBT entrepreneurs, and group vice president of InContext Solutions, on the way in which Cook delivered the announcement in the context of his business:
“His comments around not wanting to be a distraction from Apple’s core mission while knowing it’s a huge sign for others of us who are out in the technology community with growing companies, I think it’s really inspirational. It’s the right type of way to do it.
@cat-50 Unlike the 2 yo-yos below.
OakLawnBill
4
“It can be really tricky when you’re a leader of a large organization; you don’t want to make it about you. At the same time, for the community you’re part of, it’s incredibly important to have leaders you can look up to and gain knowledge from.”
• Moira Hardek, president and CEO of Galvanize Labs, creator of technology education game Taken Charge, on continuing the conversation:
“There’s so much hate being thrown around in the gaming and tech community. Now it’s more important than ever to be able to talk about that and show that visible presence. You want more people to stand up and talk about it. This will start more conversations about it. More people talking about it can only mean good things. The conversation is important.”
• Russ Martin, founder of Solo Founders Unite , on whether Cook’s announcement will encourage people to come out:
“On one side, it probably will influence some people if they’re already kind of on the fence to make the leap, but the other side of that — and I think the reason he waited — is we kind of have to build our reputations first. I think if he would have been out earlier as he was being named as Steve Jobs’ replacement, it would’ve been ‘Openly Gay Executive is Taking the Lead at Apple.’ Once he was in that role, he wanted to build that reputation so that being gay doesn’t define him, it becomes an extra trait. It’s the same math you go through in any role.”
• Mary Shea, adjunct assistant professor of marketing at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and founder and CEO of tech sales and marketing consultancy RevvEx Group, on whether Cook’s announcement might affect Apple:
“I don’t think there’s any downside. I think it’s an incredible occurrence. From a brand perspective, maybe if you think in parts of Asia or Africa, there could be some downside implications. The reality is people love their Apple products, and I think they’re going to continue purchasing them.”

Sensex  Nifty at all-time highs on reforms hopeSensex  Nifty at all-time highs on reforms hope
One killed  1 injured in crash of Virgin Galactic spacecraft: CNN  CNBCOne killed  1 injured in crash of Virgin Galactic spacecraft: CNN  CNBC
ITC net increases 9% on cigarette price riseITC net increases 9% on cigarette price rise
At Rs 371 crore  Union Bank net up 78%At Rs 371 crore  Union Bank net up 78%
Citigroup legal costs jump as currency probes accelerateCitigroup legal costs jump as currency probes accelerate
Selection norms for PSB chiefs revisedSelection norms for PSB chiefs revised
Migrants no-mans land in the Med© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e323bf80-60e0-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Galactic flight crashes in MojaveBranson vows to push ahead with space tourism after rocket crash
Robert Wright and Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd2c4aa-612d-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lake County News-SunMotley: Short-term police grants were ‘best thing to do at the time’
Though Waukegan faces a deficit nearly equal to the amount owed to public-safety personnel hired since 2011 under federal grant programs that are now set to expire, Mayor Wayne Motley says he would have supported the hirings had he been in office when the temporary funds were offered.

Colette A.M.PhillipsAmerica's Table: Thanksgiving a Celebration of America's Pluralism
(0) Comments | Posted November 21, 2014 | 1:43 PM
In just one week families and friends all across America will come together to celebrate that uniquely American holiday known as Thanksgiving. While there will be the traditional dishes of turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mashed potatoes, some of the foods and side dishes at the Thanksgiving table, much like...
7 Ways For Women to Win and Succeed in Business
(6) Comments | Posted October 30, 2014 | 8:18 PM
1.You Can't Do Or Have It . One of the downfall of many business and professional women is the "Superwoman Complex." Once you hang up the Superwoman cape and the Wonderwoman belt and recognize and accept this fact, your job will get a whole lot easier. Every successful person needs...
7 Ways to Success-Proof Your Career and Your Brand
(0) Comments | Posted October 16, 2014 | 1:42 PM
1. Have a Plan: If you to fail to plan, you plan to fail. Motivational speaker and life coach, Anthony Robbins, says it best, "If you don't have your own plan, someone else is going to make you fit into their plan."
Looking for a promotion? Thinking about a...
Women and People of Color Are the Missing Link on Corporate Boards: What Massachusetts Could Teach Corporate America
(0) Comments | Posted October  2, 2014 | 1:36 AM
America ranks 9th in the world, slightly ahead of Israel, a much smaller country, when it comes to women on corporate boards. According to the nonprofit organization Catalyst, women hold only 17 percent of corporate board seats and that figure has not changed in eight years. The Alliance for Board...
Mind Your Manners Tips for Effective Cross-Cultural Communications
(0) Comments | Posted July 30, 2014 | 7:12 PM
Communicating across cultures in the business world can often be confusing and uncertain, but it doesn't need to be. With a little bit of homework and open-mindedness you can avoid some of the barriers, pitfalls and potential faux pas when communicating cross culturally. As the founder of Get Konnected --...
Creating a New Normal: White Men at the Diversity Table
(1) Comments | Posted July  9, 2014 | 2:34 PM
Against the backdrop of today's highly competitive and fast changing global marketplace coupled with America's changing demographics, diversity and inclusion should be viewed not solely as a moral imperative, but from a perspective of enlightened self-interest and profitability. Because White men are the majority decision makers in the "C" suites...
The Art of Schmoozing: How Networking Really Works!
(0) Comments | Posted May 30, 2014 | 5:02 PM
Ask any successful person and they will tell you that networking is a key element in moving one's career forward. Your network is your networth. The art of developing powerful relationships can do wonders for one's career and business. Research shows that the best jobs are never advertised and 85%...
Multiculturalism: Good for the Bottomline and Your Gateway to Global Markets
(1) Comments | Posted May  1, 2014 | 11:36 AM
In today's highly competitive, volatile global marketplace, the most recent census figures offer compelling evidence that U.S. corporations, in their aggressive pursuit of overseas markets for their products and services, may be overlooking a multicultural consumer market gold mine in their own backyards.
New population estimates were...
You Are Your Brand!
(0) Comments | Posted April  9, 2014 | 11:26 AM
People are drawn to, and influenced by, individuals who communicate authentically, connect with people, and have immediate impact. In today's highly competitive workplace and marketplace, establishing and building a personal brand is a critical success factor to career and business advancement. Everyone, whether you recognize it or not, already has...

Sears Reportedly Closing More Than 100 StoresSears Reportedly Closing More Than 100 Stores, Laying Off 5,457 Workers
Reuters
Updated:
10/24/2014  3:00 pm EDT
reddit
Sears Holdings Corp is  shuttering more than 100 stores and laying off at least 5,457  employees, investor website Seeking Alpha reported on Thursday,  indicating the struggling retailer may be stepping up store  closures.
Sears said in August it had closed 96 stores in the six  months since February and planned to close a total of 130  underperforming stores during the full fiscal year. It added at  the time that it may shutter additional stores beyond the 130  target.
Sears spokesman Chris Brathwaite declined to comment on the  number of planned closures, saying the company would provide an  update when it reports quarterly earnings next month. Reducing  operations to the best performing stores is key to Sears'  revival strategy, he said.
"While this has resulted in store closures where appropriate  - decisions that we do not take lightly - we continue to have a  substantial nationwide footprint with a presence in many of the  top malls in the country," Brathwaite said.
Sears shares rose 5.9 percent to $36.46 on Nasdaq at  mid-afternoon.
Since August the company has moved to close at least 46  Kmart stores, 30 Sears department stores and 31 Sears Auto  Centers, Seeking Alpha said, citing local media reports and  liquidation notices. (http://bit.ly/1z0RVyd)
Sears is closing stores to cut costs as it shifts to an  "asset-light" business model. The company lost nearly $1 billion  during the first half of the fiscal year in a downturn that has  worried some vendors and prompted a series of moves by the  company to generate cash.
On Monday Sears said it would raise as much as $625 million  through an unsecured loan and equity warrants, about half of  which will be purchased by Chief Executive Eddie Lampert and his  hedge fund. It was the company's third fundraising in a little  over month.
It also said on Monday that it would lease seven stores to  discount fashion chain Primark for an undisclosed amount,  reflecting its effort to use generate rental income from better  performing retailers.
Sears had 1,077 Kmart stores and 793 Sears stores in the  United States as of Aug. 2. The company had 226,000 U.S.  employees as of Feb. 1.     (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bangalore and Nathan Layne  in Chicago; Editing by Kirti Pandey and Richard Chang)
More:

7 Ways For Women to Win and Succeed in Businessreddit
1.You Can't Do Or Have It . One of the downfall of many business and professional women is the "Superwoman Complex." Once you hang up the Superwoman cape and the Wonderwoman belt and recognize and accept this fact, your job will get a whole lot easier. Every successful person needs a dedicated support team or at the very least a wing man or woman. You don't have to do everything yourself! Trust your team to do the work, after all that's what you hired them to do. If you are an entrepreneur or small business owner, a great way to expand your staff is by engaging college students as interns. They can provide that extra help when you need it. Additionally, don't rule out family and friends. And do not wait until a project is in jeopardy or you are on the verge of being burned out or a nervous breakdown.  Remember that delegating empowers others and allows you to focus on the future as well as the big pictures.
2. Positive, Positive, Positive. A negative attitude will never yield positive results. Having a positive attitude helps you to succeed. Surround yourself with positive people who will encourage, inspire, support and motivate you. They will carry you through the tough days and cheer you on when you feel like giving up.
3. Add Humor To Your Work Research shows that laughter affects health, creativity, relationships and the quality of life. Poke fun at yourself, not at others. When your day gets too high-stress, lighten up! Lightening up the workplace reduces conflicts and stress and builds teamwork and productivity. Not to mention it's great for morale. Converting your staff and customers from unhappy to happy is good for business.
4. Keep Up With Current Events And News. Staying informed about what is happening in the world and in your local community is critical to your personal and professional development. No matter what business you are in, current events have an impact on your industry and your clients. Do not be caught off guard because you haven't taken ten minutes to read the morning paper. Daily papers are good sources of industry and corporate news, as well as contacts.
5. Be Generous To Your Community, Your Staff, And YourselfReward yourself and your employees for hard work and success. Take time to give back to your community through volunteer work and charitable contributions. Let this quote by Winston Churchill you -- "you make a living by what you do, but you make a life by what you give. Keep a brave heart and a beautiful spirit.
6 Become A Life-Long-Learner Learning and growing both personally and professionally is a lifelong process that drives our creativity, intelligence and ambition. Make it a priority to take courses and adopt new techniques that help you and your staff think out of the box. Innovation and reinvention are the order of the day.  Set aside time for brainstorming and idea sharing. Most important, don't be afraid to try new things and introduce yourself to new people. When you forego investments in yourself and your staff, you run the risk of allowing complacency to take root. How many times have you found yourself staring at the messy piles of paper in your office? Make sure to invest in an organizer to help clean your space. You will find this will lead to greater efficiency. Check out Napo.net (National Association of Professional Organizers). They offer a list of certified and reputable organizers like Hub Neat Organizer and Charles River Organizers both of whom are in my hometown.  I am using them to help me better organize my office and my home.
7. Stop And Smell The Roses Take a minute for yourself every day. Get some exercise, read a good book, take a hot bath or socialize with friends and family. Your work is important, but it is not everything in life. Appreciate all that life has to offer, and your energy will radiate at work, at home and through everything you do.
Follow Colette A.M.Phillips on Twitter: www.twitter.com/colettephillips
More:

10 Lessons I ve Learned As A Work-at-Home Momreddit
After I had my daughter, I felt the need to devote myself entirely to her. I became a stay-at-home mom and did just that. While my husband worked, I stayed home with our baby and nursed her, read to her, dangled toys in front of her, and took care of all of her needs while also taking care of our home. I was exhausted, but I also felt like something was missing in my life. I longed for assignments, to-do lists, and a little extra cash in my pocket. I realized that while motherhood enriches my life in myriad ways, it was still just one piece of my fulfillment as a woman and mother. So around the time my daughter turned a year old, I started working from home.
In online mom speak, I made the shift from SAHM to WAHM. Here are a few lessons I've learned along the way:
1. Being a work-at-home mom sometimes makes me feel like I've found this secret loophole in which I get to enjoy my kid but still get paychecks. For this I am utterly grateful.
2. If you work from home, you still need some kind of child care, or else both your work and parenting will suffer. The amount depends on your work commitment, ranging from working while a spouse or partner comes home, to nanny shares, to sending your child to day care.
3. Some people might think that because you're home, you should still be the person taking care of your home. But kids, work, and housework are a lot to handle! It can be hard to admit, but sometimes you need extra help. I wrote about this subject in my post, "I Hired a Maid and I Have No Regrets."
4. One of my job perks is having impromptu hugs whenever I want.
5. Not everyone understands what it means to work from home; some people think it means you can drop everything, any day, any time. In reality, you have deadlines and assignments you might have to work on every day like any other working parent.
6. Conference calls can always be muted if your toddler rushes into your office singing "Let It Go" at the top of her lungs.
7. Work-at-home moms need a dedicated office space in their home -- and don't even think a kitchen table is a suitable replacement. When I'm super busy and when I have someone watching my toddler, the most important feature of my office is the door. Because I know time is scarce, I can look at anything before me with hyper focus as long as I have a bit of peace.
8. My peak work hours are nap time, the evening after a spouse or partner comes home, and after my kid's bedtime. If you work during times that would normally be "family time," you have to work extra hard to achieve balance. I spend dinner with my husband and daughter because it's the only meal where she can spend time with both of us. Likewise, I will step away from my desk before bedtime so that we can all relax together.
9. Just because you work from home doesn't mean you aren't held to the same standards as any in-office professional. If you don't get the work done, you are not going to be employed very long.
10. Motherhood endows you with incredible multi-tasking skills, so you can handle various facets of work simultaneously. You also know that your hours are limited so you might finally be able to break that procrastination habit -- I know I did.
If you like my writing, check out my latest post, I Hired a Maid and I Have No Regrets or find me at jaymiranda.com
Follow Jay Miranda on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jaymiranda_
More:

Coal scam: Court to consider CBI s reports o...You are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
Coal scam: Court to consider CBI's final reports on November 12
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 07.49PM IST
(A Delhi court today fixed…)
NEW DELHI: A Delhi court today fixed November 12 for considering CBI's two final reports filed in a coal blocks allocation scam case involving Navbharat Power Pvt Ltd (NPPL) and its officials.
Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar sought certain clarifications from the agency on its final reports in which it had filed charge sheet against NPPL, its Managing Director and Vice-Chairman Harish Chandra Prasad and Chairman P Trivikrama Prasad.
The agency had also filed a supplementary final report in the case saying no offence was found to have been committed by the public servants.
The Supreme Court-appointed special public prosecutor R S Cheema, however, had differed with the CBI giving clean chit to ex-coal secretary H C Gupta and two other serving public servants saying they had "illegally allocated" coal blocks to the firm.
Cheema had said that CBI's supplementary final report, giving clean chit to Gupta and public servants, was kind of a full charge sheet and if the court feels, it can take cognisance of the offences.
The charge sheet was filed against NPPL and its officials for offences under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy) read with 420 (cheating) of IPC for allegedly misrepresenting facts, including inflated net worth, to acquire coal blocks in Rampia and Dip Side of Rampia in Odisha.
CBI had earlier alleged that the net worth of the firm applying for coal blocks was an important factor to determine its financial strength and NPPL had fraudulently claimed in its application that it was supported by Globeleq Singapore Pvt Ltd, Navbharat Ventures Ltd and Mahalaxmi Group Ltd.
NPPL and its officials were named as accused by the agency for allegedly conspiring and cheating by misrepresenting facts to "embellish" its applications to get allotments between 2006 and 2009.
The FIR in the case was lodged after a preliminary enquiry was initiated by CBI on a reference by CVC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBOE considers reducing trading hours for VIX futuresCBOE considers reducing trading hours for VIX futures
CBOE
Bloomberg file photo
A CBOE plaque is seen near the front entrance to the Chicago Board Options Exchange in Chicago.
A CBOE plaque is seen near the front entrance to the Chicago Board Options Exchange in Chicago. (Bloomberg file photo)
Reuters
CBOE Holdings may trim trading hours at its futures exchange after suffering glitches that disrupted activity this month, the company's president said on Friday.
The CBOE Futures Exchange experienced problems related to extended market hours for futures on its CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX, as trading volumes spiked, CBOE President Ed Provost said on a call to discuss third-quarter earnings.
Read the story
The increase in volumes made it difficult for the exchange to complete end-of-day processing for VIX futures during the 15-minute window in which the market is closed, he said.
The problems, which delayed the start of trading, emerged this month as widening concerns about the global economy pressured stocks and propelled futures volume. Trading in VIX futures set consecutive single-day volume records on Oct. 14 and 15.
CBOE this summer extended the trading cycle for VIX futures to nearly 24 hours a day to attract more Asian business. The market closes at 3:15 p.m. CDT (2015 GMT) Monday through Thursday and the next trading day begins at 3:30 p.m. CDT (2030 GMT).
0
The 15-minute break is short compared to the 45-minute pauses between the end of one trading session and the start of another for other futures contracts, Provost said.
The exchange has made changes to end-of-day processing that should prevent glitches from recurring after busy trading sessions, Provost told analysts on the call. Still, the company may extend the 15-minute break, he added.
More than 9 percent of VIX futures trading takes place during non-U.S. trading hours following the implementation of nearly around-the-clock trading, according to CBOE.
The company is mulling a reduction in hours as it delays the start of extended trading for options on the VIX and the S&P 500 Index, or SPX.
Trading for VIX and SPX options will increase to 13 hours a day from 6 hours and 45 minutes in the first quarter of 2015, rather than by the end of this year as planned, CBOE Chief Executive Ed Tilly said on the call. CBOE needed additional time to complete the regulatory approval process, he said.
CBOE on Friday reported stronger-than-expected third-quarter earnings due to an increase in trading volumes.

http://usat.ly/1u128sw12 hideous ways to lose money in October
By: Matt Krantz October 31, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
October has quite the dismal reputation with investors. Some even avoid the month like the plague. There are a dozen stocks that show why October is one of investors’ worst fears.
There are 12 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including energy firm Nabors (NBR) , cosmetics company and retailer Avon (AVP) and retailer Urban Outfitters (URBN) that fell 15% or more during the month of October, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ. The October losses were so great they pushed seven of these stocks into loss territory for the year or deeper into the red.
What’s funny is despite all the worry about the month of October — and despite the mid-month volatility — it turned out to be a decent period for stocks. The S&P 500 rose a respectable 1% during the month pushing the index up 7.8% for the year. Not great — but not the freak show some feared.
But that’s not the case for investors in the wrong stocks.
The worst stock of October is Nabors Industries, an oil-drilling company. Falling oil prices during the early fall have been a big problem for energy stocks, with the exploration companies like Nabors taking the worst of the hit. The stock lost 23% of its value in October alone, pushing its shares’ gain for the year down to 2.8%.
But it’s hard to find a more frightening stock than Avon Products. Not only is the stock down 21.9% in the month of October, but is off a crushing 42% this year. The stock is way down even though the company on Thursday reported an adjusted quarterly profit of 23 cents a share, topping expectations by 44%. The stock fell 9% to $9.97 on the news, though, since revenue at $2.1 billion missed expectations. Avon is also pressured by the fact revenue is expected to fall 1% next year.
A bright spot to all this horror? All but one of the worst stocks of October, First Solar, are rated “outperform” or “buy” by Wall Street analysts. But for now, investors can only reflect on the pain they’ve endured in during the month.
S&P 500 STOCKS DECLINED THE MOST IN OCTOBER
Company

Growth of 8 core industries plunges to 1.9 % in SeptGrowth of 8 core industries plunges to 1.9 % in Sept
With Andersons death  Bhopal victims still hope for justiceNew Delhi/Bhopal, October 31, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 11:33 IST
Centre will now bring to book other accused, hope victims
Mahim Pratap Singh
PTI Bhopal gas tragedy survivors protest beside a poster of Warren Anderson in front of the Union Carbide Factory, in Bhopal on Friday.
TOPICS
industrial accident
Activists and victims hoped that the Centre would, at least now, take steps to bring the guilty company to book
Activists and victims express the hope that with the death of Warren Anderson, former chief executive officer of the Union Carbide Corporation (UCC), the Centre will, at least now, take steps to bring the guilty company to book by making the other accused stand trial and bring a sense of closure to the survivors and other affected persons.
“We know that it is not part of our culture even to speak ill of a dead person, let alone spit on his picture. But what to do? The people are so angry over what has happened and is continuing to happen,” said Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Purush Sangharsh Morcha president Nawab Khan, an affected person himself, about the public show of anger at the now-defunct Union Carbide factory in Bhopal as news of his death spread on Friday.
Anderson was the chief executive officer of the UCC, owner of Union Carbide India Ltd., which ran the plant from where the deadly methyl isocyanate leaked into the densely populated bastis of Old Bhopal.
The UCC is now an American corporation wholly owned by the Dow Chemical Company. The tragedy was one of the worst industrial disasters in the world, leaving thousands of people dead and over half a million injured on the intervening night of December 2 and 3, barely three days after Anderson celebrated his 63rd birthday.
Satinath Sarangi, member of the Bhopal Group for Information and Action, said, “There is enough evidence to establish that Anderson was directly involved in decision-making as well as oversight of the design, operation and maintenance of the Bhopal factory and was fully aware of the hazards the factory posed to the lives and health of the residents of the city. He is also guilty of approving the faulty waste management system used in the Bhopal factory that is responsible for the ongoing contamination of soil and groundwater. Hopefully, Anderson’s life in hiding and his ignominious death will be a lesson for all corporate criminals.”
Safreen Khan of Children Against Dow Carbide said, “From our childhood, we have been looking upon Anderson’s face as the face of evil. Now that man has died. I suppose the face of Andrew Liveris, Dow Chemical’s CEO, will now be the new face of evil.”
Having fled India in a government-arranged plane in the aftermath of the tragedy, Anderson lived the rest of his life a fugitive, a declared absconder from Indian law.
The tragedy, his wife, Lilian, told CBS news five years ago, “haunted him for many years.”
Anderson, born in Brooklyn, U.S., on November 29, 1921 to Swedish immigrants, was named after the then American president, Warren Harding. A carpenter’s son, he started as a salesman at the UCC and rose through the ranks to become its CEO. He retired in 1965 to lead a relaxed life — gardening, fishing and baking Swedish bread according to an old family recipe, The New York Times reported.
Following the tragedy, he arrived in India on December 6 and was immediately arrested, only to be released a few days later. Indian industry then termed the arrest arbitrary and unjustified, with J.R.D. Tata saying he was “dismayed and astonished at the arrest.”
Arjun Singh’s admission
The late Arjun Singh, the then Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister, said he facilitated Anderson’s departure by a government plane following “persistent calls” from the Union Home Ministry.
“GOI [Government of India] officials may feel that, for political reasons, they need to be perceived as being concerned about extraditing Mr. Anderson. Although this does not currently appear to be a high priority bilateral issue for the GOI,” said a report sent to the United States State Department from the U.S. Consulate in Mumbai.
Another letter by the Consulate, dated July 6, 2004, cited the advice of the then Attorney-General Soli Sorabjee in 2001: “Efforts should not be made to extradite Mr. Anderson as there was inadequate evidence to link him directly to the cause of the gas leak.”

UK to repay tranche of perpetual war loansUK to repay tranche of perpetual war loans
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94653f60-60e8-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US stocks: Dow hits record high; BoJ ramps up stimulusUS stocks rose sharply, with the Dow hitting an intraday record high as Bank of Japan significantly ramped up its stimulus program.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks rose sharply on Friday, with the Dow hitting an intraday record high as the Bank of Japan significantly ramped up its stimulus program, just days after the Federal Reserve wound down its years-long package of incentives.
The S&P 500 came within 0.1 per cent of its record high, after the December e-minis contract hit an intraday record earlier.
Gains were broad, with the benchmark S&P 500 index posting 124 new 52-week highs and two new lows; and the Nasdaq Composite recording 214 new highs and 31 new lows. Among the biggest positives on the S&P 500, Abbvie shares rose 4 per cent after the drugmaker reported quarterly earnings and said it could deliver strong long-term growth without rushing into another big merger attempt.
The BoJ's board voted to accelerate purchases of Japanese government bonds while tripling its purchases of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts.
That could help the outlook for stocks, especially if the US economy keeps improving.
"Economic growth (in the United States) is looking pretty good, earnings are good ... we will end the year certainly closer to 2,100 than 2,000 on the S&P 500," said Paul Zemsky, chief investment officer of multi-asset strategies and solutions at Voya Investment Management in New York.
The majority of S&P 500 companies are beating earnings expectations so far. With results in from 70 per cent of companies, 75.8 per cent are reporting earnings above analyst expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 63 per cent average in the past 20 years.
At 1:11 p.m. Eastern time, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 172.81 points, or 1 per cent, to 17,368.23, the S&P 500 gained 19.12 points, or 0.96 per cent, to 2,013.77 and the Nasdaq Composite added 59.55 points, or 1.3 per cent, to 4,625.69.
The US dollar rallied as well, pressuring crude oil prices and spot gold, which dropped 2.6 per cent, the most for any day this year. A strong dollar makes commodities such as oil more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
Page 1 of 2

No tears in Bhopal for AndersonNew Delhi/BHOPAL, October 31, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 01:39 IST
Anderson dead, no tears in Bhopal
Mahim Pratap Singh
USA
There was no redemption for Warren M. Anderson — accused no. 1 in the criminal case pertaining to the Bhopal gas tragedy — in life. On Thursday, it seemed there was none in death. Hearing of his death, a full one month after he passed away at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida, on September 29, survivors of the Bhopal gas tragedy assembled outside the now-defunct Union Carbide factory and placed a large portrait of him. Then, one by one, they spat at the photograph. With his death, the struggle to get the former CEO of Union Carbide extradited has hit a dead end.
The tragedy was one of the worst industrial disasters in the world, leaving thousands of people dead and over half a million injured on the intervening night of December 2 and 3, 1984. Anderson was the chief executive officer of the UCC, owner of Union Carbide India Ltd., which ran the plant from where the deadly methyl isocyanate leaked into the densely populated bastis of Old Bhopal.

http://usat.ly/1DDlSSEEMAIL
iStockphoto, Getty Images Thinkstock
Investors who got greedy while others were terrified this year — especially during October — are counting their riches now.
CareFusion (CFN) , a medical technology company, just delivered a monthly gain of 27.6% — making it the best-performing stock in the Standard & Poor’s 500 in October. Had you owned this stock and all the other best stocks of each month of the year, you’d be looking at an impressive 1,196% gain in 10 months. Not bad.
To put this another way, had you invested $10,000 in January in the best stock of the month, Harman International (HAR) , and shifted each month to the best stock, you would be sitting on $129,632.68 now.
This cannot be stressed enough: Clearly choosing the best stock of each month is unrealistic and impossible (unless you’re strangely lucky). But looking at the best stocks of each month shows where investors were shifting their money as they adjusted to the market’s constantly changing trends. Above all, though, it’s a reminder of how bailing out of the market — especially when it’s looking scary — can be costly.
The month of October shaped up to be a decent period for stocks, with the S&P 500 rising 2.1%. That beats the 1.6% decline in September and is the best month since gaining 3.8% in August.
But clearly — picking the best stocks has hyper-charged returns.
CareFusion’s massive October gain was another example of one of the best ways to make money this year: Getting a company bought. The company, which makes a variety of medical devices, agreed to be bought by Becton, Dickinson (BDX) for $12.2 billion or $58 a share. Not surprisingly, the stock shot up 23% on the news.
The best monthly performance for any stock this year still belongs to Monster Beverage (MNST), which gained 38.2% in the month of August.
October might have scared investors during the month. But it’s just another example of why other peoples’ fear can actually be very profitable.
BEST STOCKS IN THE S&P 500 EACH MONTH THIS YEAR
Company

Recent Moves by Central Banks  at a Glancerecent moves by central banks  at a glance
Banks breathe sigh of relief over UK leverage ratioBanks breathe sigh of relief over UK leverage ratio
Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/154fd498-610a-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Manappuram Finance net up 9.6% at Rs 76.43 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

S&P 500 eyes record after BoJ boostS&P 500 ends at record after BoJ boost
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ecde5a-60aa-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pfizer gets breather as IPAB quashes order rejecting patent for arthritis drugE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Data Drive: State of the statesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US judge rejects Ebola quarantine for nurse KaciHickoxA Maine judge gave nurse Kaci Hickox the OK to go wherever she pleases, handing state officials a defeat.
By: Associated Press | Fort Kent | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:11 am
A Maine judge gave nurse Kaci Hickox the OK to go wherever she pleases, handing state officials a defeat Friday in their bid to restrict her movements as a precaution against Ebola.
In a case that has come to define the clash between personal freedom and fear of disease, Judge Charles C LaVerdiere ruled that Hickox must continue daily monitoring but said there’s no need to isolate her or restrict her movements because she’s not showing symptoms of Ebola.
Governor Paul LePage disagreed with the judge’s decision but said the state will follow the law.
“As governor, I have done everything I can to protect the health and safety of Mainers. The judge has eased restrictions with this ruling and I believe it is unfortunate. However, the state will abide by law,” LePage said.
After the ruling, a state police cruiser that had been monitoring her Hickox’s movements left, and she and her boyfriend stepped outside to thank the judge.
Hickox called it “a good day” and said her “thoughts, prayers and gratitude” remain with those who are still battling Ebola in West Africa.
The state went to court Thursday to impose restrictions on Hickox until the 21-day incubation period for Ebola ends on November 10.
Hickox, who treated Ebola patients in Sierra Leone, contended that confinement at her home in Maine violated her rights. She twice violated the state’s voluntary quarantine by going outside her home — once to go on a bike ride and once to talk to the media and shake a reporter’s hand.
In his ruling, the judge thanked Hickox for her service in Africa and acknowledged the gravity of restricting someone’s constitutional rights without solid science to back it up.
“The court is fully aware of the misconceptions, misinformation, bad science and bad information being spread from shore to shore in our country with respect to Ebola,” he wrote. “The court is fully aware that people are acting out of fear and that this fear is not entirely rational.”
A spokesman for LePage declined to say if the state would request a hearing on the judge’s ruling. Steve Hyman, one of her lawyers, said the hearing would be unnecessary.
“She has violated every promise she has made so far, so I can’t trust her,” LePage later told reporters after a campaign event. “I don’t trust her. And I don’t trust that we know enough about this disease to be so callous.”
Hickox, 33, stepped into the media glare when she returned from Sierra Leone to become subject to a mandatory quarantine in New Jersey. After being released from a hospital there, she returned to this small town, where she was placed under what Maine authorities called a voluntary quarantine.
She said she is following the federal Centers for Disease Control continued…

Plea for relief to farmers kin: SC notice to GujaratgovtPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:07 am
The Supreme Court Friday issued a notice to the Gujarat government on a plea, seeking compensation to families of debt-ridden 619 farmers who allegedly committed suicides in the state since 2003. The petition was filed by NGO Citizens Resource and Action Initiative, which also sought a direction to the state to pay compulsory financial aid of Rs 30,000 per hectare to the farmers who have suffered crop failure.

Centre pleads in apex court: Vacate order onNBWLPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:05 am
The Centre Friday requested the Supreme Court to vacate its interim order restraining the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) from implementing any of its decisions for allegedly altering the composition of the regulatory body.
The court had said in August the panel’s constitution is not in consonance with the Wildlife Act, 1972.
The National Board for Wildlife is headed by the Prime Minister and is the top body under the Act and its standing committee, headed by the Environment Minister.
It reviews projects which fall in and around national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and tiger reserves.    ENS

Virgin spaceship crashes  fate of pilots unk...Virgin spaceship crashes in US desert, pilot dead
By AFP | 1 Nov, 2014, 02.41AM IST
This handout file image obtained October 31, 2014, courtesy of NASA and Mars Scientific/Clay Center Observatory shows SpaceShipTwo as it completed its second powered flight on September 5,2013 over the Mojave desert.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CAPE CANAVERAL: Virgin Galactic's first commercial spacecraft crashed Friday during a test flight over California, scattering debris over the desert and leaving at least one pilot dead, officials said.
Television images showed the wreckage of SpaceShipTwo, a test vehicle that flies to the edge of space, amid brush in the desert east of Mojave, a few hours' drive northeast of Los Angeles.
The incident is second disaster involving a US spacecraft this week, after an unmanned Orbital Science rocket carrying supplie to the International Space Station exploded after launch on Tuesday.
It is also a huge blow to British tycoon Richard Branson's long-held dream of offering the first commercial space flights.
The Virgin chief made no immediate comment on the accident. "During the test, the vehicle suffered a serious anomaly resulting in the loss of SpaceShipTwo. Our first concern is the status of the pilots," the firm said in a tweet.
Virgin Galactic said the fate of the pilots was unknown but the California Highway Patrol confirmed reports that one pilot had died another was serious injured, and taken to hospital.
"We will work closely with relevant authorities to determine the cause of this accident and provide updates as soon as we are able to do so," Virgin said.
Officials were due to give a press conference at 2:00 pm (2100 GMT) to release more details of the accident, according to the KGET local TV station.
The spaceship had been carried aloft on a bigger aircraft known as WhiteKnightTwo and then released for a test of its rocket engine above the Mojave desert, in what was the 35th such flight.
"SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely," the firm wrote in a blow-by-blow account of the flight, adding: "Ignition! SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again."
The next tweet announced the "anomaly", followed by the series confirming the crash. The company added that WhiteKnightTwo had landed safely after the accident.
More than 500 people have already reserved seats -- and paid a deposit on the $200,000 ticket price -- for a minutes-long suborbital flight on SpaceShipTwo, which can carry six passengers.
It is the commercial version of SpaceShipOne, the first private spacecraft to reach the edge of space in 2004, and which is now on display at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington.
Private companies are rushing to fill the gap left by NASA, which ended its 30-year shuttle program in July with the completion of the final Atlantis mission to the International Space Station (ISS).
Friday's incident is the second involving a space craft this week, after the Orbital Science rocket exploded six seconds after launch on a resupply mission to the ISS.
Initial investigations into that explosion centered on the pair of rocket engines providing its thrust, which were made during the Soviet era and refurbished.
The Ukrainian-designed AJ-26 engines date back to the 1960s and 1970s, and Aerojet Rocketdyne of Sacramento, California has a stockpile that it refurbishes for Orbital Sciences.
Virgin Galactic's spacecraft breaks up on test flight...
of 9
Virgin Galactic's spacecraft breaks up
Text: AP
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo blew apart after being released from a carrier aircraft at high altitude.
The winged spaceship designed to take tourists on excursions beyond Earth's atmosphere broke up during a test flight over the Mojave Desert, killing a pilot in the second fiery setback for commercial space travel in less than a week.
One pilot died
One pilot was found dead inside the spacecraft and another parachuted out and was flown by helicopter to a hospital.
In pic: A piece of debris is seen near the scene of the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo near Cantil, California.
Crash area
The crash area was about 120 miles (193 kilometers) north of downtown Los Angeles and 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the Mojave Air and Space Port, where the mid-morning flight originated.
In pic: This image from video by KABC TV Los Angeles shows wreckage of SpaceShipTwo in Southern California's Mojave Desert.
Accident
The accident occurred just as it seemed commercial space flights were near, after a period of development that lasted far longer than hundreds of prospective passengers had expected.
In pic: A piece of debris is seen near the scene of the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo near Cantil, California.
Brief rocket firing
This flight marked the 55th for SpaceShipTwo, which was intended to be the first of a fleet of craft. This was only the fourth flight to include a brief rocket firing.
The rockets fire after the spacecraft is released from the underside of a larger carrying plane. During other flights, the craft either was not released from its mothership or functioned as a glider after release.
In pic: The Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo rocket explodes in the air during a test flight.
Next

Closing Bell Exchange: Next correctionclosing bell exchange: next correction
Gold below Rs 26k after 3 yearsGold below Rs 26k after 3 years
Indian market continues its climbIndian market continues its climb
Burkina Faso president resigns amid protestsBurkina Faso president resigns amid protests
Sardar united India  1984 riots divided it  says ModiSardar united India  1984 riots divided it  says Modi
BoJ surprises world with easy money policy to raise inflationBoJ surprises world with easy money policy to raise inflation
Appointment of 8 public bank CMDs by Nov-endAppointment of 8 public bank CMDs by Nov-end
Virgin spaceship crashes  fate of pilots unknownVirgin spaceship crashes  fate of pilots unknown
Mad Men s Christina Hendricks says a modern mouthfulIt's Mad Men's Christina Hendricks first day in a modern office and it seems despite the infusion of modern technology, some things haven't changed. 
Watch Funny or Die's video here .

Lead Well: How to Avoid Making Your Best People Care Lessreddit
Whether you lead a team of two or 2,000, it's likely you've noticed the value of hiring and retaining capable, self-motivated people.  Yet it's all too common--and completely avoidable--that you inadvertently do little things that may de-motivate your "go to" people in big ways. Here are ten life-tested watch list items to make sure that as a leader, you're not making your best people care less:
Be candid, direct and timely with constructive feedback. Don't hold back a helpful observation for your person's annual or semi-annual review. Deliver it, even when it's a hard message, and particularly if/when you find yourself wanting to avoid it.
There will be ebbs and flows in the volume of work, so it's important your people can flex with demands, but are not overloaded in a prolonged, burnout-inducing way. It's important to your people that you actually care about their workload--so I suggest from time to time you actively check in with them about their volume of work in relation to their capacity.
Tap in to (and take seriously) your people's experience, knowledge, and ideas. Be respectful and appreciative of their ideas, even when you may disagree or feel you have better ones. Hear them out, ask clarifying questions, and seek first to understand them.
Given times you may be more and less busy yourself, overall don't be aloof, opaque or unapproachable. On average, be more responsive and available to your people than not, ensuring you spend time with them regularly.
Show interest in and actively support your people's learning and career development. Ask them questions about where they want to head and why, and see what you can do to help them accordingly.
Recognize your people's accomplishments, spotlight them in more senior forums, and make sure they get credit for wins. Don't take credit for your people's work.
Don't ask or tell your people to do things you wouldn't be perfectly willing to do yourself.
When you give your people responsibility for something, give them authority to act on it in their own way, and a wide enough berth to "fail small" if needed to learn something.
From time to time, ask your people for candid, constructive feedback about how you are leading them; take what they say to heart, and if it rings true (whether or not you agree with it) do something about it.
Ensure the impact of your leadership on your people, and that of your organization on the world overall are both positive, and therefore sustainable.
Follow David Peck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/recoveringleadr
More:

BSE Sensex soars by 2 pct to record high; Bank of Japan s surprise easing helps rallyOn Thursday, Sensex surged about 248 points to end at new peak of 27,346.33, extending gains for the third day.
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:44 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 4:11 pm
BSE Sensex surged nearly 2 percent on Friday to a record high for the second consecutive day after Bank of Japan’s surprise expansion of its massive stimulus programme raised hopes for additional foreign inflows, boosting blue-chips such as Larsen and Toubro.
The 30-share BSE index rose as much as 2 percent to an all-time high of 27,894.32, while the NSE index gained as much as 1.98 percent to mark a record high of 8,330.70, surpassing their previous highs hit on Thursday.
Larsen & Toubro surged 3.6 percent, while Housing Development Finance Corp rose 4.1 percent.
Both the indexes are also heading towards their eighth month of gains in nine.
 

1984 riots: Widows  orphans  addicts and pending trialsBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

At lavish event  Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra CM  Uddhav Thackeray at swearing-inE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tricks in past  Oct. ends with sweet  market treatTricks behind it, October ends with sweet, market treat
By: Adam Shell October 31, 2014 7:42 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Tricks turned to treats for investors in October. Pictured: Kindergartner Adelaide Quist of Lena Whitmore Elementary School in Moscow, Idaho. (AP/Moscow-Pullman Daily News)
October, the month known for stock market crashes, delivered its nasty bag of tricks to investors earlier this month. But the month, also known as a time when markets bottom out and turn up, ended up delivering a sweet treat to Wall Street.
The big October surprise, given its reputation as a spooky month due to famous crashes in 1929 and 1987, is that the stock market made a sharp U-turn mid-month, and engineered a “V-shaped” recovery that enabled the broad U.S. market to narrowly avoid its first official correction, or drop of 10% or more from a prior high, since late 2011.
Heading into Friday’s trading session, the Dow Jones industrial average, Standard & Poor’s 500 and Nasdaq composite are all less than 1% below their recent peaks. All three indexes are up sharply in pre-market trading and have a shot at making either new all-time or 2014 highs today if the rally sticks through the close.
The month started off badly, exacerbating fears that stocks would suffer another 1987-type shock. On the first trading day of October, investors were confronted with the first case of Ebola diagnosed on U.S. soil and the small-cap Russell 2000 entering official correction territory. The result: a Dow drop of 238 points. The market then got spooked by a global growth scare, and the S&P 500-stock index dipping below its average price over the past 200 days, which signaled the long-term uptrend was in jeopardy.
Then on Oct. 15, with the Dow down 460 points and on the verge of collapse, the market suddenly reversed course, finishing the day down just 173 points. At its intra-day low of 15,855 that day, the Dow was off 8.2% from its Sept. 19 record close of 17,279.74.
The market hasn’t looked back since. Powered by a strong third-quarter earnings season, which was jump-started back on Oct. 17 by a key earnings “beat” from Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley, the market regained its footing.
The bullish vibe picked up steam as negative headlines turned positive. Ebola fears faded as the spread of the virus in the U.S. was halted. Apple, the world’s most valuable company, topped profit forecasts on Oct. 21, the same day China’s third-quarter growth came in at 7.3%, topping expectations. Two days later better-than-expected profit reports from Dow components and U.S. bellwethers Caterpillar and 3M added to the newfound optimism. Not even the Federal Reserve’s announcement Wednesday that it was ending its market-friendly bond-buying program could derail the rally.
Finally, in a powerful one-two punch of good news the past two days, Visa posted blowout earnings Thursday and the Bank of Japan gave investors reason to cheer Friday when it announced fresh stimulus measures to jump-start its sagging economy and try to avoid a deflationary spiral.
Also, boosting stock prices, according to Citigroup, was a surprise announcement by Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF), which manages 127 trillion yen, or $1.13 trillion U.S. dollars. The fund said it was doubling its investments in both Japanese and global stocks to 25% of its portfolio, from 12%. Overall, the GPIF’s total portfolio will see stocks grow to a 50% stake, from 25%. A 50% stake in stocks is equivalent to $565 billion in buying power. The move by the GPIF is bullish as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The result: The stock market has enjoyed a sugar-high-type rally, with most of the major U.S. stock indexes looking like they will wipe out all of the sizable losses they chalked up midway through October.
An hour after the opening bell, the Dow was up 170 points, or 1%, to 17,365. Earlier in the session it hit a new intraday record of 17,368.32. The Nasdaq was up 1.4% t0 4629, notching a fresh 14-plus year high. The Standard & Poor’s 500 was 1% higher at 2014.
Here’s a chart showing how far the major stock indexes fell from their recent closing highs to their October intra-day lows — and how close they were to wiping out their losses at the start of trading today.
Index          Max. intraday % drop     % off recent high
Dow            -8.2%                                 -0.5%
S&P 500     -9.5%                                 -0.8%
Nasdaq      -10.5%                                -0.7%
USA TODAY research
 

With a bullet: Russia  Japan  Mila KunisSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Russia raised its benchmark interest rate by 1.5 percentage points, to 9.5%, presumably to defend the ruble , which has been hitting new lows. Meanwhile, Japan has entered another round of monetary stimulus similar to the Federal Reserve’s recently ended bond-buying program.
AP Photo/Bruce Schreiner
The rising value of the dollar makes oil, which is priced in dollars, more expensive worldwide , driving demand (and prices) down further. The AAA average price of gasoline per gallon is now $3.004 , down from $3.333 a month ago.
Department of recidivism: Citigroup (ticker: C) has set aside another $600 million to pay for further expected legal costs .
England is starting to redeem War Bonds issued to finance the first World War . Unable to retire them when they came due, the U.K. simply kept paying interest – about 1.27 billion pounds since 1927.
Photo by Kevin Mazur/WireImage
Stock ownership isn’t just for the rich . Among the middle 20% of families, who earn an average $49,600, almost half own some stocks, according to the Federal Reserve.

What every female founder needs to knowFacebook country
Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘nation state’ plans
I am curious to see if anything has really changed for British start-ups. My first job at the FT in 1999 was covering technology during the inglorious days of the bubble. In April 2000, I wrote about the new generation of UK entrepreneurs, asking “whether, unlike their predecessors, they can make it on the world stage”. The obstacles to success are even higher for women. In the 1990s boom there were only a few female founders in London, such as Martha Lane Fox at Lastminute.com. Over Foreign Office austerity hors d’oeuvres, I am curious about the new generation.
Unlike a decade ago, when many British tech businesses were copycats of American ones, or focused on ecommerce, these businesses are eclectic. They include a software company that analyses which customers send online orders back; a healthcare company that tracks when women are most fertile; a developer of behavioural analytics software for professional investors; and Blippar, a mobile visual browser. Although the female founders have been selected because their businesses have increased revenues, on average, by 300 per cent a year, will these women succeed? Is the next Facebook founder in our midst?
Scale and ambition
Pilgrimages to Silicon Valley can be dismissed as mere “innovation tourism”. Foreign executives ditch their suits, arriving “pale, jet-lagged and dressed in black”, as one investor told the FT this year. At a party I bump into an FT consultant who has gone a step further: dying his hair neon blue, and quitting his job to remain here. Such is the Valley’s seductive appeal.
©Caroline Daniel
Nextdoor’s HQ features concrete walls, ping-pong tables and kale juice in the fridge
Our group is already entrepreneur-hip, with blue nail polish, knapsacks and orange cycling pants on display. Our first stop is Nextdoor, a private social network for neighbourhood communities. It has concrete walls, ping-pong tables and word magnets on the fridge turned into “poems”. Several employees watch the live screening of Apple’s Watch launch. It is here that we get our first Silicon Valley lesson: “Scale and ambition is everything.”
Sarah Leary, Nextdoor’s co-founder, casually establishes her credentials by revealing that a previous start-up she was involved with became Shopping.com, selling for $625m. She raised $7m for a sports website but it failed to gain enough traction. “We had meetings trying to come up with new billion-dollar ideas. We felt an urgency to work on something that had the potential to be a great company. We knew what success felt like. We weren’t experiencing that.”
The new business has signed up 49,000 neighbourhoods in four years. “This has the potential to be one of the biggest social networks, with LinkedIn and Facebook,” she says.
Such bold assertions are typical. “In investor meetings you need to be brash and bold,” explains Ruzwana Bashir, a British entrepreneur now based here. “In the UK you are not supposed to say you are going to change the world. As women, we tend to not want to be as brash. Even if you think you are sounding big-headed, you’re not. You are up against young brash men.”
We want to become a verb. We want people to say they Blipp
- Jess Butcher, CMO and co-founder of Blippar
Our group is hardly lacking in soaring rhetoric. “We want to become a verb. We want people to say they Blipp,” asserts Jess Butcher, co-founder of Blippar. The name of Bethany Koby’s business is equally immodest: Technology Will Save Us. Her aim is for her DIY tech kits to be in “all schools”.
Yet, it is not enough for founders to be confident; their investors need to be too. Nextdoor has raised $100m but “we’re not monetised yet. That is an explicit strategy,” admits Leary. “Our investors are very patient.”
That detail is a talking point later. “I was amazed at the strategic decision to be pre-revenue for four years,” says Debbie Wosskow, who runs LoveHomeSwap.com, a “grown-up Airbnb” allowing owners to swap their homes for short periods. “In Europe there aren’t many VCs that would even listen to that conversation. That business could not originate this side of the pond.”
One problem is the funding gap. Sherry Coutu, co-founder of SVC2UK, a leading tech investor and our consigliere, says: “The amount of capital in Silicon Valley is $60bn. In the UK $10bn.”
“Venture capital here is willing to back a business without an immediate route to revenue,” says McLoughlin. “It is one of the reasons why we don’t have a Google or Facebook.”
©Caroline Daniel
Even foxes have to make it on their own in Silicon Valley’s survival of the fittest ethos
For an insight into real scale and ambition, we head to Google . Google’s founders want it to be “relevant in 100 years”, says Rachel Whetstone, senior vice-president of communications and public policy, and a former Conservative party chief of staff. Dressed in grey puffa jacket and Converse sneakers, she has a rapid-fire delivery. “Big breakthroughs in technology are about big change. You have to focus on the forward-looking stuff, or you will lead your company to irrelevance.”
Google is famous for allowing its engineers to spend up to 20 per cent of their time on pet projects. Roberta Lucca, who runs Bossa Studios, a games company, and has just created a 3D start-up, asked one engineer how Google evaluates these experiments. “If it only works for 100 million people, it’s not really interesting. It needs to be at least 500 million.” It is the casualness of that sentence that is the wake-up call.
Culture is everything
After the distressed-warehouse vibe of San Francisco, Palo Alto and Menlo Park seem moneyed, anonymous, sprawling and lacking in soul. “It is like Reading but with palm trees,” as one entrepreneur puts it.
Facebook’s headquarters are not what I expect. First impressions are of a new, corporate culture being grafted on to its freewheeling, arrogant-developer one. Posters everywhere proclaim corporate slogans. “Slow Down and Fix your Shit”, “Nothing at Facebook is Someone Else’s Problem”, “If you don’t make mistakes, you’re not reaching far enough.” Some are ironic: a cartoon of a Kool-Aid jug, saying “Oh Yeah!”. All are for sale in its poster shop.
UK female entrepreneurs should spend more time in the US to learn a more confident attitude
- Debbie Wosskow, CEO of LoveHomeSwap
Facebook now employs a resident artist. There are artfully broken red chairs glued to a wall; graffiti of a skateboarder wearing a “Move Fast” bomber jacket. The most revealing symbol, in an unintended nod at Ayn Rand neoliberalism, is a “Fox Safety” sign outside. It warns employees not to feed them: “They need to know how to live on their own.”
The most impressive campus visit is to Google. Its canteen is like looking at a perpetual ant colony, with some omnipotent queue-master overseeing it all. Hundreds of employees forage for tuna or sushi, guided by the “Well-Being Indicator”. Feeling perverse amid all this guided goodness, I rapidly eat several snickerdoodle bars at the counter.
The coffee shop gives a hint of Google’s ambition, mocked in Dave Eggers’ parody The Circle , to create an all-encompassing workplace. A shelf where workers can store their mugs, proclaims it is “your home away from home: Welcome to the Coffee Lab Family.” One mug reads: “Always be yourself unless you can be a unicorn then always be a unicorn.”
Such impressions have impact. “I just bought my team a sofa to nap on, a fridge, toaster, microwave and plan to paint the walls bright green,” says Vicky Brock, founder of Clear Returns, on returning. “I want them to love to work here, urge others to work here and to work from the office – so spending a grand total of £450 to make this office somewhere they love to be seemed an important start.”
©Caroline Daniel
A mug on a shelf at Google, part of its efforts to make the coffee lab ‘your home away from home’
Every Silicon Valley executive stresses that company culture is critical. Facebook’s culture, for example, has changed over time. The word “fun” was consciously ditched from its corporate values. In a bid to be more considerate of customers, “empathy” is being taught to its engineers.
Back in San Francisco, Julia Hartz, co-founder of Eventbrite, an online ticketing service for events, echoes that. “The culture in your company will carry some of your DNA as founders. For example, I can’t keep a secret to save my life. We have an open-source culture.”
Created in 2006, Eventbrite now has 423 employees and a valuation above $1bn. “If I could go back six years and talk to myself, I would definitely ask, ‘What do we want to permeate our culture?’ I would have been more intentional about it.” For example, the company now has a Tuesday tradition. “New Britelings stand up at lunch and talk about what impact they hope to achieve and to add an embarrassing moment. The culture changes every week.”
Julie Hanna, the charismatic executive chair of Kiva, a microfinance website, tells us: “Here we care most about technology and people. The times I have gone against instinct, it always backfires. Whatever that microsecond of hesitation was, I imagine it amplified over time.”
Experienced start-up founders in Silicon Valley are not afraid to set a ‘big vision’ with inspirational values
- Roberta Lucca, cofounder of Bossa Studios
Emily Brooke, founder of Blaze, which makes laser lights for bicycles, is the youngest of our group. She abandoned physics at Oxford to pursue product design. Should she hire an adult or people like herself? “What you need to be mindful of is not that you need grown-ups but that you need perspective. We made three key hires and it catapulted us because of their perspective.”
“They can see beyond just the horizon,” says Hanna. “They’re game-changers.”
For Lucca, this is a central lesson of the trip. “Big vision combined with a well-crafted company culture is a massive competitive advantage, as attracting the best talents, who want to belong to big revolutions, can make or break your start-up.”
The network is all – invest back
Conversations in Silicon Valley start in the middle. Talk bypasses the gossip stage and dives straight into the core idea. A related trait is that people immediately ask how they can help. “We talk about tribes here. Doing favours happens more here than elsewhere,” says Coutu.
For all its big thinkers, Silicon Valley can feel provincial. “It’s an incredibly small Valley. You have a short career if you cross people,” says one local entrepreneur. “Rather than being secretive, it is better to tell everybody your idea, as everybody has a piece of the answer.”
©Caroline Daniel
Emily Brooke from Blaze cavorting on a Google bike. Her company makes the world's laser bike lights
That instinct seems counterintuitive. It is a recognition that few ideas are original. Execution is all. To be a success requires blunt, honest collaboration. Susan MacTavish Best, founder of her own lifestyle brand, recalls working in Paris. “French start-ups were competitive with each other. I kept thinking, no one even knows you exist, you’re not important. You need to collaborate to get investors’ attention in Silicon Valley; stop being so French!”
That lesson is evident to everyone in our group. As Gemma Cocker, VP of growth at Neverbland, reflects: “I hope the relationships formed between our delegate troupe prove to be as valuable as those we forged in SF. I’d put my money on it.”
Some of this culture cannot be replicated. “It’s in the schools, country clubs, at restaurants. It feeds off itself. People share information,” says one investor. “My 16-year-old son talks about technology. He created a Facebook for Pets. Someone babysat for a VC. They were paid in Bitcoin. The key to success is the network. Stay in touch with anyone you meet.”
Over at LinkedIn, in the most valuable, practical session, we are given advice on how to do just that with tools to find customers, recruit staff, build company pages and optimise our personal ones. LinkedIn has pulled all our profiles, dividing our group into early adopters and most popular (Thankfully, they do not do a “least popular”.) “LinkedIn’s gold is vanity and voyeurism,” a trainer tells us. “We are very competitive at LinkedIn.”
The culture in your company will carry some of your DNA as founders
- Eventbrite founder Julia Hartz
This dense network of relationships is given extra lubrication by successful founders, addicted to start-up adrenaline, recycling cash back. McLoughlin has invested in more than 25 start-ups, forging his own network of future loyalties. “It is this area where the UK is depressingly opposite [to] the Valley,” says Michelle Wright, founder of Cause4, a body that helps social enterprises. “UK-based entrepreneurs often come across a culture of resistance, fear or bitterness towards those that are successful.”
Is this enough for women to get ahead?
For all the generic lessons for British start-ups, the theme that constantly resurfaces is the obstacles facing women. There is an awkward moment when a male co-founder sees a room of 20 women. He remains nervously in the doorway. “I know what’s good for me and strong women are good for me. I’m feeling a little intimidated!” he says, as he escapes.
Such experiences are likely to be rare for him. For all Sheryl Sandberg’s “leaning in” (she generously leans in to our group during a photo-call), woman are in a minority in Silicon Valley. Just 11 per cent of venture capitalists are women, according to the National Venture Capital Association in 2011. A study of 12 top technology start-ups, ranked by market capitalisation, found they had just 6.8 per cent women on the board. (Public companies were a little better, at 21 per cent.)
Female founders secure only about 4 per cent of venture funds. By contrast, about half of the funds on Indiegogo, a crowdfunding website, go to businesses created by women. This points to a concern that the much-heralded Valley network is simply another name for “old boy network”.
©Caroline Daniel
One of the neon signs at Eventbrite's HQ. Founder Julia Hartz tells us we need to be obsessed by company culture
Women need earlier access to Valley networks and internship opportunities. “It boils down to credit,” says Mary Lou Jepsen, head of the display division at Google X. “Despite elite contributions of women throughout Silicon Valley in technology, they have been largely invisible when the VC investment is awarded. I’m hopeful for change in this current cycle of frank discussion about conscious and unconscious gender biases.”
Marc Andreessen, a leading venture capitalist, concedes: “We need more women in Silicon Valley. We need more female founders, female engineers. Any time a qualified founder walks through the door, we get excited. Any time a qualified female founder walks in the door, it’s oh my God! The level of enthusiasm to find more is extremely high.”
Women could get rarer still. The 2013 United States Census Bureau report shows less growth in female employment for younger women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. “Most of the growth in women’s share of STEM employment among those under the age of 40 occurred between 1970 and 1990.” Such skills matter. “If computer science programmes are going to generate 10-15 per cent of women per year, that’s a fundamental pipeline issue,” says Andreessen. “From a VC standpoint, you can’t lower the actual standards. You can’t say, for starting technology companies, you don’t need a technical background. It would be flushing money down the toilet.”
©Caroline Daniel
The female tech CEOs in Eventbrite’s meeting space: plywood benches and plugs for everyone’s gadgets
Another issue is sexism. In the UK, some of our group have been criticised for being “too confident”, or “too emotional”, in the case of Wosskow. “That term would never be applied to a male CEO,” she says. “I never had any obstacles that weren’t down to my own confidence until I was raising money,” recalls Brock. “You enter this weird world of meeting mostly male strangers to ask for money in circumstances that in other contexts could align to dating. I never experienced anything inappropriate but did feel more uncomfortable than I expected.”
Andreessen tackles this head on. “There are stories of women who got hit on during pitch meetings. Either bad comments or sexual harassment or whatever. This is obviously unacceptable,” he says. “We have the problems that the rest of the culture has. Yet as places go, this is open and welcoming. Many women have done very well here. It’s going to be a very good environment for women to work in over the next 20 years.”
Take-home advice
There are tentative signs of change. Two prominent American female VCs recently launched their own investment firm, Aspect Ventures. One of our hosts, Alexis de Raadt St James, has launched Merian Venture Partners, a $100m fund to invest exclusively in women-led businesses. This inaugural visit is a sign of progress too. Many of the British female founders returned home inspired to change investor pitches, product direction or launch in America.
For me, there were three pieces of start-up advice I took away. “You need to disrupt yourselves. You should not get success attachment.” And, more ominously: “Be very afraid of people from big companies.” And finally, from Julia Hartz, the most amusing tip. “We bought our dog, Cutie Pie Sparkle Hearts. Getting a dog was the worst decision I ever made. It almost destroyed us.”
Caroline Daniel is the editor of FT Weekend
Photographs: Caroline Daniel

The War on Teacher Tenurereddit
Time Magazine's recent cover on teacher tenure has set up a furious debate nationwide about teachers and even a petition from the American Federation of Teachers for an apology from Time. The article itself is reasonable and focuses on the recent California decision in Vergara vs. CA that struck down the five-decade-old California law on tenure.
As a long time teacher, I see tenure as a problem, but also as a necessity. Teachers need some protection from arbitrary firing, but on the other hand, the school district and the community needs a way to get rid of poorly performing teachers. One solution would be be to keep tenure but make it much easier to eliminate a tenured teacher. There are too many laws protecting teacher tenure; we need to eliminate many of these protections.
Another measure that would help the situation would be for states to give tenure after a longer time period. Too many states grant tenure after two years including California.  How about tenure after three years?  Perhaps there could be steps ... limited tenure after three years, tenure after five years.
Here is another controversial idea: Tenure should be renewable after a fixed period, say ten years. The National Board for Professional Teaching Standards (NBPTS) teachers, who are considered top in their field, are required to renew their certification every ten years.  Wouldn't it be a good idea to have all teachers re-qualify for tenure every ten years? That would give districts an opportunity to remove poorly performing teachers at least every ten years.  Now it is almost impossible to remove a tenured teacher.
Also, importantly, we need to eliminate the high stakes testing that is tying testing to teacher evaluation and salary. It is counter-productive to have this kind of testing and teacher evaluation. Why? Because teachers focus on the testing and education loses all its creativity and sense of wonder. Parents and student complain the classes are dull, boring and routine.  It is okay to test -- actually it is necessary to test -- but the tests should not be used to punish teachers or school districts. They should be tools to guide teachers and administrators. Teachers should focus on learning not on the outcome of tests. Teachers in the highest performing country in the world,  Finland, do not focus on testing.  We should take some suggestions from Finland and improve our teachers' status and pay. Check out this teacher status index.
Many other ideas/suggestions are raging out there, some pretty drastic, but if we could just make one or two reasonable policy changes, it could significantly impact our schools and our attitude toward teachers. We need to make teachers feel respected and trusted.  Articles like the Time Magazine article do just the opposite.  It is an attack on the profession as a whole and thus makes all teachers defensive which does not lead to the kind of education we want in our schools.
Follow Esther Wojcicki on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EstherWojcicki
More:

Starting tomorrow  ATM use over 5 times per month will attract feeATM use over 5 times per month will attract fee now
PTI  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 20:27 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:17 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a levy of Rs. 20 per transaction from Saturday.
As per the Reserve Bank's (RBI) new guidelines that comes into force from Saturday, bank customers in six metros-- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore-- are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs. 20 per use.
Besides, the number of free transactions at ATMs (Automated Teller Machines) of non-home banks has been cut to three times a month from five times.
"Taking into account the high density of ATMs, bank branches and alternate modes of payment available to customers, the number of mandatory free ATM transactions for savings bank account customers at other banks? ATMs is reduced from the present 5 to 3 transactions per month (inclusive of both financial and non-financial transactions)," RBI had said in a notification issued in August this year.
The RBI, however, clarified that nothing precludes a bank from offering more than three free transactions at other bank ATMs to its account holders if it so desires.
The cap in the number of free ATM transactions will not apply on small/no-frills or basic savings bank deposit account holders who will continue to enjoy five free transactions.
At places other than the six metro centres, the facility of five free transactions for savings bank account customers will remain unchanged upon using other bank ATMs.
India has a total of 1.6 lakh bank ATMs across the country as of March 2014.
The new guidelines were issued in pursuance of a representation made to the RBI by Indian Banks' Association on the back of growing cost of ATM deployment and maintenance incurred by banks as well as rising interchange outgo due to free transactions.

Yen slammed to near seven-year low vs dollar on BoJ easingDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Eyal Aronoffs drive for oil alternatives© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f3935ca-5f5f-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Now you can delete  send timed messages on BBMGoogle on Wednesday announced the launch of an interface 'Google My Business' here to help Indian small and medium businesses (SMBs) succeed online.
Now you can delete, send timed messages on Blackberry Messenger
PTI
New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 21:36 IST(31/10/2014)
print
Smartphone maker BlackBerry hasintroduced new privacy and control features for its messaging app BBM, allowing users to delete messages from chats and share pictures for short duration of time.
Similar to popular photo messaging app Snapchat, BBM will now allow users to set a timer for controlling how long messages and pictures they share with contacts can be viewed within BBM.
The message is hidden until the recipient touches and holds on the chat. Then, once the timer has expired (or if the recipient takes their finger off the screen), the message is no longer visible.
The user also receives a notification if BBM detects that the recipient has taken a screenshot of the image or message.
"At the core of the BBM experience is privacy and control. These two notions are more important today than ever before as people are looking for simple ways to help guard against their messages getting into the wrong hands or being seen by anyone other than the intended recipient," BlackBerry said in a statement.
The new features for BBM introduced today enable users to communicate with more discretion and freedom, it added.
Using the message retraction feature, users can retract their message to remove it from their BBM chat before or after it has been read, so that it is no longer visible within the BBM chat.
The Timed Messages and Message Retraction will, however,be are premium features. While these will be available free to BBM users for next three months, these will later be offered as part of a broader bundle of features with BBM subscription later.
"These new enhancements to BBM were highly requested so we're excited to be delivering them to users today," BlackBerry President Global Enterprise Services John Sims said.
These capabilities will allow users to be more creative in how they deliver their messages while also being confident that their content is kept private and seen only by its intended recipient, he added.
Besides, BBM has introduced a new feature that allows users to request an HD version to enjoy picture they receive on BBM in full detail.
The new features are available for download over the next couple of days for BlackBerry 10 smartphones, iPhones and Android smartphones by installing the latest BBM update in BlackBerry World, Apple App Store and Google Play.
Introduced in 2005, BBM was a popular messaging app on BlackBerry handsets. It was later made available on other platforms like Android and iOS following strong compete from newer apps like WhatsApp, LINE and WeChat.

Maharashtra: Fadnavis sworn in as CM; Modi  Uddhav attend ceremonyBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Army chief takes power after Burkina president bows to protestsprint
File Photo: Burkina Faso's President Blaise Compaore poses during an European Union (EU)-Africa summit in Brussels. (Reuters Photo)
The head of Burkina Faso's armed forces took power on Friday after President Blaise Compaore resigned amid mass demonstrations against an attempt to extend his 27-year rule in the West African country.
Compaore, who seized power in a 1987 coup, had attempted to defy popular pressure for him to step down after a day of violent protests on Thursday in which demonstrators stormed parliament and state television.
However, with hundreds of thousands of protesters packing the streets of the capital Ouagadougou for a second day on Friday and no sign of international support for him staying on, Compaore announced his resignation.
"I declare a vacancy of power with a view to allowing a transition that should end with free and transparent elections in a maximum period of 90 days," Compaore said in a written statement read on local radio and television.
Burkinese celebrate after embattled President Blaise Compaore announced that he was stepping down in Ouagadougou. (AFP Photo)
A heavily armed convoy believed to be carrying Compaore was seen travelling on Friday towards the southern town of Po, near the border with Ghana, two diplomatic sources and local media said.
Crowds danced and cheered in Ougadougou's dusty streets,  blowing on whistles after Compaore's statement was broadcast. The mood cooled, however, as it became plain that military chief General Honore Traore had taken over the reins of power.
Under Burkina Faso's constitution, when the president resigns the head of the National Assembly should take office, but parliament had already been dissolved by the Traore on Thursday under short-lived martial law.
"SUB-SAHARAN SPRING"
"Considering the urgency of saving the nation, I have decided that I will assume from this day the responsibility of the head of state," Traore told a news conference.
"I undertake a solemn engagement to proceed without delay with consultations with all parties in the country so as to start the process of returning to the constitutional order as soon as possible."
There was no immediate reaction from opposition leaders to Traore's announcement.
Many protesters said they wanted a transition led by retired General Kouame Lougue, a popular former defence minister who was accused of trying to topple Compaore in 2004.
Long a bastion of stability in the turbulent Sahel region, Burkina Faso's crisis is being closely watched by military allies France and the United States, and by governments in the region where several long-standing rulers are approaching the end of their mandates amid rumbling of popular discontent.
Women pose in front of an armored perssonel carrier in Ouagadougou as people were demanding that the army take over following the resignation of the president. (AFP Photo)
"This is a sub-Saharan Spring and it must continue against all the presidents who are trying to hang on to power in Africa," said law student Lucien Trinnou, referring to the Arab Spring that toppled several long-term leaders.
French President Francois Hollande, who had discretely sought ways to usher Compaore into an international role when his term was due to have ended next year, welcomed the former president's resignation in a statement and called for quick elections to be held.
Burkina Faso is one of the world's poorest nations but has positioned itself as a mediator in regional crises. It is also a key ally in Western operations against al Qaeda-linked groups in West Africa and one of the last African states to retain diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
Regional West African bloc ECOWAS said on Thursday it would not accept any party seizing power through non-constitutional means in an apparent suggestion of diplomatic pressure to leave Compaore in place.   
A delegation from the African Union, the United Nations and ECOWAS was due in Burkina Faso on Friday to hold talks with all parties.

Maha CM Fadnavis promises transparent govt | To seek trust vote on Nov 11You are here: Home > Collections > Maharashtra
Devendra Fadnavis promises transparent government in Maharashtra
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 10.46PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Promising a transparent…)
MUMBAI: Promising a transparent administration, Maharashtra's new Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said his government will bring in a legislation for better delivery of services to the people.
44-year-old Fadnavis, who was sworn in as Chief Minister of the first BJP government in the state, got down to work immediately and has instructed Chief Secretary Swadheen Kshatriya to have a draft of the Right to Service Bill ready within a month.
"I have directed the Chief Secretary to prepare a draft of the legislation, a form of citizen's charter, to provide better services to the people who can take legal recourse if they don't get them," he told reporters at a meet the press programme shortly after taking oath.
He said the decision was taken at the first meeting of the Council of Ministers. Portfolios will be allocated to the seven Cabinet and two Ministers of State tomorrow.
"People of Maharshtra have high expectations from us and it is a big responsibility. We will provide an efficient and transparent administration with focus on development," he said.
"The state government's financial condition is not that good. If all the assurances given by the erstwhile (Congress-NCP) government are to be implemented, the government would have to spend Rs 52,000 crore," Fadnavis said.
The Chief Minister said the decisions taken by the previous Congress-NCP government just before the model code of conduct for election kicked in will be reviewed.
"It will take time to bring the administration back on the track but we will do it. We will bring Maharashtra to the number one position," he said.
Asked about the possibility of Shiv Sena joining the new government, Fadnavis said," There was a positive talk between Amit Shah and Uddhav Thckeray today."
On the presence of godmen at the swearing-in ceremony, Fadnavis said, "They belonged to all religions. There is a thin line between belief and superstition. We are against superstition."
He also assured to look into the grievances of the media, particularly incidents of attack on journalists, and said there will be a regular media briefing after state cabinet meetings, a practice discontinued during the tenure of Vilasrao Deshmukh as Chief Minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shares rally  yen slumps as BOJ ramps up stimulus2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

What Halloween is really forBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 31 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Two pumpkin Jack-o-lanterns are on display on the balcony of a house in Warsaw, Poland, 30 October, one day before Halloween. (EPA/LESZEK SZYMANSKI POLAND OUT)
Winter is making its first real advance of the season on Washington this Halloween Day, and as proof against the cold, I looked up Marjorie Williams’ final column for The Washington Post,  “ The Halloween of my dreams .”
Williams was not — as I am not — “one of those people who easily climbs into fantasy and achieves flight.” But as those opportunities for liftoff dwindled, Williams found herself a dream that let her escape from her worries about how fast her daughter was growing up, and that gave her permission to be “the one who insisted on the body glitter” as part of the little girl’s rock star costume.
“As her momentum carried her to the top of the stairs, Alice looked back and tossed me a radiant smile. She had become my glimmering girl: She looked like a rock star. She looked like a teenager. She looked absolutely stunning. She thundered down the stairs in those shoes, and as the front door slammed behind her, it came to me — what fantasy I had finally, easily entered this Halloween,” Williams wrote. “I’d just seen Alice leave for her prom, or her first real date. I’d cheated time, flipping the calendar five or six years into the future. The character I’d played was the 52-year-old mother I will probably never be.” Williams passed away from cancer not long after this column.
Moments of transcendence like this are rare. A clever way to embody Gamergate or Ebola paranoia may guarantee a succession of amused reactions, but capturing the moment so precisely can often stand in the way of opening a portal to so many possible futures, like the one Williams discovered a decade ago. And we have become more accustomed to resisting fantasy in another way, celebrating Halloween as an opportunity to purse our lips at others’ tastes and judgement.
With adults fueling Halloween purchases this year, Disney's Elsa and Ebola hazmat suits are favorite costumes among shoppers. An estimated 75 million grown-ups will dress up on October 31. (Reuters)
Now, I certainly favor a thoughtful approach to costume selection over a sloppy one . There is a difference between evoking the unsettling and actually being the cause of an upsetting or hurtful experience for someone else. But thoughtlessness will always be with us. And I have been trying to think more carefully about what sort of transcendence even our sloppiest disguises are meant to achieve.
The drive towards mandatory sexy costumes for women is infuriating. But so is the fact that there are so few occasions on which women are allowed to present themselves as sexual for their own enjoyment. And even on those occasions, that license risks being turned against us.
Is it crass to dress up as members of the Islamic State or sexy Ebola nurses? Probably, especially if the former costume involves brownface makeup and suggestions that Islam is inherently violent, or the later suggests that brave health workers are endangering the rest of us.
Politicians have worked very hard to make us frightened both of ISIS and the virus so they can exploit those anxieties to bolster the policy outcomes they hope for and the careers they dream of having. However churlish Ebola or ISIS-related costumes have the potential to be, I have to admire the tiny spark of resistance involved in mocking the things we are “supposed” to fear, a temporary tearing of these monsters of our own making down to an appropriate size.
Oh, I know Halloween is so terribly commercial, an opportunity for adults to justify drinking to excess and for corporations to sell giant amounts of candy, a sickly tide sweeping us further and further away from glorious moments like the ones Marjorie Williams had with her daughter so many years ago. But even though I have failed to pick out a costume this year, I love the dream of that sort of Halloween, a moment when we can reach for what we are afraid we will never have, and assert our power over the nightmares that we are all too afraid may come true.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Virgin Galactic Says Space Tourism Rocket LostThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Petrol  diesel prices cut by over Rs 2 a litreComments
Oil companies cut petrol and diesel prices by Rs. 2.41 and Rs. 2.25 a litre respectively with immediate effect on plunging global crude oil costs, a move that will aid government’s efforts to keep inflation low and stable.
Lower inflation, in turn, could prompt the RBI to cut interest rates and nudge banks to lower home loan EMIs.
Since August, petrol has turned cheaper by Rs. 9.36 a litre in six price cuts, while diesel prices have been cut twice by Rs. 5.62 a litre in less than 15 days.
The latest diesel price cut follows the Rs. 3.37 a litre reduction on October 18, when in a reformist move, the government lifted state controls on diesel prices, allowing oil companies to fix the fuel’s pump-gate prices based on global crude oil costs.
Petrol will cost Rs. 64.25 a litre in Delhi and Rs. 71.91 in Mumbai. Diesel, which is India’s most consumed fuel, will now cost Rs. 53.35 per litre in Delhi and Rs. 61.04 in Mumbai.
Prices vary between states due to local levies. India imports two-thirds of its energy need, making oil prices a key factor for inflation.
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, while retail inflation fell to 6.46%, the lowest since 2012.
The cut in prices of diesel will bolster the government’s plans to tame inflation and cut subsidies.
A lower subsidy bill will eventually help govt cut taxes on petro products. This, in turn, will help offset shocks when global crude prices shoot up.
 
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was also cut by Rs. 18.5 to Rs. 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder, the fourth reduction since August of the commodity bought by users after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.

James McCann and Michael Jones-Correajames mccann and michael jones-correa
October treat: Dow  S&P 500 finish at record highsFriday, 31 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Pisani's market open: What a rally!
CNBC's Bob Pisani breaks down what's behind today's global rally and discusses the earnings of Exxon Mobile and Chevron.
U.S. stocks surged on Friday, lifting the Dow industrials and S&P 500 to record closes, after the Bank of Japan unexpectedly expanded stimulus, increasing hopes for the global economy.
"A lot of the fears that led to the selloff in the middle of October turned out to be unfounded, and U.S. interest rates are even lower than when we started, which makes the case for equities even stronger," said David Kelly, chief market strategist at J.P. Morgan Funds, referencing a 7.4 percent decline in the S&P 500 over a four-week period ending Oct. 15.
"Relative to where we were two weeks ago, we know earnings are going to be good, with 75 percent beating, which is the strongest since 2010, so it's a very good earnings season, and we didn't know that two weeks ago. Another part of it is good numbers for the U.S. economy, and then of course you have Japan, so the market had a lot of momentum going into today," Kelly said.
"So it's clear the selloff in the middle of October was unjustified," Kelly added.
The U.S. dollar climbed against the currencies of major trading partners, including the Japanese yen, while dollar-denominated commodities including gold and oil dropped sharply after the Bank of Japan increased its yearly target for monetary expansion to 80 trillion yen, or $724 billion, from as much as 70 trillion yen. The move comes in the same week the Federal Reserve said it would end six years of U.S. bond purchases.
"Although quantitative easing might be in the rear window for us here in the United States, it's present for Japan, and when you get something unexpected like this, you buy equities and sell commodities," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
"You could argue that Japan has more structural issues than monetary, but as you look around the globe, the market will most likely applaud when countries that have slowing economies do things to stimulate," said Hogan, who added the "ECB is probably the next up," referring to the European Central Bank.
LinkedIn gained after the online professional network reported third-quarter sales that beat expectations; GoPro rose after its fourth-quarter profit outlook topped estimates; Citigroup gained after reporting a $600 million legal hit; Starbucks dropped after the coffee retailer tallied quarterly revenue that disappointed, and Exxon Mobil rose after reporting a 3 percent increase in quarterly profit.

Israel cartoon comparing Netanyahu to 9/11 attackers highlights troubled ties withUSUS President Barack Obama meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on October 1.
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:40 am
An Israeli political cartoon depicting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu piloting an airplane heading for New York’s Twin Towers has set off a firestorm of criticism and focused new attention on the troubled relationship between Israel and the United States.
— Haaretz.com (@haaretzcom) October 30, 2014
The cartoon appeared Thursday in Haaretz, Israel’s leading liberal newspaper, and elicited strong words both in Israel itself and from Anti-Defamation League head Abraham Foxman. Foxman called on Haaretz to apologize for printing a “grossly offensive cartoon.” He said it misrepresents “any tensions which may currently exist between the US government and Mr Netanyahu” and “disrespects the memories of thousands of innocent Americans and others who tragically perished on 9/11.”
The cartoon appeared a day after the Atlantic quoted an unidentified administration official who used the word “chickens—” to assail Netanyahu for his alleged cowardice and pettiness. The official also complained about his settlement policies in the West Bank and east Jerusalem and questioned the prime minister’s commitment to Middle East peace efforts, as well as his resolve to launch a pre-emptive strike against Iran to thwart its nuclear program.
Since the Atlantic story appeared, National Security Adviser Susan Rice has pushed back hard against its message of a crisis in bilateral relations, while Netanyahu himself declined to get embroiled in a new mud-slinging match with Washington, insisting that his main concern was defending Israel’s interests.
Ties with the United States constitute one of Israel’s most important diplomatic and security assets, and few Israelis want to see them undermined. That desire for harmony is particularly acute now, with the country facing a dangerous brew of regional challenges – among them, the Iranian nuclear program and the presence of hostile Islamic fundamentalists on its southern and northern borders.
But the Obama administration has long had a tense dynamic with Netanyahu, mostly for his close relationship with the Republican Party and for what is sometimes seen as a lecturing tone toward the US president.
Those tensions were clearly on display last week when administration officials refused Israel Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon’s requests to meet several top national security aides during a visit to Washington. The rejections followed negative comments Yaalon made about Secretary of State John Kerry earlier this summer.
Amos Biderman, the author of the Haaretz cartoon, tweeted Thursday that it was those tensions that inspired his work.
“The message is that (Netanyahu) is destroying relations with American in an arrogant and thoughtless way and that he is leading us to a catastrophe on the magnitude of 9/11,” he said.

Warren Anderson: In Bhopal  a villain in reel andrealWarren Anderson died in September
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:37 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 11:02 am
The closest India got to punishing the former chairman of Union Carbide Corporation, who was first declared an absconder more than two decades ago, was when the villain in the 2013 blockbuster Dhoom 3 was named Warren Anderson.
Naming the bad character in a movie could have been a coincidence but for most victims of the 1984 gas tragedy he was always a villain who cocked a snook at the successive Indian governments, and symbolized the failure of the judiciary at all levels.
While some activists and survivors celebrated the news about Anderson’s death most found in it India’s failure to bring him to justice after escorting him to safety out of an angry Bhopal on December 7,  nearly four days after the tragedy that took thousands of lives.
The activists working among survivors insist that Anderson was personally aware of and involved in the economy drive to salvage the plant’s financial viability. They allege the company imposed two sets of safety standards in its Bhopal and West Virginia facility, and Anderson ratified it because the company rules demanded he be kept in the loop about every mishap in its plants.
The power equation between India and the US has changed since 1984, when the tragedy took place, and 1992, when he was first declared an absconder, but despite arrest warrants and extradition request the Indian government failed to bring him back to face the law. In 2010 the trial court convicted Indian UCIL officials but Anderson was never convicted because he was at large.
“There is enough evidence to establish Anderson was directly involved in decision making and oversight concerning design, operation and maintenance of the Bhopal plant. He was also guilty of approving a fault waste management system that is responsible for ongoing contamination of soil and groundwater contamination. Hopefully, his life in hiding and ignominious death will be a lesson for all corporate criminals,” said Satinath Sarangi of Bhopal Group for Information and Action (BGIA).
BGIA and its associate organisations protested his death by pasting a large poster on the compound wall of the abandoned plant and getting victims to spit on it. “It’s a shame that he died peacefully,” said Rachna Dhingra of BGIA.
While Abdul Jabbar of Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udyog Sangathan (BGPMUS) himself condemned the Indian government and judiciary’s failure to bring him to face law in the country, some members of his organization celebrated the news by distributing sweets while maintaining that it would have been better to see him hanged in an Indian prison.
However, there was ambivalence in reactions of some of the survivors who wanted more compensation for the trauma they faced and were not so much concerned about punishment for Anderson. Even when the trial court handed down its verdict in the criminal case in 2010 many survivors had gathered in the court premises thinking the case was about settling compensation.
After the verdict and the outrage that continued…

CBI to seek Andersons death certificate to closetrialPrint
Written by Sagnik Chowdhury | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:35 am
CBI officials Friday said they would approach US authorities for a copy of the death certificate of former Union Carbide Corporate chairman Warren Anderson so that they could approach the trial court in Bhopal for abatement of the case and trial against him for his alleged role in the Bhopal Gas Tragedy.
“We will apply for abatement of the trial against Warren Anderson, and for this we will need to submit a copy of his death certificate to the trial court in Bhopal. We will approach US authorities for this. We don’t foresee any resistance to this from the US authorities as the end objective is closure of the case against Anderson,” said a CBI official.
India had approached the US for Anderson’s extradition in 2003, but Washington had rejected the plea in 2004 saying that the provisions of the bilateral extradition treaty between them did not allow it.
“The US had initially declined to extradite Anderson to India stating that there were no reciprocity clauses that demanded so. However, following Keshub Mahindra’s conviction in 2011, the CBI had been vigorously pursuing attempts at getting Anderson extradited. We have had detailed video-conferencing sessions with the FBI to provide clarifications on certain doubts raised by them. In fact, this year alone, we had two such sessions with the FBI,” said the official.

Warren Anderson: For India  he was an accused  afugitiveAnderson on a Bhopal wall on Friday. (Source: Express photo)
By: New York Times | New York | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:32 am
Warren M Anderson, a Brooklyn carpenter’s son who ascended to the top of the Union Carbide Corporation — where he grappled with the ravages of a poisonous gas leak at the company’s plant in Bhopal in 1984 that killed thousands in one of history’s most lethal industrial accidents — died on September 29 at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Fla. He was 92. His death, which was not announced by his family, was confirmed from public records.
In an interview with The New York Times five months after the tragedy, Anderson spoke of his feelings of loss and helplessness. “You wake up in the morning thinking, can it have occurred?” he said. “And then you know it has and you know it’s something you’re going to have to struggle with for a long time.”
Anderson was highly praised for his courage in going to Bhopal four days after the accident, where he was immediately arrested. But after quickly paying bail, he never returned to face trial.
The Indian government made multiple requests to extradite him, and officially labelled him a fugitive. A judge there called him an “absconder”.
The Bhopal horror began around midnight on December 2-3, 1984, when a chemical reaction in a plant that made insecticides caused a leak of toxic gases that swept through the surrounding community. The government of Madhya Pradesh confirmed 3,787 deaths as a result. Unofficial estimates exceeded 10,000. More than a half-million people were injured, with many dying from illnesses including lung cancer, kidney failure and liver disease.
The Indian government and activists contended that slack management and deferred maintenance caused the disaster. Union Carbide blamed sabotage.
In 1989, Union Carbide paid $470 million to the Indian government to settle litigation stemming from the disaster. But the Indian public, cheered on by politicians and the news media, never stopped urging the prosecution of Anderson, and arrest warrants were periodically issued.
With the support of the US government, he escaped extradition. And he eluded subpoenas in civil cases by living quietly and migrating between his homes in Vero Beach; Greenwich, Conn.; and Bridgehampton, N.Y.
Anderson had devoted his life to climbing the Union Carbide corporate ladder, arriving at work at 7 am and frequently moving from city to city. His major concern before the accident was disappointing financial results: In 1979, when he was president and chief operating officer, the company had predicted its sales would reach $13 billion in 1983. In fact they were around $9 billion, and earnings dropped more than 90 per cent.
After he became chairman and chief executive in 1982, he improved productivity and sales, and acquired several companies, including STP Oil. Ecologists said Union Carbide began shaking off the reputation as a polluter that had long dogged it. Anderson ruled over an empire with 700 plants in more than three dozen countries.
Then came Bhopal. For continued…

Wall Street ends higher; Dow  S&P close at recordsWall Street ends higher; Dow, S&P close at records
By Reuters | 1 Nov, 2014, 01.41AM IST
0
Share More
For the week, the S&P rose 2.7 per cent and the Nasdaq rose 3.3 per cent. The Dow gained 3.4 per cent in its biggest weekly advance since January 2013.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The Dow and S&P 500 ended at record highs on Friday and indexes posted strong gains for a second week after the Bank of Japan's surprise move to ramp up its stimulus program.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 191.95 points, or 1.12 per cent, to 17,387.37, the S&P 500 gained 23.03 points, or 1.15 per cent, to 2,017.68 and the Nasdaq Composite added 64.60 points, or 1.41 per cent, to 4,630.74, the highest close for the Nasdaq since March 2000.
For the week, the S&P rose 2.7 per cent and the Nasdaq rose 3.3 per cent. The Dow gained 3.4 per cent in its biggest weekly advance since January 2013.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

The business of marathon runningthe business of marathon running
PSEG Long Island Prepares for Weekend StormPSEG Long Island Prepares for Weekend Storm
Core growth slows to 1.9% in Sep  lowest in 8 mthsCore growth slows to 1.9% in Sep  lowest in 8 mths
Nokia Chennai plant to shut down today; 30 000 stare at dark futureNokia Chennai plant to shut down today; 30 000 stare at dark future
Suzlon Posts Loss of Rs 656 Crore in Q2  Logs Rise in IncomeSuzlon Posts Loss of Rs 656 Crore in Q2  Logs Rise in Income
Sardar united India  1984 riots divided it  says Narendra ModiSardar united India  1984 riots divided it  says Narendra Modi
Co-pilot killed  pilot injured in Virgin Galactic crashCo-pilot killed  pilot injured in Virgin Galactic crash
Roy s Tihar stay costs Sahara Rs 31 lakhRoy s Tihar stay costs Sahara Rs 31 lakh
JSW Energy net nearly doubles to Rs 319 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US could not even commit a $1 billion loan guarantee when Modi came: KerryBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 31, 2014 1:34 am
The US is not sufficiently committing the resources it should contribute to the world, Secretary of State John Kerry said today as he cited Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the country wherein it could not even commit a USD 1 billion loan guarantee.
“American power needs to be projected thoughtfully and appropriately, but if we’re not…I’ll give you an example. Prime Minister Modi from India came here the other day,” Kerry said in an interview to the Sixth Annual Washington Ideas Forum.
Modi, he said came to the US after his trip to Japan and the India visit of the Chinese President.
“Both of whom gave him double-digit numbers of billions of dollars for infrastructure development. China, I think, did USD 30 billion; Japan did somewhere similar…but more,” Kerry said.
“How did we do?’ he was asked.
“We couldn’t even do a USD 1 billion loan guarantee, the United States of America. Now everybody here ought to be shocked by that. We are behaving like we’re the richest country on the face of the planet. We’re still critical to everything that happens in the world. And we are not sufficiently committing the resources necessary to do what we need to do in this world,” Kerry said.
Responding to questions on the current situation in the world, Kerry said the Cold War was easy compared to where is today.
“The world we’re living in today is much more – look, a lot of countries have economic power today that they didn’t have in the last century. We wanted that. We have about 15 nations today that 10 years ago were aid recipients from the United States. South Korea is an example. Today, South Korea is a donor country, doing what we’ve urged countries to do, which is accept global responsibility,” he said.
“So now you have more countries with more economic power in a globalized world, and they’re feeling their oats. They’re going to automatically react and say, well, wait a minute now, do we really want the behemoth United States, superpower of the world, telling us all the time what we have to do?” he said.
“And so you have to approach these things a little bit differently. It requires more diplomacy. It requires more dialogue. It requires more respect for people, more mutual interest finding. It’s much more of the world that Henry Kissinger describes in his wonderful book, Diplomacy, where he talks about state interests and the balance of power,” he said.
“We are much more, in many ways, back towards the latter part of the 19th century or even 18th century in dealing with countries. Countries are flexing their muscles and standing up for their own interests and they have some greater economic independence and ability to do it.
“Then you see the continued…

3 Ways To Make Your Personal Brand Clear And Consistentreddit
The most elemental (and often most difficult) aspect of a job search is to precisely and powerfully describe who you are, what you're going for and how you can contribute. These three elements comprise the foundation of your branding campaign and form an integral component to each of the ways you will be presenting yourself to potential employers. Moreover, clarity and consistency are critical to both your brand and to your ultimate success.
Here are three important areas for you to consider as you formulate your own unique and compelling brand.
#1 In order to highlight your skills, accomplishments and distinguishing attributes to your best advantage, ask yourself the following questions:
What is my core message? What do I want people to take away from meeting me?
In which ways will I outperform the competition?
Which qualifications do I bring that will add value to the position/team/organization?
What talents/experiences/accomplishments make me unique?
Which of my skills will most attract recruiters, HR reps and others who scan LinkedIn and additional online sites for potential candidates?
Am I focusing on the results I have achieved whereby I made a substantial contribution to the success of my former employer(s)?
Am I quantifying the results I've accomplished so that they form a compelling representation of what I'm capable of achieving?
Am I highlighting the 5 areas that will attract future employers with bottom-line results: saved money, saved time, increased revenue, made operations more efficient and/or enlarged customer base?
Am I presenting myself in contemporary terms that represent today's in-demand skills and industry buzzwords?
#2 Ensure you are presenting a unified brand that remains consistent across the various ways you are marketing yourself. Be certain to consider and include:
Your professional profile (top third of your resume)
The background/summary statement on your LinkedIn profile
The way you introduce yourself in cover letters, E-mail messages, networking letters, etc.
Your response to the initial background probe at job interviews and networking meetings
#3 To guarantee that both you and your branding materials have visual appeal, ask yourself:
Am I exuding a combination of professionalism and personal warmth in my dress and manner? Does my body language -- posture, eye contact, handshake, and facial expressions -- support my brand and what I'm claiming about myself?
Are my marketing materials -- resume, online profiles, cover letters and business cards -- pleasing to the eye and easy to read?
Am I incorporating the liberal use of white space and bullets so that my key qualifications and accomplishments are readily spotted within a 30-second scan?
Am I presenting my skills in order of importance in each of my documents -- making certain that the most critical appear at the top and to the left, thereby making them easily accessible at a glance?
By addressing these three elements of your job search campaign, you will be sending a persuasive and consistent message. And a compelling brand, a little luck and the right attitude should go a long way to turning you into a sought-after, highly attractive candidate. Even more, knowing that you exude a powerful presence (both in-person and online) will give you the confidence and the energy that is certain to move you forward and help you succeed!
Mary Eileen Williams is a Nationally Board Certified Career Counselor with a Master's Degree in Career Development and twenty years' experience assisting midlife jobseekers to achieve satisfying careers. Her book, Land the Job You Love: 10 Surefire Strategies for Jobseekers Over 50 , is a step-by-step guide that shows you how you can turn your age into an advantage and brand yourself for success. Updated in 2014, it's packed with even more critical information aimed at providing mature applicants with the tools they need to gain the edge over the competition and successfully navigate the modern job market. Visit her website at Feisty Side of Fifty.com and celebrate your sassy side!
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Sahara: Sebi piles pressure to sell hotels | Roy pays Rs 31L for Tihar s facilitiesSebi piles pressure on Sahara chief Subrata Roy to sell overseas hotels
By Reuters | 31 Oct, 2014, 10.28PM IST
The markets regulator has accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell its marquee overseas hotels in New York and London.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The markets regulator has accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell its marquee overseas hotels in New York and London, seen as crucial to it complying with an order to repay investors and secure the release of jailed head Subrata Roy .
Roy, one of country's best-known business tycoons, has been held in a Delhi jail for nearly eight months over the conglomerate's failure to refund billions of dollars the group raised in outlawed bonds.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to pay Rs 100 billion ($1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for Roy, a flamboyant businessman who has often been photographed with senior politicians, professional cricketers and Bollywood movie stars.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) says that the total amount Sahara owes to investors is about 470 billion Indian rupees and has petitioned the country's top court to order the company to reveal details of offers it received for the sale or mortgage of its hotels, according to court documents seen by Reuters.
Sahara did not reply immediately to requests for comment.
Roy was sent back to a regular jail cell this month after spending two months in a makeshift prison office fitted with computers and phones to enable him to conduct negotiations with prospective buyers for Sahara's three hotels, including the Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
In its petition to the Supreme Court, the SEBI said it had been informed by various individuals and entities that Sahara was refusing to entertain bids for the hotels despite several such offers.
LETTERS OF INTENT
The regulator cited emails from purported representatives of companies including New York-based Madison Capital and Texas-based World Class Capital Group (WCCG), including letters of intent to acquire the Sahara hotels.
An official from Madison Capital declined comment and WCCG Chief Executive Nate Paul did not respond immediately to an emailed request for comment.
Page 1 of 2

Virgin spaceship crashes in US desert  pilot...Virgin spaceship crashes in US desert, pilot dead
By AFP | 1 Nov, 2014, 02.41AM IST
This handout file image obtained October 31, 2014, courtesy of NASA and Mars Scientific/Clay Center Observatory shows SpaceShipTwo as it completed its second powered flight on September 5,2013 over the Mojave desert.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CAPE CANAVERAL: Virgin Galactic's first commercial spacecraft crashed Friday during a test flight over California, scattering debris over the desert and leaving at least one pilot dead, officials said.
Television images showed the wreckage of SpaceShipTwo, a test vehicle that flies to the edge of space, amid brush in the desert east of Mojave, a few hours' drive northeast of Los Angeles.
The incident is second disaster involving a US spacecraft this week, after an unmanned Orbital Science rocket carrying supplie to the International Space Station exploded after launch on Tuesday.
It is also a huge blow to British tycoon Richard Branson's long-held dream of offering the first commercial space flights.
The Virgin chief made no immediate comment on the accident. "During the test, the vehicle suffered a serious anomaly resulting in the loss of SpaceShipTwo. Our first concern is the status of the pilots," the firm said in a tweet.
Virgin Galactic said the fate of the pilots was unknown but the California Highway Patrol confirmed reports that one pilot had died another was serious injured, and taken to hospital.
"We will work closely with relevant authorities to determine the cause of this accident and provide updates as soon as we are able to do so," Virgin said.
Officials were due to give a press conference at 2:00 pm (2100 GMT) to release more details of the accident, according to the KGET local TV station.
The spaceship had been carried aloft on a bigger aircraft known as WhiteKnightTwo and then released for a test of its rocket engine above the Mojave desert, in what was the 35th such flight.
"SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely," the firm wrote in a blow-by-blow account of the flight, adding: "Ignition! SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again."
The next tweet announced the "anomaly", followed by the series confirming the crash. The company added that WhiteKnightTwo had landed safely after the accident.
More than 500 people have already reserved seats -- and paid a deposit on the $200,000 ticket price -- for a minutes-long suborbital flight on SpaceShipTwo, which can carry six passengers.
It is the commercial version of SpaceShipOne, the first private spacecraft to reach the edge of space in 2004, and which is now on display at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington.
Private companies are rushing to fill the gap left by NASA, which ended its 30-year shuttle program in July with the completion of the final Atlantis mission to the International Space Station (ISS).
Friday's incident is the second involving a space craft this week, after the Orbital Science rocket exploded six seconds after launch on a resupply mission to the ISS.
Initial investigations into that explosion centered on the pair of rocket engines providing its thrust, which were made during the Soviet era and refurbished.
The Ukrainian-designed AJ-26 engines date back to the 1960s and 1970s, and Aerojet Rocketdyne of Sacramento, California has a stockpile that it refurbishes for Orbital Sciences.
Virgin Galactic's spacecraft breaks up on test flight...
of 9
Virgin Galactic's spacecraft breaks up
Text: AP
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo blew apart after being released from a carrier aircraft at high altitude.
The winged spaceship designed to take tourists on excursions beyond Earth's atmosphere broke up during a test flight over the Mojave Desert, killing a pilot in the second fiery setback for commercial space travel in less than a week.
One pilot died
One pilot was found dead inside the spacecraft and another parachuted out and was flown by helicopter to a hospital.
In pic: A piece of debris is seen near the scene of the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo near Cantil, California.
Crash area
The crash area was about 120 miles (193 kilometers) north of downtown Los Angeles and 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the Mojave Air and Space Port, where the mid-morning flight originated.
In pic: This image from video by KABC TV Los Angeles shows wreckage of SpaceShipTwo in Southern California's Mojave Desert.
Accident
The accident occurred just as it seemed commercial space flights were near, after a period of development that lasted far longer than hundreds of prospective passengers had expected.
In pic: A piece of debris is seen near the scene of the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo near Cantil, California.
Brief rocket firing
This flight marked the 55th for SpaceShipTwo, which was intended to be the first of a fleet of craft. This was only the fourth flight to include a brief rocket firing.
The rockets fire after the spacecraft is released from the underside of a larger carrying plane. During other flights, the craft either was not released from its mothership or functioned as a glider after release.
In pic: The Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo rocket explodes in the air during a test flight.
Next

Kerry  Zarif to hold nuclear talks in Oman on November 10:ReportUS Secretary of State John Kerry and Iran's foreign minister will hold nuclear talks in Oman on November 10.
By: Agence-France Presse | Vienna | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:12 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry and Iran’s foreign minister will hold nuclear talks in Oman on November 10, the Austria Press Agency reported today.
The meeting between Kerry and Mohammad Javad Zarif comes ahead of a final round of talks between Iran and world powers in Vienna from around November 17, APA cited unnamed diplomatic sources as saying.
Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany (the P5+1) aim to reach a deal by November 24 on reining in Iran’s nuclear programme.
Such an accord would ease fears, after a decade of rising tensions, that Tehran might develop nuclear weapons under the guise of its civilian atomic programme.
In return for reducing the scope of its activities and allowing closer UN inspections, Iran, which denies wanting the bomb, wants painful UN and Western sanctions lifted.
Months of intense negotiations, including between Kerry and Zarif in mid-October in Vienna, have made some progress but appear deadlocked on the key issues of uranium enrichment and the pace of any sanctions relief.
Enrichment renders uranium suitable for nuclear power generation and other peaceful uses but also, at high purities, for a nuclear bomb.
Kerry had said yesterday that reaching a deal would require Iran to make “tough decisions”.
Catherine Ashton, the outgoing EU foreign policy chief who will continue to chair the nuclear talks until November 24, will also be present in Oman, APA reported.
The news agency also said that chief negotiators from the six powers but without Iran will meet in Vienna on November 7.
Oman was where the United States and Iran reportedly held secret talks that laid the groundwork for an interim deal struck last November.
Important towards easing fears about Iran’s nuclear programme is an ongoing probe by the UN atomic watchdog into suspected activities by Iran towards developing a nuclear weapon.
The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency watchdog, Yukiya Amano, said today that progress in this probe has slowed in recent months and is now “limited”.

Team Fadnavis: Four CM aspirants  one Amit Shah confidant  one ModimanTeam Fadnavis consists of eight ministers and two misters of state.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:11 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 11:20 am
The 8 ministers and 2 ministers of state in Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis’s cabinet represent a combination of regions and castes.
There are 2 Marathas, 2 OBCs, 1 SC, 1 ST, 1 North Indian, 1 Vaishya and 1 Gujarati Brahmin — apart from the CM himself, who is a Brahmin. Four were CM aspirants: Khadse, Tawde, Mungantiwar and Pankaja. At least two are close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi
and BJP president Amit Shah: Chandrakant Patil and Prakash Mehta.
DILIP KAMBLE
52, SC, Western Maharashtra
Two-time MLA and former minister of state; won the race for a Cabinet berth against Girish Bapat, a Brahmin from the same Pune region, which the BJP swept. Kamble, a Dalit, upset former Congress minister Ramesh Bagwe at the Pune Cantonment seat.
PANKAJA MUNDE
35, OBC, Marathwada
Has grown from looking after her late father’s constituency Parli in Beed district to becoming a leader in her own right. Was elected to the assembly in 2009 after her father moved to the national stage, and was elected BJP state youth wing president soon after. She has established herself as an able orator and led a massive election rally of 2 lakh OBCs at Bhagvangad in Ahmednagar district, which was attended by BJP president Amit Shah. This was her first rally after Gopinath Munde’s death. Pankaja combines administrative skills with qualities of a mass leader, and has been candid about her ambitions.
CHANDRAKANT PATIL
46, Maratha, Western Maharashtra
Close to Amit Shah; was in the running for state BJP chief. Has roots in Kolhapur, from where Shah’s parents-in-law hail, and where Shah launched the BJP’s Assembly polls campaign. Is low-profile member of the Legislative Council, vice-president of the state BJP; could serve as bridge between party and government. Has close ties with RSS; was asked by Shah to negotiate with Sena on government formation. His links with Shah go back to the time he was with ABVP in Gujarat. Affectionately called ‘Dada’; has commerce degree from Mumbai’s Siddharth College. Lives in Ghargoti village in Kolhapur.
VINOD TAWDE
51, Maratha, Mumbai
Three-term MLC and former Leader of Opposition in Legislative Council; debutes in state assembly after winning the Borivali seat. Known for his ability to organise, plan and strategise, and has always played a key role in the party organisation, whether as general secretary or while leading it in the state council. Tawde’s home is in Mumbai, and his roots are in Konkan. Has an engineering degree in Electronics; joined the Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad in college. Has often played the “Maratha card” to bolster his claim of leadership in the state and party. Announced during campaign that he would become home minister and “send Ajit Pawar to jail”.
VISHNU SAVRA
63, ST, Thane
6-term MLA, now represents Vekramgarh in Palghar district, a tribal dominated area adjoining Thane district. BJP tribal face since the 90s; was minister of state for tribal development in BJP-Sena government. Was Thane district chief, where BJP managed to continued…

More Amazon vendors get Karnataka VATnoticePrint
Bangalore | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:01 am
Karnataka’s commercial taxes department has issued notices to an additional 25 vendors on Amazon’s online marketplace for registering the e-commerce player’s fulfilment centre as an additional place of business. The move comes even as the department is working to amend the state’s value-added tax (VAT) laws to plug loopholes that it believes e-commerce companies are exploiting. After the latest round, the total number of notices issued has risen to 75.
Earlier, the department had issued notices to about 50 sellers who too had registered Amazon’s fulfilment centre, near Bangalore, as their additional place of business, which is against the state’s VAT rules. These vendors, sources said, had not disclosed that it was a shared facility.
“We don’t want to drive out e-commerce companies from the state but we want to ensure rules are followed,” an official told FE. The tax authorities had raised a red flag over the Fulfillment by Amazon service under which the e-tailer encourages merchants to store products in its fulfilment centres even before an order is placed to facilitate faster delivery and enhance customer satisfaction.
However, the authorities contend that this makes Amazon a commission agent and wants it to pay VAT on behalf of the sellers. Amazon maintains that it merely provides a platform to third-party merchants and does not own the inventory and so is not liable to pay VAT.
“When Amazon started the fulfilment centre here, 101 sellers had applied to register it as an additional place of business, of which 27 were rejected at the outset,” the official said. Of the remaining 74 sellers, the department recently cancelled the permission given to 24 while issuing notices to the remaining 50 and allowing them two weeks’ time to respond.
Besides, the department also wants to ensure that e-commerce firms do not escape paying taxes given how some of them operate through a maze of subsidiaries. “Some e-commerce companies have separate entities controlling different areas of the business. We want to make them liable or ensure that one particular entity shoulders the responsibility to pay the tax,” the official said.
Amazon, in a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission earlier this week, had said that its business in India involves unique risks as there are uncertainties over the country’s laws and regulations.
The e-tailer’s China business may also face similar hurdles, it had said in the statement. “If our international activities were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC (the People’s Republic of China), Indian or other laws or regulations or if interpretations of those laws and regulations were to change, our businesses in those countries could be subject to fines and other financial penalties, have licences revoked, or be forced to shut down entirely,” the company said in the filing.
VAT’s the big deal
State govt is yet to approve the changes proposed by the sales tax department in the law
If approved, it will drive Amazon out of the state
State govt wants to bring clarity in law while not driving out e-commerce firms
Amazon had recently issued continued…

Markets say sayonara to Fed as Bank of Japan stepsinPrint
Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:58 am
The Indian stock market remained firmly in the grip of bulls on Friday as benchmark indices soared to unprecedented levels amid optimism the Bank of Japan’s (BoJ) stimulus will fill a part of the gap created by the completion of US Federal Reserve’s bond buying programme.
Anticipation of accelerated policy measures by the NDA government, an improvement in corporate earnings, and low crude oil prices that will help India’s twin deficits also acted as catalysts for investors to indulge in value buying after a near 5% correction correction in prices in August-September.
Global investors have pumped in close to $14 billion so far in 2014, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg. The Sensex has gained 32% this year, the best performer among the world’s 10 biggest markets, the data show, as the BJP government which swept to power in a landslide victory in May has ended price curbs on diesel, raised natural-gas tariffs and eased rules on foreign investment in property development.
Last year, India pulled in $19.7 billion while in 2012 foreign flows hit $24.5 billion on top of a record $29.3 billion in 2010. On Friday, foreign portfolio investors were buyers for the third straight session, shopping for shares worth $290 million in the cash segment, taking their total purchases in the last two weeks to nearly $1 billion.
The Sensex closed at an all-time high of 27,865.83 points, up 1.9% or 519.50 points, the biggest single-day gain since May 12. The broader Nifty also hit a new all-time high of 8322.20 points, up 153 points or 1.87%. Benchmark indices have posted 4.6% returns in October, the biggest monthly gain since June.
Japan’s Nikkei soared 4.8% to a seven-year high and other Asian stocks advanced 1-2% as the BoJ unexpectedly expanded its stimulus programme and the country’s pension fund increased its allocation to foreign stocks. European stocks rose to a three-week high and US futures gained more than 1%, signalling American indices will hit new highs.
“Markets don’t really seem to care about what kind of stimulus we get or where it’s coming from, as long we get something,” Bloomberg quoted Teis Knuthsen, chief investment officer at Saxo Bank’s private-banking unit, as saying. “Central banks are trying to squeeze money into the system and as long as economic growth is good enough, all that money will be going into financial assets. What happened in Japan is very powerful for equities, and it’s really rippling throughout global markets,” Knuthsen added.
Deutshce Bank (India) raised its Sensex target to 29,000 points by March 2015 on expectations of “intensifying policy action” and inexpensive valuations of 16.6 times given the tailwind of policy actions. “We expect the government to capitalise on an approaching 11-month election-free window to move ahead decisively. We expect enactment of insurance amendment Bill, tabling of the constitutional amendment Bill for GST (goods and services tax), amendments to land and labour Bills, long-pending critical reforms in the banking sector, and coal sector reforms over next 12 months, beginning with the winter session of continued…

Fadnavis  oath-taking ceremony turns into mini Kumbh | Promises transparent governmentactor
(More than a 100 ‘saints’…)
MUMBAI: Religion reigned in the oath-taking ceremony of the first ever BJP government in Maharashtra with sadhus from all over the state given pride of place while a separate enclave accommodated spiritual figures from other faiths.
The unchecked enthusiasm of party cadres led to chaotic scenes at the Wankhede Stadium and many prominent invitees had to struggle to make it to the VIP enclosure.
More than a 100 'saints' from all parts of the state were given special invites, with a special VIP gate ushering them in safely to the chagrin of those who had to walk back from the venue because of the crowds.
The sight of a sea of saffron immediately invited criticism from Opposition. "This was a government function but sadhus, saints, buwa-baba and maharajs (godmen) were present in a large number... Is this not superstition?" former CM and Congress leader Ashok Chavan asked.
CM Devendra Fadnavis , however, was quick to dismiss that. "They belonged to all religions. There is a thin line between belief and superstition. We are against superstition," he said. Earlier, arrangements for the lavish ceremony itself had come for criticism, but on Friday, BJP cadres couldn't seem to get enough of what was on offer.
Noted industrialist Adi Godrej was seen wading through a long queue from the VIP enclosure to reach the special VIP box. Famous builder Niranjan Hiranandani had to endure pushing and shoving crowds before he could make it to the venue. ADAG Group chairman Anil Ambani was lucky to skip the queues and the chaos as BJP cadres removed one of the barricades to get him to the enclosure.
Actor Nana Patekar chose to return from the gates after his second attempt to reach the VIP enclosure went in vain because of the teeming crowd. Well-known Marathi actors Ramesh Deo and his son Ajinkya who were unable to get in were seated in the press gallery.
However, it was neither the saints nor Fadnavis who was the biggest draw. The loudest cheers were reserved for PM Narendra Modi as he entered the venue. Pankaja Munde too evoked quite a response from the crowd. NCP leader Praful Patel who entered the VIP enclosure didn't sit with other NCP leaders like Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare in a separate stage. Patel went and sat beside BJP Chief Ministers and was seen talking animatedly with Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje Scindia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Too early to get back in energy: O Learytoo early to get back in energy: o leary
Englewood Whole Foods backing local productsEnglewood Whole Foods backing local products
Caption Englewoods Whole Foods
Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune
Renee Diaz of Sparrow and Manna takes notes while her son Noah, 3, is kept busy watching a cartoon on her laptop, at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago.
Renee Diaz of Sparrow and Manna takes notes while her son Noah, 3, is kept busy watching a cartoon on her laptop, at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago. (Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Englewood Whole Foods
Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune
Noah Diaz, 3, stays busy watching a cartoons on a laptop while his mother sits nearby listening to speakers at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago.
Noah Diaz, 3, stays busy watching a cartoons on a laptop while his mother sits nearby listening to speakers at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago. (Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Englewood Whole Foods
Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune
Jerome Daniels of U.S Bank talks with an attendee at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago.
Jerome Daniels of U.S Bank talks with an attendee at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago. (Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Englewoods Whole Foods
Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune
Julie Blubaugh, local forager for Whole Foods' Midwest region speaks at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago.
Julie Blubaugh, local forager for Whole Foods' Midwest region speaks at the Industry Coaching for Small Businesses workshop held at Kennedy King College in Chicago. (Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Englewood Whole Foods
Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune
Future site of Whole Foods store at the intersection of 63rd St. and Halsted St., across from Kennedy King College in Chicago.
Future site of Whole Foods store at the intersection of 63rd St. and Halsted St., across from Kennedy King College in Chicago. (Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune)
Got a local product? Whole Foods might want it
Whole Foods, Chicago groups help small businesses pitch products
Renee Diaz makes whole-wheat tortillas from scratch in her Bridgeport kitchen, using a recipe passed down from her grandmother. One day, she hopes to sell them at Whole Foods.
Diaz and dozens of others headed to the first of three workshops run by Whole Foods Market, the Greater Englewood Community Development Corp. and the city of Chicago. The parties aim to get small business owners, such as Diaz, ready to pitch their products to Whole Foods Market before the company's Englewood store opens in 2016.
Whole Foods Market prides itself on selling a variety of organic fare. It also tries to find local favorites that could ultimately find spots on shelves across the chain.
"We look for products that fill a void," Whole Foods Market's Julie Blubaugh told dozens of small business owners gathered at Kennedy-King College on Friday.
  Open link
Blubaugh works for Whole Foods as a local forager in its Midwest region, which stretches to Canada. She and another forager meet with local businesses months before stores open to scout for items that could be added to the new stores' shelves.
Whole Foods is best known for catering to middle- to high-income shoppers with a mix of organic produce and other upscale offerings. In Englewood, where the median household income is just below $20,000, Whole Foods has said it will ensure that its products are affordable.
Whole Foods wants to find local items that are original, innovative, unique or trending, Blubaugh told the small business owners that included makers of popcorn and granola as well as a small landscape design company owner who hopes to sell plants and flowers to the store.
8
"Anytime that we come into a new community we try to put on something like this," Blubaugh said. Earlier this week, she was in Michigan for a one-day event ahead of the opening of a store in East Lansing.
Whole Foods offers small loans to help businesses with a variety of issues, such as getting their packaging FDA-ready, Blubaugh said. Since 2007, it has given at least 190 loans valued from $1,000 to $100,000 and totaling more than $10 million, she said. The average loan carries a 5.3 percent interest rate, Blubaugh said.
First, though, companies need to get ready to pitch their products to the chain.
For the Englewood store, Whole Foods and city groups are holding three sessions to help prepare small businesses. The Englewood Whole Foods, set to open in 2016 at 63rd and Halsted streets is just across the street from the Kennedy-King College building where the chain and various partners met with potential vendors.
cComments
First Rahm gives the developer who donated to him TIF dollars to build this store that has no chance of success now he convinces the tribune board to tell the reporter who wrote this story to come up with this fantasy scripted story that will never happen. Rahm and Rauner must be stopped. There...
southloopactivist
3
Friday's session focused on small business basics such as learning how to obtain city licenses, find a location for a small business and secure funding. At a session in November, they will delve into product safety and development, as well as financing options. In January, the small businesses will learn more about the store's processes and may be able to have one-on-one meetings to pitch their products.
The city's Business Affairs and Consumer Protection Department is one of the groups participating in the workshops. Commissioner Maria Guerra Lapacek said it is important to have representation from the local community in the Englewood store. Her department has held other sessions to help small businesses, but Lapacek called the Whole Foods three-part series its most comprehensive to date.
"Whole Foods wants there to be community presence in their stores generally, and specifically in the Englewood store," said Lapacek. "The mayor was very clear with me about wanting to make sure that the community was represented."
A number of the small businesses attending Friday's session make food in small batches and hope to find out about access to local commercial kitchens where they could ramp up production to potentially sell products to Whole Foods and other chains.
MonaLisa Drake was excited to hear that a commercial kitchen is being planned for Englewood. These days she drives to Valparaiso, Ind., to produce her Marfreless popcorn, which is flavored with alcohol extracts meant to mimic drinks such as Champagne, Grand Marnier and Jamaican rum.
"That will be the niche that Garrett's doesn't have," Drake said.
Diaz came to Friday's event hoping to learn more about how to market herself. At home, she does everything from catering and cake decorating to making jewelry for her company, Sparrow and Manna, which she started in 2010.
"I have a tortilla that's pretty interesting," said Diaz, who attended with her 3-year old son, Noah. The whole-wheat, vegan, yeast-free tortilla is based on a method Diaz's grandmother passed down.
"I haven't found anything like it."
Other small companies have grown with Whole Foods. Blubaugh told the story of Scrumptious Pantry, which Lee Greene brought from Italy to Chicago's Logan Square in 2010. A couple of years later, the company sold products such as pickles in just one Whole Foods, in Madison, Wis. Greene went on to meet with Whole Foods' global team, and even got a loan from the grocer to buy some equipment. Now, her company's Heirloom hot sauces — made in collaboration with Co-op Sauce, another Chicago company — are sold in Whole Foods stores around the country.
"Everyone there really strongly believes in supporting small producers, finding products that really have an impact and are better products for the consumers," Greene said. "I never had the feeling it was just some corporate mission statement. ... You're really taken seriously as a partner even though you're a small company."
Jewel-Osco could not immediately comment on its local sourcing efforts. Mariano's efforts have included two "Meet the Buyer Expo" meetings, at which some local businesses were able to meet its buyers.
Whole Foods, based in Austin, Texas, already has 19 stores in the Chicago area. It plans to open seven stores in 2015 in converted Dominick's locations, starting with a store at 255 E. Grand Ave. in Streeterville in January. Overall, Whole Foods plans to open 17 stores in its Midwest region in 2015 and 2016, Blubaugh said. Another South Side store, in Hyde Park, is not set to open until 2017.

Builder with adequate experience could have headed off problems0
We're puzzled as to who is designing the home. While some builders have architects on staff, most don't. It's usually up to clients to hire an architect to design a home. If you own the lot and don't have an architect, you need to find another builder, one with extensive designing and building experience in your city.
Builders frequently work with several different architects; the architect for your home should have detailed knowledge of the building requirements in your area. The core problem in your situation is your builder seems to know little more about these issues than you do.
Whether you own the lot or the builder does, the builder should have a great deal more knowledge about building homes in your area. The lot size is always a consideration when figuring out what you can build on a lot. Many municipal codes contain restrictions on how close a structure can be to the side of the lot, how far back a home must sit on the lot, and limits on a home's height, footprint, maximum square footage, and the size of driveways and other impermeable surfaces, along with a host of other issues.
While it's not unusual that a municipality will tell you that your plans for a home might not conform to the letter of the law, we find it strange that your builder would be so clueless as to not know that the lot couldn't support your request for a three car garage and porch.
If the builder thought that key features of your home design wouldn't pass muster with the municipality, he should have warned you of that -- even if he was willing to give it a shot and see if the plans would be approved.
Given that you signed a contract, and probably agreed to modify the contract to delete the three car and porch requirement, we don't know where that leaves you. Look at your contract to see what rights you have. Consult a real estate attorney in your area to understand the contract and your rights. If you own the lot, we doubt any other builder would have better luck getting the three car garage and porch built. And if you had been considering other lots that could accommodate a three car garage and porch, they might have been larger, more expensive lots.
Unless your contract specifically allows you to sue the builder and recover your "loss" from rising prices and lost opportunities, you generally will be out that. However, if this builder is not right for you and you can get your $15,000 back, you can move on to work with a builder that has more experience in your area.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Will This Be the China Centuryreddit
China reported its economy grew "only" 7.3 percent in the third quarter, below the projected 7.5 percent. If China fails to meet its target for the year, it will be the first time since 1998. China's long-term growth prospects seem weaker still. The Conference Board sees its growth slowing to an average of 5.5 percent from 2015 to 2019, and possibly lower still after that, though long term economic projections are notoriously unreliable.
Of course, the U.S., Europe and many other countries would gladly accept 7.3 percent or even 5.5 percent. Even so, it does appear the bloom is off the rose of China's economic miracle. China was logging growth above 10 percent year after year, but that was from a low base. As China's economy has become a behemoth, second only to the U.S., it is finding robust growth increasingly difficult to achieve, as it is with all developed nations.
The proximate cause of China's current distress is a property bubble -- as exemplified by the Potemkin villages of millions of unsold housing units reported on CBS's "Sixty Minutes." China's property sector accounts for half of its GDP when related industries such as steel, appliances and construction are included. China is a prosperous country overall but the average citizen is still poor by western standards. There is simply no way they can afford to buy millions of expensive high rise condos, many of which are sitting empty. Millions of middle class Chinese have invested their savings in abandoned housing projects. Housing prices in China are plummeting by more than 10 percent a year, and the decline is accelerating. We know all too well how this story plays out.
China's economic slowdown is a big problem for the world economy. China is a major market for commodity producers, and one of the largest recipients of foreign investment. Australia for example has been on a binge supplying raw materials to the expanding Chinese market. By some estimates, China accounts for a fourth of the world's growth. China's difficulties along with weakness in the European Union suggest anemic growth in the years ahead for most of the world's major economies.
The question is what happens next. Are we embarked upon the China century? If China weathers this storm, and resumes its 7-8 percent a year growth, it will soon become the world's dominant economy. This scenario is plausible because China is only half way through its process of urbanization and has roughly $5 trillion in reserves to help it through the tight spots.
On the other hand, no country has ever had 6-10 percent annual growth for more than 30 years. China has already reached the end of that cycle. From here on, economic growth will become more difficult to achieve. Also, the Chinese economic and political systems are not flexible enough to manage a soft landing. The Chinese miracle is real but the yellow brick road to prosperity, as we all know only too well, is littered with potholes.
Jerry Jasinowski was President of the National Association of Manufacturers for 14 years and later The Manufacturing Institute. You may quote from this with attribution. Jerry is available for speaking engagements.  October 2014
More:

Can I Really Impact My Work-Life Balancereddit
I don't need another article or blog post about work-life balance to tell me I'm overwhelmed. Do you? The media continually reminds us that our modern lifestyle is not sustainable for a sane and satisfying life. This isn't news to me, my peers or my clients. In working with hundreds of professionals over the past 15 years to make positive and impactful changes to their career and life, I have met very few who weren't struggling with some aspect of work-life balance. That's why I'm inspired to share my thoughts about how you can impact your work-life balance during WorldatWork's National Work and Family Month .
While most of us are competent problem solvers at work, we tend to be so mired in the craziness of our day-to-day lives that we feel helpless to make change there. While it is unrealistic to expect to go from working 60 hours a week, singlehandedly managing your home and barely sleeping to the serene, organized and efficient operating model about which we fantasize, change is possible.
Right now, schedule a time - actually schedule it, on your calendar, in ink -- when you can step back, consider the following questions and start the process.
What is driving my current choices?
If you are dissatisfied with your work-life balance and haven't already taken steps to change it, there is likely something you gain from your situation. Be it financial security, leadership, prestige, survival, accomplishment or a host of other reasons, this represents something you value. Once you determine what drives your current choices, it is easier to consider changing or to accept that it may be too difficult to do so at this time.
For example, if you determine that prestige is driving the current intensity of your life, you get to decide if what you gain from your prestige at work is worth the stress it is having on you and your family. If it's not, you can begin the work of change. However be open to the possibility that the choices you're making are tied to something that is non-negotiable to you. If that's the case, you can choose to accept the intensity of your current situation. Many of my clients have achieved satisfaction without making any changes to their work-life balance, by simply gaining awareness as to why they are working the way the are.
What am I willing to do differently?
I have many clients who are unhappy with their work-life situation and are not willing to make any changes. Often, we are so invested in the life we've created that the idea of doing anything differently feels impossible, pointless or scary. Yet, we've all heard Einstein's quote, "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results."
Think about what you are comfortable doing differently. Could you leave work on time one day a week? Say 'no' and risk disappointing a friend or colleague? Submit a first draft that really is a first draft? Delegate real work? Experiment with just one or two new ways to do things that give you more autonomy over your own time and energy.
What might I have to risk?
With change comes risk. When you do something differently, it's likely to have an impact. The colleague you say no to may get angry; skipping dinner with a friend to work out may disappoint your friend; asking for help from your partner may feel uncomfortable to you. In most situations, we overestimate the risk, and gain far more than expected. However, the more aware you are of what you might risk, the easier it will be to measure it against the potential benefits.
What will I gain?
Clarity about what you will gain is the best motivation for incorporating successful new behaviors into your life. Take some time out of your busy schedule - 10 minutes is enough - to define what you will gain if your work-life balance situation becomes better, more manageable, more sane, more enjoyable...you decide what you want to be different and how you want to feel and what at least one benefit could be.
These questions are not tips and they're definitely not a magic wand. Making any type of change requires self-assessment, choice and then a commitment to actually make the change. Once you've done the above work, you really can make a work-life balance change and experience the benefit.
Philadelphia-based leadership/executive coach Julie Cohen, PCC, is the author of Your Work, Your Life...Your Way: 7 Keys to Work-Life Balance. Cohen provides organizations with training programs and executive coaching to enhance work life balance satisfaction, professional effectiveness and leadership development. Learn more about Cohen at www.7KeysToWorkLifeBalance.com . Follow her at www.facebook.com/7Keys or @jccoach on Twitter.
Follow Julie Cohen, PCC on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jccoach
More:

Biodiversity: What s Worth Savingreddit
New economic analysis shows it's a great deal to reduce coral losses - but likely not to make more protected areas.
Biodiversity - the range of species we share our planet with - is important, but can we put a value on it? And can we estimate the benefits and costs of conservation? Professor Anil Markandya and two other economists ( Luke Brander and Alistair McVittie ) have written three new, economics papers for my think tank, the Copenhagen Consensus. They find that not only can we estimate the costs and benefits for some projects but also that conservation can be a great investment.
A target to preventing the loss of coral reefs will for each dollar spent deliver at least $24 of environmental benefits. Likewise, reducing the current loss of forests by half would likely do about $10 of good for each dollar spent. They also find that increasing protected areas is likely to be a poor target.
This matters, because the global community, spearheaded by the UN, is currently working to formulate a set of key targets, which will guide how resources are used from next year until 2030. These follow on from the Millennium Development Goals, an ambitious set of targets that directed hundreds of billions of development dollars since 2000.
The problem is that right now, most interest groups understandably battle to include their favorite targets, but having more than a thousand potential targets leaves the world with no priorities. That is why the Copenhagen Consensus is helping by asking top economists to analyze what works and what we can afford.
Of course, some of the obvious issues relate to adequate food, clean water and better schooling and healthcare. But humans don't live separately from the natural world. Rather, we rely on it for many different benefits or what experts call 'ecosystem services'. For example, forests don't just provide timber and firewood, but also provide flood protection, because they can soak up intense rainfalls - for instance, a big part of the reason Pakistan had such hugely damaging floods in 2010 was because large parts of its upper forests had been cut down. Here forests could have protected many of the poor that now saw their homes flooded or even their kids perish.
Forests also provide beauty experiences for residents near-by, while drawing in tourism, generating more benefits. At the same time, growing forests take up carbon dioxide from the air and lock it away for decades or even centuries while producing oxygen. And forests also provide refuge for enormous numbers of bird, animal and plant species, especially found in tropical rainforests.
All of these benefits can be valued. Timber has a commercial price, so that is straightforward. Locking away carbon can be priced based on likely costs of avoided climate damage, and likewise flood protection value shows up as reduced future floods. There is also a value for recreation and tourism, but not all of this is paid for by the users. Moreover, preserving species clearly have a benefit, but typically not one we pay for. This is where putting a price on a natural resources become more difficult, and economists have to fall back on surveys which ask people how much they are willing to pay to keep forests in place.
That makes it more difficult to put a firm value on a hectare of forest, but the academics all agree that spending a dollar is likely to do more than a dollar worth of good. The most likely outcome of a series of cost-benefit analyses show that setting the goal "reduce global forest loss by 50%" is likely to do about $5-$15 worth of social good for every dollar spent.
The same kind of analysis shows that preserving wetlands could be a good deal. The economists show that reducing global wetland loss by 50% will very likely do more good than its cost and most likely fall in the same range of about $10 back on each dollar.
More spectacular is the analysis for coral reefs, which both act as fishery hatcheries and fishing resources while storing abundant numbers of species. At the same time, coral reefs possess an amazing beauty, which both shows up in large tourism revenues but also in most individuals saying they are willing to pay a certain amount to make sure they continue to exist for our grand children. The analyses show that reducing global coral loss by 50% may cost about $3 billion per year but the total benefits likely run to at least $72, or about $24 dollars back for every dollar invested.
However, economics also reveals poor targets: focusing to substantially increase protected areas is likely to cost so much - close to a trillion dollars - that it will generate less environmental benefit than the cost.
Of course, as we look to the next fifteen years, we have to spend most of our focus on the obvious wrongs with billions of people that are poor, lack food, water, health and education. But these analyses suggest that carefully crafted, environmental targets should also be a part of this solution.
Our job is to make sure that economic arguments are heard so we pick the smart targets but drop the poor ones, to make sure the next fifteen years help the world and its inhabitants as much as possible.
Follow Bjørn Lomborg on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bjornlomborg
More:

Water level crosses 136 ft in MullaperiyarUpdated: November 1, 2014 09:46 IST
Water level crosses 136 ft in Mullaperiyar
Giji K. Raman
Tweet
The Hindu The water level touched 136 ft at 4 p.m. and was rising, an official of the Tamil Nadu Public Works Department told The Hindu.
The water level in the Mullaperiyar dam crossed 136 ft on Friday evening, a first since 1979. The Supreme Court on May 6 allowed Tamil Nadu to raise the water level in the dam from 136 to 142 ft.
The water level touched 136 ft at 4 p.m. and was rising, an official of the Tamil Nadu Public Works Department told The Hindu.
On Thursday, the five-member sub-committee, under the expert committee set up by the Supreme Court, monitored the water and seepage levels to set in motion a visit of the expert panel on November 3.
The spurt in the water level followed heavy rain and Tamil Nadu reducing offtake of water from the dam after the reservoirs downstream reached full capacity following heavy rain.
The PWD had repaired the spillway shutters and enhanced security measures to increase the reservoir level after the apex court order.
The official said Tamil Nadu was drawing water at 456 cubic ft per second on Friday where as the inflow was 1,912 cubic ft per second.

Witness: Space Tourism Rocket Explodes in DesertThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Congress leader expelled for sending anti-partymessagesPrint
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:39 am
In probably the first such instance, the Chhattisgarh Congress has expelled a party leader for making comments against the party leadership in a conversation on WhatsApp.
Salil Kumar was expelled from the party for six years on Friday by PCC chief Bhupesh Baghel after he allegedly posted anti-Congress comments and praised the Narendra Modi government on a WhatsApp group.
Kumar first allegedly posted an image that showed former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi holding a bank account in Swiss Banks.
When another Congress member contradicted him, saying the bank account list is yet to be verified, Kumar stuck to his stand and claimed that former finance minister P Chidambaram has been sitting on the list for several years. He then claimed he was a Modi-bhakt and praised RSS for its good work.
“It’s an extremely serious matter, gross violation of party’s discipline. I called Delhi leaders and informed them about the situation. I expelled him from the party with immediate effect,” Baghel said.

Indira remembered  Maharashtra & Gujarat show whos thesardarPrint
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:37 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 2:43 am
Across the country, BJP and its governments celebrate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and Unity; subdued Congress observes both Unity and Indira Gandhi’s death anniversary
MAHARASHTRA
Mumbai
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao flagged off the Run for Unity, in which Chief Minister designate Devendra Fadnavis and union ministers Prakash Javadekar, Piyush Goyal and Raosaheb Danve participated. IIT Bombay screened a documentary on Patel, organised a drawing competition and a run on campus. At Mumbai University, 1,200 students took a national unity pledge. At a sombre affair at the Congress office at Azad Maidan, Mumbai Congress chief Janardan Chandurkar paid tributes to both Indira and Patel.
Pune
National Unity Day celebrations overshadowed Indira’s death anniversary. Run for Unity was flagged off at all government offices, schools and colleges. Pune Municipal Corporation and Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation — ruled by NCP-Congress and Congress respectively — observed both, but the ‘unity’ celebration was more exuberant. Pune University organised several ‘unity’ functions. The Pune Congress observed a formal Indira Gandhi Jayanti event at Congress Bhavan; the city BJP unit organised the Run for Unity.
GUJARAT
Chief Minister Anandiben Patel presided over the flagging of the Run For Unity, inaugurated the renovated government primary school at the Sardar’s birthplace, Karamsad, and laid the foundation for the Shrestha Bharat Bhavan at Kevadiya Colony, which is a part of the Statue Of Unity project. The government issued advertisments in newspapers, and the CM blogged and tweeted about the Sardar. Homage to Indira was confined to the Congress party and headquarters, and social media on which party leaders posted tributes.
RAJASTHAN
The government issued newspaper ads on Patel, the Congress on Indira. The Congress observed both events in its district and block units, and at the party head office in the state capital. The BJP Yuva Morcha organized the Run for Unity across the state. Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje administered the ‘unity’ oath to schoolchildren.
PUNJAB
At the Congress head office, leaders gathered to mark “Sankalp Diwas”. The state BJP did not organise any function at its headquarters, but leaders and workers gathered for the Run for Unity in district offices. No function was organised by the SAD. Government offices organised the ‘unity’ pledge and government schools ‘unity’ runs.
KARNATAKA
The Congress government organised separate functions for Patel and Indira. Chief Minister Siddaramaiah was present for both the events, at the Vidhana Soudha and the Congress office respectively. At the Unity Day event, he and other officials took the ‘unity’, and the government organised the ‘national unity’ run.
UTTAR PRADESH
The BJP organised Run for Unity programmes; in Lucknow, union minister Uma Bharti participated. The UPCC held a shradhanjali sabha as well as a programme to observe Sardar Patel jayanti at the state party office.
HIMACHAL PRADESH
CM Virbhadra Singh led the tribute to Indira at Ridge maidan in Shimla. He also administered the ‘unity’ oath to officials present at the event. Not much happened at BJP offices.
BIHAR
The Bihar Congress organised functions at its office for both Patel and Indira, which, however, were not attended by the party’s top leaders. BJP leaders Ramkripal Yadav and C P Thakur attended continued…

Pakistan police arrest two suspects involved in Bhutto attackcaseBy: Press Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:34 am
Pakistan police said they have arrested two members of outlawed Tehreek-e-Taliban allegedly involved in the deadly attack on slain former premier Benazir Bhutto’s convoy in 2007.
The arrests were made during an operation in Karachi’s Garden area.
According to SP CID Usman Bajwa, the arrested suspects were involved in the deadly October 18 attack on Karsaz road.
“We have also arrested a target killer who has confessed to killing 20 people,” he said.
The arrested persons have made some important disclosures about the attack on October 18, Bajwa said.
Around 115 people were killed and over 200 injured when a suicide bomber targeted Bhutto during a rally on her return to the country after eight years in exile.
Bajwa said they were also involved in a suicide attack on a close friend and ally of former President Asif Zardari, the husband of the slain prime minister.
Bajwa said that accused were identified as Jamshed Khan alias Khutki and Mohammad Abid alias Abdullah of TTP and target killer, Junaid Zaidi.

Azam Khans wife rejects Mulayams Rajya Sabha ticketofferPrint
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav,Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and cabinet Minister Azam Khan. (IE Photo: Vishal Srivastav)
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:24 pm
Senior UP minister Azam Khan’s wife Tazeen Fatima Friday turned down Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s offer to nominate her to Rajya Sabha.
Earlier, in February, Fatima had rejected Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav’s offer to appoint her as chairperson of Higher Education Service Commission.
Mulayam had issued six names — Ramgopal Yadav, Chandrapal Singh Yadav, Ravi Prakash Verma, Neeraj Shekhar, Javed Ali Khan and Dr Tazeen Fatima  — for the election to the Upper House from Uttar Pradesh.
Soon after the list was released in Delhi, Fatima, who was in Rampur, refused the offer and issued a statement that any other deserving candidate who has been left out should be given the chance.
She, however, reaffirmed her faith in Mulayam and thanked him for offering her the Rajya Sabha ticket.
The move even as it created a buzz  at the SP office in Lucknow could not be decoded by state level leaders.
“It is up to our national president Mulayam Singh Yadav to take decisions,” said SP’s state spokesperson Rajendra Choudhary.
Sources in the SP claimed that Azam, who is also a member of central parliamentary board, did not attend the meeting.
Sources even said Fatima may file the nomination. Another speculation is that Azam took the step after the recent bonhomie between his critic Amar Singh and Mulayam
The SP has put two Muslims (Tazeen Fatima and Javed Ali Khan), two Yadavs (Ramgopal Yadav and Chandrapal Singh Yadav), a Kurmi (Ravi Prakash Verma who is a former MP from Kheri) and a Thakur (Neeraj Shekhar, the son of former PM Chandrashekhar) on the list.
Though the name of Ashok Bajpayee, a Brahmin, was doing the round, the SP decided against it after it is said to have failed to get the community’s support during the Lok Sabha elections.
Ramgopal Yadav, who is Mulayam’s cousin and member of Rajya Sabha, and Ravi Prakash Verma are member of central parliamentary board that had to decide on the candidates.
With its numerical strength, the SP can get its six candidates elected. It did not field estranged SP leader Amar Singh who is also retiring from Rajya Sabha. Now chances of Amar Singh filing nomination as seventh independent candidate are bleak.
Ten seats from UP for Rajya Sabha are going to polls on November 20.
As per numerical strength of parties, SP can get six seats, BSP two seats and BJP and Congress-RLD combine can get one seat each.

PM declines invite to attend ChhattisgarheventPrint
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:26 am
FOR the first time in its history, Chhattisgarh will not have any BJP leader as guest from outside the state during its annual Rajyotsava this year.  Chief Minister Raman Singh had invited Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the chief guest, but he is unable to attend due to his busy schedule.
The Rajyotsava, held through the first week of November every year, has been the showcase event of the Raman Singh government and has been attended by senior BJP leaders including Atal Bihari Vajpayee and L K Advani. Other than BJP CMs, Presidents such as Pranab Mukherjee and A P J Abdul Kalam have attended the event in the past.
This year, the government wanted Modi and over a-month-ago the Chhattisgarh cabinet passed a resolution that it would invite the PM as the chief guest for the event to be held from November 1-3. Subsequently, the state government sent a formal invitation and a stopover was also planned in Dantewada.
Orders were issued to the Bastar administration and the police was busy making extensive security arrangements for the PM’s visit to the Maoist-hit district. However, days before, the PMO declined and sent a Speed Post greeting addressed to the people of the state.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Singh said: “The state government had invited Prime Minister for the inaugural ceremony. Prime Minister, due to his earlier commitments, is unable to make it to the Foundation Day but has assured us of his visit to Chhattisgarh in coming days.”
About the absence of other BJP leaders, he said: “The state had invited only the Prime Minister for this year’s function.”

Estonia Citizen Extradited to NYC in Cyber CaseThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Preventing infection in hospitalspreventing infection in hospitals
Inside billionaire Joe Grendys  chicken empire1
"Back in 2012, there was a big drought," Buckert said. "Corn, I want to say, it had moved about $2 higher in probably four weeks, and it made a huge impact into the swing of our profitability. It hadn't rained in a long time, and we had just come off a major acquisition. And Joe says, 'What are we going to do if corn goes to $10?' And I said, 'Well, I know what I'm going to do. I'm going to go back (to Southern Illinois) and start farming with my dad.' He just busted out laughing."
Buckert said Koch needs 1.5 million bushels of corn and 14,000 tons of soybean meal per week to feed its chickens.
"To put it in perspective, 1.5 million bushels of corn, there are a thousand bushels on a semi-truck load, so we would use 1,500 of those trucks a week," he added. "This is where the scale of the business gets really big."
Buckert had to grab his calculator to explain why the company doesn't grow its own feed. After punching in a few numbers, he concluded Koch would need to own 1 million acres of corn to feed its chickens. And land in Central Illinois is going for $10,000 an acre, Buckert said. So $10 billion would be needed for land purchases alone.
"You'd need lots and lots of money" to control the whole supply chain, Buckert explained.
Fred Koch started Koch Meat Co. in 1973, supplying chicken to Chicago area restaurants. It remained a small, family-run company with a one-room deboning operation until 1984, when Grendys graduated from Loyola University and joined the business full-time.
"I'd do everything but the deboning," Grendys said.
He was lured with an offer of 50 percent equity and, in his first year, he did $400,000 in sales with four employees, including him and Koch. Grendys bought out Koch's interest in the company in 1992, eight years after college graduation.
Grendys, whose grandparents emigrated from Poland, began working for Koch while a student at Holy Cross High School in River Grove.
"My dad was a butcher by trade, but he was in the wholesale meat business and the retail meat business," Grendys said. "Mr. Koch was a customer of my dad's in the wholesale meat business."
The company made its first acquisition, of Aspen Foods in the Fulton Market area, in 1995 and continued buying competitors.
"We produce eggs," Grendys said. "We take the eggs to our hatcheries. We hatch the baby chickens and, at 1 day old, we take them out to contract farmers, and the contract farmers provide the husbandry to grow those chickens to the size we need for a particular facility for a particular product."
He said he worries about food safety all of the time. One way he minimizes risk is by only growing and processing chickens in the United States and exporting frozen products globally.
"I'm not going to say never, but I don't think I would process outside of the United States in the current situation," he said. "There have been a lot of challenges with different industries in China. It hasn't just been the food industry. And you wonder, if these big corporations, if these multinationals, can't keep it straight, how am I going to do it? I don't want to be bigger than I think I can handle."
And then there is the issue of labor. Koch's Fairfield, Ohio, plant was raided by U.S. immigration agents in 2007; 161 people living in the country illegally were arrested. According to Ohio news reports, Koch paid a $536,046 fine for violating immigration laws in February 2010. Grendys said that, under the terms of the settlement, he could not comment on the case.
Employee turnover is a persistent problem for Koch and the industry.
"Labor is becoming more and more of a challenge," Grendys said. "The industry needs to constantly look at ways to reinvent itself, to automate more and more and more," he said.
I asked him to tell me something he wanted that he wasn't able to buy. I meant it as a question about his personal fulfillment and happiness — but he replied that he wanted to buy more chicken businesses and lamented that they're too expensive.
"The value is in the business," he said. "Yeah, I have some liquidity. I'm not going to say I don't. But the value is in the continued growth and success of Koch Foods. If Koch Foods becomes nonvaluable, well, you know what happens."

What Oil Is Telling Youreddit
Since its recent peak at the end of June, the price of oil has dropped more than 20 percent. As a consequence, the S&P 500 Energy index has suffered a decline of about 15 percent over the same time frame (compared to a small increase for the overall index). The drop in oil (and corresponding drop in energy stocks) is causing much consternation throughout the investment world because it is inconsistent with the narrative articulated by most economists. Large decreases in the price of oil are normally a sign that economic growth is slowing. But most economists continue to forecast a steadily improving domestic economy, with minor headwinds caused by a stagnant Europe and a slowing China. Rather than economic weakness, economists have blamed oil's drop on the recent strength in the US dollar as well as a large outward shift in the supply curve owing to the boom in US shale production.
The dramatic increase in domestic production is undoubtedly part of the story.  According to an article in the Wall Street Journal this week, ("Wall Street Reins in Bullish Calls on Oil," by Nicole Friedman), "In September, domestic crude-oil production averaged 8.7 million barrels a day, a 28-year high." The surge in domestic production has moved the US closer to the day of complete energy independence. Optimists hope that energy independence will allow us to disengage from ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and elsewhere, potentially saving the taxpayer trillions of dollars.
Likewise, the rise in the US dollar is responsible for some of the drop in oil. Because oil (and many other commodities) is traded in dollars, a strengthening US dollar is usually accompanied by a drop in the price of oil. We need to be careful to acknowledge, however, that the strength in the US dollar is a response to economic deterioration in other parts of the world. Investment dollars generally flow to countries offering relative high growth and economic opportunity. But just because the US appears relatively strong does not necessarily mean that domestic growth expectations have improved. The strength in the dollar could simply reflect the fact that conditions are that much worse overseas.
For my part, I believe that the drop in oil is (also) a harbinger of a wider economic slowdown. The drop in oil goes beyond the spike in domestic supply and the strength in the dollar. I believe this because the magnitude of the decline is more consistent with what we would see in periods of economic weakness. This is especially true if one considers the many geopolitical risk factors that, in normal times, would support higher oil prices. And while increased domestic supply could potentially make up for lost production in Russia and the Middle East, the transition would take time.  There is simply no premium in oil right now for potential near-term supply disruptions.  And finally, the action in the bond markets supports the slowdown thesis.  Bond investors appear more concerned with the threat of global deflation than with some sudden growth-induced spike in inflation.
The good news is that oil's drop, in and of itself, is a stabilizing mechanism for the global economy.  The lowest US gas prices in four years will result in hundreds of dollars in annual savings for the American consumer.  Importantly, these savings disproportionately affect those in most need -- the middle class, who will be more inclined to spend the savings elsewhere.  Given our view that the middle class has really not participated in this economic recovery nearly to the extent that wealthier folks have, lower energy prices could be the spark for an accelerated economic recovery.
But there is also a downside to the drop in oil as it relates to the domestic economy.  A study by The Perryman Group (as reported on Rigzone.com) says that the energy renaissance in the US is now contributing about $1.2 trillion annually to GDP (about 7 percent of the current run rate in annual GDP). The same study says that the US energy industry is creating US jobs in droves. "Since the start of the economic recovery, the energy industry has contributed about 30 percent of the total job growth for the nation," said Dr. Ray Perryman, president & CEO of The Perryman Group. By the end of the year, if not already, the US is expected to be the world's largest crude oil producer.  Given the energy sector's large contribution to growth and jobs, there is a point at which the drop in oil prices is no longer constructive. At some level of oil prices, it becomes uneconomical for high-cost shale producers to continue pumping. Indeed, some have speculated that the Saudis are maintaining their pace of production as prices fall in order to force higher-cost producers, such as the shale producers in North America, to cancel projects. And as projects get cancelled, so will the jobs and ancillary economic benefits associated with those projects.
In summary, the drop in oil is likely attributable to a number of factors. In our view, at least some of the drop should be viewed as a canary in the coal mine with regards to future economic growth.  And while lower gas prices should act as an economic stabilizer, a continued drop in energy prices could imperil the US energy renaissance, which has created new jobs and added greatly to economic activity. With regard to investments in energy stocks, it may make sense to add to positions following such poor relative performance. However, doing so will require an ability to withstand significant volatility as the aforementioned trends play out.  But before getting too gloomy on the sector, be sure to remember that future global economic growth will undoubtedly lead to increased energy consumption over the long run.
Follow Michael Farr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Michael_K_Farr
More:
Investing Investment Investors Bonds Treasury Bonds Municipal Bonds The Fed Federal Budget 2014 Fed Vix State of the Union Republicans Democrats Quantitative Easing Tapering Fed Taper Fed Tapering Unemployment Unemployment Labor Market Congress Stock Market Private Equity Equity Sotu 2014 Barack Obama Stimulus Package Economic Recovery Economics Politics Business News Business Careers
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

GAIL Q2 profit up 42% at Rs 1 303 croreGAIL Q2 profit up 42% at Rs 1 303 crore
http://usat.ly/1G3bdVCFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs U.S. stocks are jumping Friday, topping their recent highs and erasing the losses from the early-October swoon, as investors cheered a move by the Bank of Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs
Video Keywords the Fed stock market S&P Dallas America's
There’s an old saying that the more things change, the more they stay the same; that’s exactly the case on Wall Street now that the Federal Reserve has finally stuck a fork in its stock-friendly stimulus program, known as QE. Video by Jason Allen Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  There's an old saying that the more things change the
00:02  more they stay the same. That's exactly the case on Wall
00:05  Street now that the fellow reserve has finally stuck to work
00:07  its stock for only stimulus program north QB. Hi I'm David
00:12  Craig and this is America's markets. Back in September of defense
00:20  or to lose on track and its bond buying program known
00:23  as quantitative easing. And sure enough on Wednesday the Fed senators
00:26  doing exactly. The various phases of Q we have been credited
00:30  would be a big driver for Wall Street's powerful Stockwell the
00:32  past four years. Pick your rug like that out when or
00:35  if the stock market would obviously have a big effect right.
00:38  Partly. On September 17 the day the Fed's last meeting ended
00:43  the Dodgers industrials closed at 7157. Which was not a record.
00:47  Following the Fed's announcement this week that was did and impunity
00:51  the Dallas forty points above that level or just half percent
00:54  from your hard. Granted a lot of happened when the market
00:57  retriever you're fed millions and that's just a bad memory now.
01:00  It's what we read into this just that all the concern
01:03  though Wall Street being able to wean itself off the steady
01:05  stream additional joy juice from the Fed. Has so far proved
01:09  groundless you can make your case the conditions are good for
01:12  stock investors get back to business as usual and focus on
01:15  the fundamentals. And speaking out fundamentals the news on earnings front
01:18  might be helping these Anhui withdrawal parents. They also expect S&P
01:22  five hundreds of square can be up nearly 9% from the
01:25  year ago. According to Thomson Reuters and Merrill more than halfway
01:28  through the earnings season three quarters of companies are doing even
01:31  better than expected.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:50 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Two benchmark stock indexes closed at record highs Friday, on the last trading day of a month that was a roller coaster ride for investors.
Driving the rally: Huge and surprising moves by Japan to add more stimulus to its ailing economy. Japan's Nikkei 225 took a super-sized 4.8% leap, starting a global stocks rally that ended on Wall Street with strong market gains.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 195.10 points, 1.1%, to 17,390.52 -- its highest close since Aug. 19, when it finished at 17,279.74. The Standard & Poor's 500 added 23.40 points, 1.2%, to close at 2018.05 -- its highest close since Aug. 18, when it finished at 2011.36. And the Nasdaq composite index ended at a 14 1/2-year high, gaining 64.60 points, 1.4%, to close at 4630.74.
The tech-packed Nasdaq climbed as high as 4641.51 in early trading -- its highest level in more than 14 years -- before retreating a tad. At its peak, the Nasdaq was at its highest level since March 29, 2000.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note ended 2.33%, up from 2.31% Thursday. And the price of crude oil keeps falling. On Friday, it lost another 54 cents to end at $80.58 a barrel.
Exxon 3Q profits up on refining boost
Japan markets were catapulted higher on a double dose of good news.
The country's central bank announced it will boost asset purchases in an effort to jump-start its lagging economy and try to boost inflation, which is dangerously low. Also, Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) surprised markets by announcing a major shift in where it will invest its assets, which total nearly 127 trillion yen -- about $1.1 trillion -- according to Citibank. The GPIF said it was making a major shift in its investment strategy and plans to substantially boost its investments in higher-risk assets, such as stocks.
In what amounts to a massive easing in monetary policy by Japan in its fight to stave off deflation, the Japanese central bank upped the amount of money it is pumping into the system. The announcement, which caught investors by surprise, also included new and more aggressive asset purchases.
The Bank of Japan said it would boost its purchases of domestic government bonds, buy more long-term bonds, as well as exchange traded funds that track Japan's benchmark stock index and real estate investment trusts.
"The Bank of Japan surprised markets," Barclays told clients in a report.
The floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Theodorakis, Getty Images)
The GPIF announced that it plans to double its investments in both Japanese stocks and foreign stocks, boosting the share of the fund's investment pie for each asset class to 25% from 12%. At the same time, it slashed its target for domestic Japanese bonds to 35% from 60%.
The move by the GPIF is bullish for stocks as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The Nikkei ended up gaining a whopping 755.56 points. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index rose 1.3%. The Shanghai composite gained 1.2%.
European benchmarks also ended higher Friday, with France's CAC 40 adding 2.2%, Germany's DAX 30 index up 2.1% and Britain's FTSE 100 up 1%.
12 hideous ways to lose money in October, from @mattkrantz http://t.co/prXVjrJqcT Photo: @GettyImages pic.twitter.com/ZeetJDwyJl
467 CONNECT 249 TWEET 26 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tHuCWP
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Govt strengthening cyber crime prevention strategy  saysRajnathRajnath Singh pays tribute to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in Hyderabad on Friday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:09 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 3:14 am
The Home Ministry is taking all necessary steps for the prevention of cyber crime and will soon further strengthen the cyber crime prevention strategy, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Friday.
He was speaking at a passing out day parade for trainee officers of the Indian Police Service at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy in Hyderabad.
It is not necessary for the cyber criminal to reside in your town or country, this act that can be committed from any corner of the world. It can hit anyone, anywhere anytime, he said.
He also recalled the achievements of the country’s first home minister, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. “Single-handedly he achieved the merger of 562 princely states into the Indian Union with minimum violence and maximum willingness,” he said. “The merger of princely states like Junagadh and Hyderabad are inspiring… It is for this reason that our government has decided to observe this day as ‘National Unity Day’’’, he added.
The Home Minister stressed that the role of the police has to be changed in accordance with the changing times. “The police are the most visible representatives of the state and they are the most meaningful media of change in society”, he said. “Police stations should be temples of justice…I believe that a police official should be experimental with new practices,” he added.

Modi to meet central govt secretariestodayPrint
In the June meeting — the first held by a PM with his top officials in eight years — he had assured secretaries of full support in administrative decisions. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:06 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 3:09 am
FOR the second time in four months, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet all secretaries of the central government at 7 Race Course Road Saturday. The last such meeting was held on June 4 when he had met 77 secretaries. In that meeting, among other things, he had asked them to identify obsolete rules to streamline governance.
In the June meeting — the first held by a PM with his top officials in eight years — he had assured secretaries of full support in administrative decisions and had said such meetings would happen on a regular basis. He had also asked secretaries to contact him directly with ideas about improving the governance structure. Subsequently, the Cabinet Secretariat had sent a missive to ministries asking them to identify obsolete laws.
Since June, the PM has also met smaller groups of secretaries for presentations on their respective sectors for eg health and department of pharmaceuticals were grouped together, as were ministries related to finance and energy sectors. However, not all departments have been covered yet. There have also been several reshuffles in the interim, the latest being two days back when transfer of Arvind Mayaram, Secretary Department of Economic Affairs, first to the Ministry of Tourism and then within days to the Ministry of Minority Affairs.

HC orders closure of school where boy was kept inkennelPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:01 am
THE Kerala High Court Friday ordered the closure of an unaided private English medium school in Thiruvananthapuram, which was facing charges of locking a UKG student in a dog kennel as punishment.
On September 29, Jawahar English Medium School faced a complaint from a parent that his son was locked up in the kennel for three hours as punishment for talking.
The Kerala Police had arrested the school headmistress Sashikala. The student’s class teacher Deepika, also facing charges, was not arrested.
The school has been functioning in a premises attached to a rented house for several years. Subsequent to the complaint and arrest of the headmistress, the education department ordered the closure of the school where 120-odd students were studying.
But the parents of other students wanted the school be opened and sought a detailed probe. The school management had also alleged foul play in the complaint, saying that the allegation was part of a bid to destroy the school. Adding curiosity to the issue, another private school volunteered to absorb all students. The school management and the arrested principal sought a CBI probe into the alleged conspiracy.
Although the education department wanted closure of the school, CM Oommen Chandy said that the issue should not spoil the education of other students. The Parents Teachers Association also petitioned the CM seeking the school be reopened.
Subsequently, the school was opened, but the parents of the child who was allegedly locked up in the kennel, moved the High Court demanding the school be shut down. The HC on Friday ordered closure on the ground that it did not have necessary infrastructure.

Painted faces at US parks need painstakingremovalThis undated photo taken from an Instagram posting shows an overlook of Crater Lake in Oregon with a rock painting.
By: Associated Press | Salt Lake City | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:52 am
A series of graffiti-like paintings on rocks in US National Parks across the West set off a furor on social media this month, angering people who say they desecrated some of the nation’s most famously picturesque landscapes. They’ve also created a headache for park managers who have the delicate task of cleaning up the sites without causing further damage.
It won’t be easy to get rid of the paintings, which were posted on Instagram and Tumblr and then picked up by hiking blogs. Sandblasting and some chemical strippers can cause even more damage to irreplaceable natural features, especially if graffiti is near ancient rock art.
In some cases, workers use plastic kitchen spatulas to painstakingly scrape off paint. Workers test different strippers to figure out which will loosen the material without damaging rock, then rinse it off with lots of low-pressure hot water, gently scraping each layer away with the spatula, said National Parks spokesman Jason Olson.
“They will repeat that as often as it takes until they remove all the paint or until they can’t remove any more,” he said. He said Friday he didn’t know how much it might cost to go remove the paint in eight parks across California, Colorado, Utah and Oregon. One colorful painting of a woman with blue hair at Crater Lake National Park is already covered in ice and snow and workers might not be able to reach it until next summer.
Casey Nocket, the 21-year-old suspect identified by the park service this week, allegedly used acrylic paint and signed with the handle “creepytings.” Attempts to reach Nocket were unsuccessful.
The case became the subject of widespread social media outrage from people reacting to paintings inserted into the landscape and documented as an apparent artistic expression.
The National Park Service said this week they’ve found paintings in Yosemite, Death Valley and Joshua Tree in California; Crater Lake in Oregon; Zion National Park and Canyonlands in Utah; and Rocky Mountain in Colorado, where Colorado National Monument was also tagged.
Zion National Park is home to red-rock bluffs, sweeping canyons – and now a backpack-sized drawing of a woman smoking on a rock near a trail named for emerald-colored pools of water.
It’s not the first time rangers have had to clean up, though paint is an unusual choice for vandals there.
Supervisory ranger Ray O’Neil said minor graffiti is scratched onto rock every day. Rangers carry nylon bristle brushes and water to brush it off as they see it.
At Joshua Tree in California, the park service has graffiti they think is from Nocket to deal with, and also a project to clean up the historic Barker Dam, which is nearly covered with scratched-on graffiti.
“Even though people know they shouldn’t do it, as soon continued…

Breaking down news: HandsupPrint
Written by Pratik Kanjilal | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:48 am
The pillorying of BJP spokesman Sambit Patra has begun. Remembering him on counting day, after the general election? “Our loin is roaring everywhere while their loin is skulking.” Times have changed. Now, the loin of Times Now is roaring over the government’s failure to bring back black money from the vaults under Zurich’s streets. “Terrible, terrible,” chided Arnab Goswami.
“Arnab, don’t question the intention of the government,” warned Patra.
“Why not, is it banned, censored?”
“I’m telling you why not, if you allow me…”
“Already, Gaurav Bhatia (of the SP) wants to rebut.”
“What does he want to rebut when I haven’t completed a simple sentence?”
“He raised his hand. It’s OK, don’t get upset,” said Goswami. And then, as Patra spluttered, he rubbed it in: “Mr Patra, one second — one of the more obvious ways of saying that you are on the defensive is to speak over everybody else so that you provide this constant audio…” It sounded dreadfully autobiographical.
The instant caffeinated nature of television news confused the black money issue somewhat. What exactly does “sharing” mean? Almost all channels took it to mean wide dissemination, like sticking it on Pastebin. And neither Goswami nor his viewer could understand why sharing with the Supreme Court was problematic but sharing with its SIT was not. In the midst of the din, Barkha Dutt snagged a surprise exclusive with Justices Shah and Pasayat of the SIT declared that the investigation would get to the bottom of everything, wherever it was. But when? These things go on forever.
“Rajnath rap gets top cop moving”, read the rocking headline in the print partner of Headlines Today, to go with a story about the home minister that its group and CNN-IBN played up. But it wasn’t about the police failures which led to the situation in Delhi’s Trilokpuri, which marked 30 years of its tryst with communal riots with the first serious bout of violence since the anti-Sikh riots. The Delhi Police report to the central home ministry, and Rajnath Singh could have been suitably outraged. But no, he had hauled up Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi for presiding over a filthy police HQ littered with dilapidated cars seized in remote antiquity. Really, in comparison to the sparkling new Swachh Bharat, non-violence looks so 20th century.
After the shakeups earlier this year, news television is rebranding itself. The relatively new Live India has its most visible faces do this soap-like head-turn and gaze into the camera, along with soap-like effects possibly sampled off SoundCloud. Everybody’s been there and done that, right from the days when NDTV discovered that people watch anchors, not TV. All that remains is to tinker with the exact slowness of the slo-mo. But IBN7 has gone beyond that meridian to sell the diversity of voices it offers through a network of 2,000 reporters on the ground. They may have counted hundreds of innocent bystanders. Honest mistake.
Meanwhile, the guys in ties on the business channels can’t get over the incredible rise of D-Street (no, that isn’t D-Company’s address) continued…

Patel vs Indira: NDA makes its point  Cong holds itspunchesPrint
Congress president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi at Shakti Sthal on Friday.
Written by Liz Mathew , Manoj C G | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:46 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:12 am
The gloves were finally off Friday, but just. As Prime Minister Narendra Modi sought to dwarf the memory of Indira Gandhi by celebrating the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in a big way eclipsing her assassination remembrance day, the Congress fumed but its predicament was all too visible. For, Modi had managed to pit the legacy of one of its icons against the other, much to its chagrin.
Congress leaders recalled that former prime minister A B Vajpayee used to visit Shakti Sthal — the memorial of Indira Gandhi — to pay tributes. But Modi is not Vajpayee. His remembrance of Indira was confined to a tweet he sent out early in the morning. Around the same time, scores of Congress leaders lined up at Shakti Sthal and 1, Safdarjung Road to pay ritualistic tributes to Indira.
President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice-President Hamid Ansari were in attendance so were Sonia Gandhi and Rahul. “I join my fellow countrymen & women in remembering former PM Smt. Indira Gandhi on her Punya Tithi,” Modi tweeted and soon flagged off a marathon to mark Patel’s birth anniversary as a day of unity. October 31 remained a day of the prominence in the government’s calendar, but the reason has changed.
PM Narendra Modi flagging off Run for Unity at the Rajpath on the occasion of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s birth anniversary in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Finding itself in a piquant situation, the Congress had refused to get provoked. It had cited a  2012 Sonia Gandhi letter to the UPA government asking it to officially observe or celebrate the anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi alone. Its argument — the Prime Minister was walking in the direction shown by Sonia Gandhi. But anger was simmering and  some of the leaders vent out their indignation. The BJP, however, said it was just trying to bring back the focus on Patel, India’s first Home Minister, as a man of unity.
By giving prominence to Patel over Indira, Modi sought to reduce the late prime minister into a Congress leader. For it was only the Congress party which was left marking her death anniversary. But Modi remembered Gandhi raking up the 1984 anti-Sikh riots. “It is unfortunate that on the birth anniversary of the man who dedicated his life in uniting the country, a tragic incident took place 30 years ago that shook the country and left it deeply scarred,” he said.
“It is petty minded, it is partisan and disrespectful to those who gave their lives to their country, particularly Indira Gandhi who gave hers for continued…

Experts: Rocket Blast a Setback to Space TourismThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

3 Investors  shopping & selling lists3 investors  shopping & selling lists
Wall Street caps a wild month with a rallyWall Street caps a wild month with a rally
Income equality Check your facts50
"I think one of our goals with this research is to say, 'Democrats say some things about income inequality, and Republicans say other things about income inequality, and they're arguing about what should be the cap on CEO pay or what should the minimum wage be. You shouldn't be having these arguments until you really know what CEOs make or what unskilled workers make. You need to start at what the state of the world really is before you say you like it or dislike it,'" Norton said.
Now there's a novel concept: Actually look at the facts before declaring something just or unjust. You would think from the political debates and the media representations that concern over the pay gap is strictly a liberal talking point. This study shows that assumption is false, to a rather high degree.
It concludes that "in contrast to a belief that only the poor and members of left-wing political parties desire greater income equality — people all over the world, and from all walks of life, would prefer smaller pay gaps between the rich and poor."
So the question is, what can we do? Wait for frustration to reach a pitchfork-wielding peak?
I don't recommend that. Norton's advice is to let this data be a jumping-off point for a more honest and informed conversation about pay inequity here and around the world.
This is not an issue that's going away, and companies, I believe, would be wise to start considering how to level the playing field.
Imagine a CEO who took an offer of $10 million a year and said, "No. Pay me half that and reinvest the rest in the company."
Even if that didn't result in increased wages for workers, it would almost certainly boost morale, increase loyalty and quite possibly boost productivity. And that CEO would still be making $5 million a year! Good grief, how much more do people really need?
I'm not saying altruistic acts are the answer. That's just a hypothetical to point out the absurdity of these pay disparities.
Capping CEO salaries would undoubtedly raise hackles, and raising the minimum wage has proved to be a polarizing concept. But if we can look at the data and acknowledge the universality of opinions that our compensation system is out of whack, we have to admit that something has to change.
I don't know what that change will be. But it starts when people set aside ideological absolutes and face up to a reality that is actually real.
TALK TO REX: Ask workplace questions — anonymously or by name — and share stories with Rex Huppke at IJustWorkHere@tribune.com , follow him on Twitter via @RexWorksHere and find more at chicagotribune.com/ijustworkhere.

Gambhir  Sehwag face solid competition from RahulMore
One step at a time, says Rahul
Karnataka opener KL Rahul doesn't want to put pressure on himself by thinking about third opener's slot for Australia tour.
By Baidurjo Bhose | Mail Today –  Fri 31 Oct, 2014 12:15 PM IST
0
Rahul one of the prime contenders to book a ticket to Australia.
New Delhi: With the tour Down Under less than a month away, one of the key decisions confronting the national selectors is the identity of the third specialist opener for the gruelling four-Test series.
While Shikhar Dhawan and Murali Vijay almost certain to be picked, the reserve opener’s slot is up for grabs.
Rahul 168* hands South Zone lead
Gautam Gambhir was picked for the tour of England, but was a big disappointment when he got his opportunity. Even Virender Sehwag looks a mere shadow of his old self, and has not played for India for a long time now.
This makes Karnataka opener KL Rahul one of the prime contenders to book a ticket to Australia.
With 1,033 runs in 10 games — including three centuries — in last season’s Ranji Trophy, Rahul showed he feels at home at the top of the order.
And now a century in the final of the Duleep Trophy against Central Zone — an attack comprising India pacers Pankaj Singh and Ishwar Pandey as well as leg-spinner Piyush Chawla — shows he is not fazed by the big occasion.
Rahul said while he would definitely love playing for India, he doesn’t want to put undue pressure on himself by thinking on those lines. He rather wants to enjoy his game.
“I will be very happy if that happens — selection for the Australia tour — but it will be too early for me to start thinking about it. The moment I start thinking of such things, I start putting pressure on myself,” Rahul told Mail Today.
“And I am enjoying my game at the moment and am looking at continuing in the same vein. I have worked a lot on my batting with coach Samuel Jayaraj in the off season and it feels good to start the season with a big hundred. I am feeling in good touch and hopefully will keep getting runs,” he said.
For the moment, Rahul wants to register his first double hundred in first-class cricket, a feat that has eluded him so far. Having enjoyed scoring hundreds in his first few domestic seasons, he now wants to go on and score daddy tons.
“I don’t have a double hundred in first-class cricket, so I want to push for that tomorrow. I used to feel happy after getting a century or a 150 when I started playing for the state a couple of years ago. But now having been at this level for a while and with people talking about me getting to the next level, I need to make the switch and start converting those knocks into bigger hundreds. I hope to imbibe this quality in my game. I just want to stay in the middle and get as many runs as I can,” he stated.
While most Indian batsmen seem to be wary of the short ball, Rahul looks a natural while countering it.
“I have played a lot on matting wickets and a lot of tennis ball cricket during my formative years. Also, during the off season I try different things like playing with wet balls or synthetic balls or ask someone to throw at me from 11 yards to adjust to the reduced reaction time. This is how one learns to combat pace and bounce against quality bowler, and not feel out of place,” the 22-year-old batsman said giving a peek into his preparatory regime.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

JSW Energy Q2 profit zooms 96% to Rs 318.63 ...JSW Energy Q2 profit zooms 96% to Rs 318.63 crore
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 01.19PM IST
Tags:
earnings
(JSW Energy has diversified…)
NEW DELHI: JSW Energy today reported 96 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 318.63 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15, mainly due to increased power generation at its plants.
It had posted net profit of Rs 162.59 crore for the July- September quarter of 2013-14.
The total income for Q2, 2014-15 increased from Rs 2,079.56 crore to Rs 2,372.28 crore in the year-ago period.
"During the quarter, the company achieved a net generation of 5,236 million units with the average deemed PLF (plant load factor) of 87 per cent. The PLF has improved primarily due to pick up in demand in the quarter," JSW Energy said in a statement.
The merchant (power) sales in Q2 were at 1,947 million units, while the sales under long term PPA (power purchase agreement) were 3,289 MUs.
The fuel cost for the quarter was Rs 1,224 crore, higher by 19 per cent compared to a year ago primarily due to increased generation which was partly offset by lower coal prices.
The company said its 240 MW Kuther hydro-electric power project in Himachal Pradesh and the expansion of its Barmer Lignite Mining company are on track.
JSW Energy has diversified interests in power, mining, industrial gases, port facilities, aluminium, cement and information technology.
It has an operational capacity of 3,140 MW. JSW Energy's scrip remained unchanged from its previous close at Rs 80.25 on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

World Bank to cut 500 jobs; create new posts...World Bank to cut 500 jobs globally; create new posts in India
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 10.05PM IST
Tags:
India
(World Bank plans to slash…)
WASHINGTON: World Bank plans to slash 500 jobs in the next three years globally, even as it looks to create up to 300 new positions in India to meet business needs.
The global lender's decision to trim 500 jobs and cancel about 70 existing open vacancies comes after reviewing its "business strategies" for months.
In an internal memo, World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said some important strategic decisions have been taken regarding staff working for Institutional, Governance and Administrative units (IG&As).
"After several months of analysis that examined our business direction and priorities in the respective IG&As, we decided on a net reduction of around 250 positions for these units," Kim said in the memo obtained by PTI.
Even as it embarks on trimming its workforce, World Bank expects to create about 250 to 300 new positions, mostly in Chennai, India.
"At the same time, preliminary estimates show 250 to 300 new positions will need to be created, with a large share in Chennai, to meet business needs," Kim said in the memo.
The World Bank Group has a significant presence in India. According to the memo, IG&As expect to reduce around 500 positions over the period FY 2015 to end FY17, through attrition, redeployment, and redundancies.
World Bank's financial year is from July-June period. The job cuts would be spread across Finance and Technology, Internal Justice and Oversight, among other areas.
Besides, around 70 positions -- that are currently open vacancies -- would be cancelled.
"Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver," the memo said.
Explaining the rationale behind the move, Kim said these staff decisions based on three principles -- clarity, impartiality, and sensitivity.
"For staffing decisions, we must have a business rationale that is clearly articulated; we must ensure there are no favourites, no discrimination, and no retaliation," he said.
Emphasising the need to ensure that all career transitions are as smooth and considerate as possible, the World Bank chief said a Transition Support Unit has been set up.
"Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver," Kim said.
Next steps related to the expenditure review and strategic staffing in operations would be unveiled next week.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  ATM use over 5 times/month will attract...Starting tomorrow, ATM use over 5 times per month will attract fee of Rs 20 per transaction
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 07.16PM IST
Tags:
ATM
(Using ATMs to withdraw money…)
NEW DELHI: Using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a levy of Rs 20 per transaction from tomorrow.
As per the Reserve Bank's new guidelines that comes into force from tomorrow, bank customers in six metros-- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore-- are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs 20 per use.
Besides, the number of free transactions at ATMs (Automated Teller Machines) of non-home banks has been cut to three times a month from five times.
"Taking into account the high density of ATMs, bank branches and alternate modes of payment available to customers, the number of mandatory free ATM transactions for savings bank account customers at other banks' ATMs is reduced from the present 5 to 3 transactions per month (inclusive of both financial and non-financial transactions)," RBI had said in a notification issued in August this year.
The RBI, however, clarified that nothing precludes a bank from offering more than three free transactions at other bank ATMs to its account holders if it so desires.
The cap in the number of free ATM transactions will not apply on small/no-frills or basic savings bank deposit account holders who will continue to enjoy five free transactions.
At places other than the six metro centres, the facility of five free transactions for savings bank account customers will remain unchanged upon using other bank ATMs.
India has a total of 1.6 lakh bank ATMs across the country as of March 2014.
The new guidelines were issued in pursuance of a representation made to the RBI by Indian Banks' Association on the back of growing cost of ATM deployment and maintenance incurred by banks as well as rising interchange outgo due to free transactions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

1 196% gain in 10 months! Here s howEMAIL
iStockphoto, Getty Images Thinkstock
Investors who got greedy while others were terrified this year — especially during October — are counting their riches now.
CareFusion (CFN) , a medical technology company, just delivered a monthly gain of 27.6% — making it the best-performing stock in the Standard & Poor’s 500 in October. Had you owned this stock and all the other best stocks of each month of the year, you’d be looking at an impressive 1,196% gain in 10 months. Not bad.
To put this another way, had you invested $10,000 in January in the best stock of the month, Harman International (HAR) , and shifted each month to the best stock, you would be sitting on $129,632.68 now.
This cannot be stressed enough: Clearly choosing the best stock of each month is unrealistic and impossible (unless you’re strangely lucky). But looking at the best stocks of each month shows where investors were shifting their money as they adjusted to the market’s constantly changing trends. Above all, though, it’s a reminder of how bailing out of the market — especially when it’s looking scary — can be costly.
The month of October shaped up to be a decent period for stocks, with the S&P 500 rising 2.1%. That beats the 1.6% decline in September and is the best month since gaining 3.8% in August.
But clearly — picking the best stocks has hyper-charged returns.
CareFusion’s massive October gain was another example of one of the best ways to make money this year: Getting a company bought. The company, which makes a variety of medical devices, agreed to be bought by Becton, Dickinson (BDX) for $12.2 billion or $58 a share. Not surprisingly, the stock shot up 23% on the news.
The best monthly performance for any stock this year still belongs to Monster Beverage (MNST), which gained 38.2% in the month of August.
October might have scared investors during the month. But it’s just another example of why other peoples’ fear can actually be very profitable.
BEST STOCKS IN THE S&P 500 EACH MONTH THIS YEAR
Company

Remembering Ben BradleeFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

The Diary: Martin Wolf hits book circuit© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94d4d930-5e7f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil falls for fourth month  longest slump si...Oil falls for fourth month, longest slump since 2008
By Reuters | 1 Nov, 2014, 01.20AM IST
0
Share More
US crude briefly dipped below $80 a barrel before paring losses later in the day as short sellers closed their books for the month and took profits.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Oil's losing streak continued for the fourth consecutive month on Friday, with prices tumbling as another round of monetary stimulus from Japan pumped up the U.S. dollar and pounded a crude market already suffering from robust supply.
US crude briefly dipped below $80 a barrel before paring losses later in the day as short sellers closed their books for the month and took profits.
Pressure came from monthly surveys showing the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries made almost no effort to curb production this month even as oil prices extended a months-long rout to four-year lows.
OPEC's output in October dipped by just 120,000 barrels per day, according to a Reuters survey published Friday. The downtick was led by Angola and Nigeria, with overall OPEC production still hovering 720,000 barrels per day above its 30 million barrels a day target.
U.S. and Brent crude fell by almost a dollar to put them both on pace for the steepest monthly decline since May 2012.
The last time either benchmark fell for four straight months began in July 2008.Brent slumped for six months until December 2008, and U.S. crude failed to rebound until January 2009.
December Brent settled down 38 cents for the day at $85.86, cementing a monthly loss of 9 percent. U.S. crude was down 58 cents at $80.54 per barrel, having lost 11.6 percent this month.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said on Wednesday the cartel's output was unlikely to change in 2015 and that he was not concerned about falling prices, echoing the views from several of the group's core Gulf members.
There will be "tough discussions" at OPEC's next meeting in late November but the cartel is unlikely to alter its official quota of 30 million barrels a day, Hans van Cleef, senior energy economist at ABN AMRO in Amsterdam, told the Reuters Global Oil Forum.
The Bank of Japan surprised financial markets on Friday by expanding its stimulus program, boosting Japanese equities but raising concerns about the economic health of the oil importer.
"It's a big shot of stimulus, you see Japan basically doubling down on quantitative easing at a time when the U.S. is getting out of the Q.E. business," said Phil Flynn of the Price Futures Group. "What better time to have an impact in the market, to have a big shock value in the system?"
The decision also put pressure on the yen, contributing to the strength of the dollar, which rose to a near seven-year peak of 112.22 yen.
The dollar rose to its highest level since June 2010 on Thursday after data showed the U.S. economy grew 3.5 percent in the third quarter, topping estimates for a 3 percent rise.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Core show a let-downCore show a let-down
Nokia plant may pass into local administration s handsNokia plant may pass into local administration s hands
Virgin spaceship crashes in US desert  pilot deadVirgin spaceship crashes in US desert  pilot dead
Mandalay Resources Corporation Provides Notice of Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results and Conference CallMandalay Resources Corporation Provides Notice of Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results and Conference Call
Eight key sectors see fastest employment growth  create directjobsAs many as 1,82,000 jobs were created in these eight sectors including textiles, IT and automobiles during April to June 2014, according to a quarterly survey by the labour ministry. Reuters
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:42 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 9:56 am
Reflecting the uptick in the economy, employment generation in the eight key sectors grew at its fastest pace in over two years during the first quarter of this fiscal, with more jobs being given to permanent category workers.
As many as 1,82,000 jobs were created in these eight sectors including textiles, IT and automobiles during April to June 2014, according to a quarterly survey by the labour ministry.
In contrast, 36,000 jobs were lost in these sectors in the quarter ended March 2014. The sharpest growth prior to this was in the quarter ended December 2011 when 2,26,000 jobs were added in these sectors.
Direct category jobs recorded a rise as opposed to contract jobs, reflecting a shift in businesses towards long-term plans. “Employment under the direct category workers has increased by 156 thousand during the period June, 2014 over March, 2014, at overall level,” the survey noted.
This is the first such reversal in six months as 60,000 direct jobs were lost in the previous quarter.
Private forecasters too have estimated an uptick in employment over the next few months based on the international trends and the domestic economy. HR consultancy Teamlease has forecast double-digit job growth in select sectors and in most cities.
“The improved macro economic conditions coupled with India Inc’s plans to ramp up capacity and enter new markets seems to be having a positive impact on the hiring sentiments,” it said in its Business and Employment Outlook for the second half of the fiscal.
Industrial activity has been slowly reviving and the economy grew at its fastest pace in two years in the first quarter of the fiscal at 5.7 per cent. The government is hopeful of the GDP growth of 5.8 per cent in 2014-15.
Meanwhile, the labour ministry survey revealed six sectors except handloom and transport saw hiring activity.
The maximum jobs (59,000) were created in textiles, followed by IT and BPO sector (51,000), and metals  (47,000). Another 7,000 jobs each were generated in leather and gems and jewellery sectors during the first quarter of the fiscal. Further, more jobs were given out in exporting units than non-exporting units during the period.
The Shimla-based Labour Bureau conducts a quarterly survey of eight employment intensive sectors including textiles including apparel, leather, metals, automobiles, gems and jewellery, transport, IT/BPO, handloom and powerloom.
The surveys were started in January 2009 to assess the impact of the global financial crisis, but have now been converted into a quarterly survey on employment.

Jaitley blames high fiscal deficit on increased taxrefundsPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:41 am
Finance minister Arun Jaitley on Friday blamed high income tax refunds for the high fiscal deficit of the Centre that touched 83 per cent of the full year target in just six months.
“Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year, there were pending tax refunds estimated around Rs 1.20 lakh crore,” he said. Data released by the Controller General of Accounts on Friday revealed that the Centre’s fiscal deficit touched Rs 4,38,826 crore or 82.6 per cent of the Budget estimate (BE) between April and September 2014.
More worryingly, the revenue deficit touched 91.2 per cent of the BE to Rs 3,45,053 crore in the half year. Revenue receipts amounted to Rs 4,232,27 crore or a third of the full year target with tax receipts Rs 3,23,191 crore or 33.1 per cent of the BE In the half year.
However Jaitley maintained that the Centre would try to meet the fiscal deficit target. “It would be challenging to achieve indirect tax aim. Direct tax target would be achievable. We would strive to achieve fiscal deficit aim for this fiscal,” he said.
The Centre has pegged its fiscal deficit at 4.1 per cent of the GDP or Rs 5,31,177 crore for 2014-15 and was hoping for some respite through the lower crude oil prices in the global markets that would translate into a lower fuel subsidy.
Total expenditure touched 48 per cent of the full year target at Rs 8,62,053 crore in the first half of the fiscal. Of this plan expenditure totalled Rs 2,46,289 crore or 42.8 per cent of the BE while non-plan expenditure crossed the half way mark to amount to Rs 6,15,764 crore. Meanwhile, addressing the Parliamentary Consultative Committee on finance, Jaitley said that the major priority of his government is to bring back growth momentum into country’s economy.

To break TFA impasse  WTO chief suggests 3scenariosPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Geneva/new Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:38 am
WITH India sticking to its tough stand at WTO, the multilateral trade body on Friday suggested three scenarios to resolve the impasse over trade facilitation agreement (TFA) and food security issues.
“We still do not have a solution to the impasse before us — the impasse that establishes a political link between the public stock-holding programmes and the TFA,” WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo told heads of delegations in Geneva.
“Scenario 1 is that we find a solution for the impasse quickly. Scenario 2 is that we continue our search for a solution to the current impasse,” he suggested.
Under the third scenario, “in the absence of a solution to the impasse”, some members have indicated an openness to look for alternatives ways to make progress, he said.

Even as demand takes a hit  office markets gainsteamPosted: November 1, 2014 3:38 am
By Shishir Baijal
With a stable government at the Centre, stakeholder sentiments have witnessed a remarkable improvement over the last few months. The first budget under the leadership of Narendra Modi offered several positive surprises for the realty sector, with special focus on housing that is expected to infuse life into the ailing sector. The change in sentiments has also been reflecting in our quarterly findings of the FICCI-Knight Frank real estate sentiment index with most stakeholders being optimistic about the near future. However, given the extreme volatility that the real estate sector has been witnessing over the last few years, it will take a while before things begin looking up.
Factors such as a slowing economic growth, rising interest rates by banks, high inflation and the weak rupee, among others, had contributed towards building a negative sentiment among home buyers that resulted in a dwindling sales volume. Cities like Mumbai and NCR have borne the brunt, with demand levels in each of them falling drastically since early 2012. Unfortunately, the trend seems to continue in 2014 as well, with the sales volume decreasing by 25 per cent and 37 per cent in Mumbai and NCR respectively, during the first six months of the year. The developer community has been taking cognisance of this, and have curtailed fresh launches since 2013.
The unabated demand-supply gap especially in the Mumbai market has created a pile-up of 2,13,742 unsold units. We estimate that it will take more than 12 quarters for the Mumbai market to exhaust this kind of unsold inventory. While the inventory two years ago was mainly on account of under-construction projects, the share of ready-possession projects is rising this time around. Opportunistic investors, including some private equity fund firms, have started to exploit this new investment avenue presented by the residential market. Going forward, the unsold inventory level is expected to reduce gradually on the back of higher demand and limited new launches.
On the other hand demand for homes in the NCR region is projected to drop by 17 per cent, from 71,400 in 2013 to 59,000 during 2014. Hence, despite an impressive recovery projected for the second half of this year, overall sales volume in 2014 is touted to be much lower than the previous year.
The roller coaster ride in demand and supply does not seem to have had any significant impact on pricing levels, as prices continue to move upwards, albeit at a slower pace. The weighted average price in Mumbai & NCR has risen by 8 per cent and 5 per cent respectively in the first 6 months of this year. The significant build-up in unsold inventory and the availability of a large number of ready-possession apartments have restricted the price growth to single digits in these cities.
The festive season too, has not brought in the expected cheer to the real estate sector, with markets reporting “not so-encouraging” sales over the past two weeks. Unlike the boom years, stakeholders this year had resisted the temptation to launch new projects continued…

New FDI norms to offer boost to smaller projects inmetrosDLF saw a growth of around 5.3 per cent and closed at Rs 124.5 while HDIL rose 8.46 per cent and closed at Rs 83.25.
Written by Siddhartha Gupta | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:35 am
The government’s decision to relax FDI norms in the construction sector comes at a time when cash-strapped realtors and construction companies were struggling for want of fund raising avenues. The move is likely to give a fillip to smaller projects in the large metros.
According to the new guidelines, the minimum floor area specification   for FDI inflows has been reduced to 20,000 square metres as opposed to 50,000 square metres and the minimum capital requirement for investment has been brought down to $5 million from $10 million. The government has also permitted repatriation of FDI or transfer of stake by one non-resident investor to another, before the completion of the project.
Industry experts claim that the eased reforms are likely to benefit smaller projects in tier-2 or tier-3 cities, with the bigger projects and firms possibly not benefitting commensurately. Smaller projects in fringe towns continue to remain untapped markets for FDI. Neeraj Bansal, head, real estate and construction sector, KPMG, said that the focus of the reforms is the smaller size projects in the metro cities, and that the $5 million reduction in minimum investment requirement not likely to be a major benefit for larger construction firms.
Bansal said that in the long run, an overall infusion of liquidity in the sector is likely to benefit it as a whole.
“The reforms would now allow foreign investors to invest in smaller projects spread over land parcels of about 3-4 acres. Additionally, the  removal of the restriction on investment in affordable housing projects, which is expected to usher development of affordable housing and slum-rehabilitation projects. In near term, we expect the policy to support housing and commercial office projects in metro cities such as Delhi and Mumbai, where project size is generally small, yet requires heavy investment, due to expensive land parcels and high construction cost,” he said.
While smaller construction firms are predicting tougher competition, the larger companies are unfazed.
Apart from the easing on investment and built-up area, the government has also eased the exit policy for the investors, allowing them to leave on completion of the project or after three years from the date of final investment, subject to development of trunk infrastructure.
Bansal says that the foreign construction firms who have already invested in the country are likely to be focusing at this point on the relaxed exit policy norms, which were not very clear before, and reevaluating their current investments in the country.
The reforms, however, have come at a time when the investor sentiment in the sector has dropped due to clarity in regulations and as a result, the sector has witnessed severe cash crunch and stress.
Rohit Raj Modi, Secretary CREDAI-NCR, said, “The continued…

Core sector growth slows to 1.9% inSeptPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:35 am
Growth of the eight key infrastructure industries slowed down to 1.9 per cent in September, lowest in eight months, led by contraction in output of sectors including crude oil, refinery products, natural gas and fertilisers.
The growth in September is against the 5.8 per cent growth witnessed in August and 9 per cent growth seen during the same period last fiscal, data released by the commerce ministry showed.
The core sector, including coal, electricity, steel, cement, refinery products, fertilisers, natural gas, and crude oil, comprises 38 per cent of the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), which inched 0.4 per cent in August. The September figures are due on November 12 and the moderation is likely to have an adverse impact on the numbers. The cumulative core sector growth during the April-September period was 4 per cent as against 5 per cent during the corresponding period a year ago, the data showed.
Experts said that the poor show is largely a function of base effect and going forward the festival season will boost the manufacturing sector.
“Core sector was dampened by the base effect … an earlier onset to the festive season is likely to have provided some boost to various sectors of manufacturing,” Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA, said. However, she added that IIP growth is likely to be subdued in September. The development is also likely to put pressure on the Reserve Bank of India to soften its hawkish stance on interest rates.
Output of crude oil shrank 1.1 per cent against a negative growth of 4.9 per cent in August; natural gas production contracted 6.2 per cent compared to 8.3 per cent last month; refinery products contracted 2.5 per cent compared to 4.3 per cent; while fertiliser output registered a drop of 11.6 per cent as against 4.3 per cent a month ago.

Centre asks states to issue mining leases within amonthPrint
Mines Ministry has issued new guidelines on submission of applications for mineral concession proposals.
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:33 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:07 am
The Centre has directed state governments to execute agreements within a month with companies whose applications for mining leases has been approved.
As per guidelines issued by the mines ministry on submission of applications for mineral concession proposals, once the government accords prior approval to a proposal for granting of either prospecting licence (PL) or a mining licence, the concerned state administration should issue a grant order to the applicant at the earliest. “This should be done without any delay, preferably within a period of one month of receipt of prior approval from the central government. Delays in execution of mineral concession agreements should be avoided,” according to the new guidelines.
The government is concerned that 63,393 applications for grants of PL and mining leases are pending with the governments of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa and Tamil Nadu. As per the existing rules, the timelines for disposal of reconnaisance permits are within six months, PL within nine months and mining leases within twelve months.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s office had recently expressed concern over the mounting of applications pending for grant of mineral concessions.
PM’s principal secretary Nripendra Misra wrote to mines secretary Anup K Pujari on September 3 saying his ministry needs to process pending application in a “transparent and prompt manner.” Misra also asked the mines secretary to “furnish monthly updates on actions taken by the mines ministry to revive legal and responsible mining.”
The revised guidelines also bar the states from processing mineral concessions in areas where the quantum of mineralisation is unknown. Under Section (5) of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, no mining lease shall be granted by a state unless there is evidence to show that the area for which the lease is applied for has been prospected or mineral contents there has been established otherwise. The states will also have to ensure that a prospecting report filed with it has established reserves as per United Nations Framework Classification 1997, while recommending a mining lease, according to the guidelines.
Secretary general of federation of Indian mineral industries (FIMI) RK Sharma welcomed the government’s move to make the states decide on mining applications in a time-bound manner.
The state governments must process applications only for those areas which have been notified as mineral-bearing zones, the fresh guidelines mandate.

Cause of Virgin Galactic Crash a MysteryThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Ashford Trust Sets Record Date and Distribution Date for Spin-Off of Ashford Inc.Ashford Trust Sets Record Date and Distribution Date for Spin-Off of Ashford Inc.
Markets say sayonara to Fed as Bank of Japan steps inMarkets say sayonara to Fed as Bank of Japan steps in
Spains recovery boosts labour marketOctober 23, 2014 6:09 pm
Spain’s recovery boosts labour market
Ian Mount in Barcelona
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c14e5d6-5ab6-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Election marks turning point for UkraineTurning point for Ukraine as reformists celebrate poll victory
Neil Buckley and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82a20b9a-5df6-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia and Ukraine reach gas dealRussia and Ukraine reach gas deal
Christian Oliver in Brussels, Jack Farchy in Moscow and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bec179ac-6086-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine sets its face towards the westUkraine sets its face towards the west
Elections mark a break with the country’s old, discredited politics
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c345748a-5ea9-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China oil groups: waiting for reckoning© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2700172a-6010-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UPB signs accord over oil platformsUPB signs accord over oil platforms
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2bb42af2-4579-11e3-b98b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spanish recovery lays bare social crisisSpanish recovery lays bare a social crisis
Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bbdfb1fe-5f96-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The furious but forgiving Spanish votersSpain’s voters are furious but refuse to punish corrupt leaders
Tobias Buck in Madrid
A number of politicians have been hit by scandals but many are able to cling on to power
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1399ca0-5f66-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoJ: you know we said about two years  rightBen McLannahan
Ben McLannahan covers markets and economics for the FT from Tokyo, and before that he wrote Lex notes from London and Hong Kong. He studied English at Cambridge University and joined the FT in 2007, after stints at the Economist Group and Institutional Investor.

Bookmakers to create gambling watchdogBritain’s biggest bookmakers to create gambling watchdog
By Robert Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51a3107e-3c0a-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The joy and pain of owning a racehorseSeptember 19, 2014 12:11 am
The joy and pain of owning a racehorse
By Steve McDowell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6437948-383a-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WPP takes UK government to courtWPP takes UK government to court over contract
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79c208ce-5525-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China property sales jump in October  surveySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Exxon and Chevron profits buck trendExxon and Chevron profits buck trend
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bf829e0-6101-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WPP sales growth slowsWPP growth slows in third quarter
Robert Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/545c5774-60d3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

On Denton s Upcoming Referendum for a Fracking Banreddit
By: Najmedin Meshkati, Nima Jabbari, Jamie Heinecke, and Cyrus Ashayeri
As we all know, on November 4 there will be a referendum on a fracking ban in Denton, TX. Regardless of the outcome, the impact of this unprecedented grassroots movement will transcend well beyond Denton's city limits and affect the future of the entire oil and gas fracking industry in the US.  We believe that the society's decision of using more fossil fuel in the future and, consequently, to frack or not to frack, is a major public policy issue which is beyond the scope of our technical analysis.  Nevertheless, as engineers and safety advocates, we strive to ensure that if there is fracking in the US, then it must be done in the safest and most environmentally conscious manner, using a proactive systems-oriented approach with strong safety culture.
The main concern at Denton has been the safety and environmental impacts of fracking for its community. As one of "Dentonites," "fracktivist" Candice Bernd, has stated in her recent essay , "[t]he push for a ban comes primarily in the context of the group having tried everything else. It is the next logical step for our community to seek protection from the gas industry."
However, this is not the first time that a group of decent citizens in the US are fed up with the safety and environmental record of an energy industry operation in their backyard and frustrated with the federal or local governmental/administrative bodies entrusted with its oversight.  Typically, concerned citizens try to exercise some direct level of control by resorting to lawsuits, sometimes under archaic provisions of a nuisance law, and referendum mechanisms to curtail or stop such operation.
On March 6, 1990, Torrance residents in Southern California considered a ballot measure that could have forced the Mobil Oil Co. to spend up to $100 million to restructure its refinery operations and eliminate the use of hydrofluoric acid, a highly toxic chemical that was used to boost the octane level of gasoline. The vote was a response to several mishaps at the refinery in prior years.  Similar to the situation in Denton, the cavalier attitude of the industry toward the refinery safety and their inaction regarding safety improvements, of course, aggravated the situation and fueled the public's anger.  [For further information, Please refer to Meshkati's Op-Ed in the Los Angeles Times, March 1, 1990, " Can Voters Head Off Refinery Calamities? "]
There is no question that fracking has drastically helped the US economy.  In fact, it is primarily due to fracking in the U.S. that already, according to a recent article in the Wall Street Journal , "since March 2008, oil production has increased 58% and natural-gas output has risen 21%, making the U.S. the world's largest producer of both fuels, according to federal and international agency statistics;" and "jobs directly related to oil and gas production have nearly doubled in the past 10 years to 697,000, government data shows." Additionally, from the Wall Street Journal:
Last year, a group from Yale estimated that shale gas production contributes over $100 billion to U.S. consumers annually. Jobs have been created, many landowners have benefited financially, and lower gas prices have provided relief for consumers in the form of lower heat and electricity bills.
Nevertheless, the Dentonites' agony should be considered as a rude-awakening for everybody in the US; the fracking industry, federal regulatory agencies, and local oversight bodies. All parties should note that the time and practice of "business as usual" is over, and they should address safety, health and environmental issues of fracking in a proactive and transparent manner.
We have extensively studied the role of human factors and safety culture in the fracking operations and have recently published a research article on these issues. It is an undeniable fact now and we know that major man-made accidents, which are often characterized as 'low probability, high consequence events', are mostly caused by a multitude of factors that compromise barriers to the loss of control or breach defenses for safe functioning of intended systems. It is now known that both the performance and the inherent accident potential of complex human-technological systems, such as fracking operations, are functions of the way their parts -- engineered and human -- fit together and interact. Research has shown that on many occasions, the error and "negligence" and the resultant failures are both the attribute and the effect of a multitude of factors.
On many occasions, "human error" is caused by inadequate workers' response to unfamiliar events. These responses depend very much on the conditioning that takes place during normal work activities; workers' behavior is conditioned by the conscious decisions made by work planners or managers. These include: poor workstation and workplace designs, unbalanced workload, complicated operational processes, unsafe conditions, faulty maintenance, disproportionate attention to production, ineffective training, non-responsive managerial systems, poor planning, lax oversight and inadequate enforcement of safety regulations, and an overall weak organizational safety culture.
The safety culture goes beyond specific rules and rote adherence to standard operating procedures in any organization. In other words, creating safety culture means instilling attitudes and practices in individuals and organizations that ensure safety concerns are proactively addressed and treated as high priority. An organization fostering strong safety culture encourages employees to cultivate a questioning attitude, a prudent approach to all aspects of their jobs, and creates open communication between line workers and management.
However, not always mentioned is that a good majority of these "errors" or "negligence" were in fact system-induced. According to several studies, including our own, it should be remembered throughout the investigation that error should be considered as a consequence and not necessarily a cause. As the world-renowned scholar, Professor James Reason of Manchester University stated, which could characterize many technological systems' accidents, such as fracking accidents, "rather than being the main instigators of an accident, operators tend to be the inheritors of system defect created by poor design, incorrect installation, faulty maintenance and bad management decisions. Their part is usually that of adding the final garnish to a lethal brew whose ingredients have already been long in the cooking." As such, it is a gross oversimplification to attribute accidents to the actions of front-line workers or negligence of their immediate supervisors, prior to investigating all the contributing root-causes to the system's failure.
We must consider the human factors issues involved in each stage of the process. By examining each stage of hydraulic fracturing, the specific human factors issues involved in the overall process can be addressed and ultimately both the safety and the efficiency of the entire system can be improved.
For instance, both fracking industry and their cognizant safety oversight agencies should develop a thorough and comprehensive incident/accident reporting and investigation system to systematically address all the root-causes by concentrating on modern human-systems integration methodologies, to disseminate lessons learned, and to avoid the next one. We tried to analyze the EagleRidge Operating, LLC's Smith-Yorlum 7H gas well blowout at approximately 1:30 a.m. on April 19, 2013, which was reported to City of Denton nine hours later at approximately 10:45 a.m. We examined the only two terse available reports concerning this major accident, which released chemicals and at least 100MCF of natural gas to the environment: The one page Incident Report filed with the Railroad Commission of Texas (RCT), as well as the brief write-up posted on the Emission Event Reporting Database, of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ).  And we found them to be woefully incomplete and inadequate, as far as root-cause analysis and lesson learned are concerned.
Another related example deals with exceeding injection pressure limits as a violation that according to the EPA has been repeated 1,100 times from 2008 to 2012 in EPA Class II injection wells. Although, in this context, this phenomenon has an objective of not fracturing the formation and is different from the injection in the hydraulic fracturing operation, it still can have serious application in regulating the safety and environmental requirements to be complied within hydraulic fracturing. More importantly, it is of high importance to pay attention to the role of human factors in pressure-monitoring systems in fracking, because compared with waste injection, the pressure being implemented in the fracturing process is quite higher and it requires stringent monitoring precautions when working onsite.
Unfortunately, just like the Torrance vote in 1990 -- whatever the result will be in Denton on November 4, 2014, it will not fix anything in the long run in the US. Even if approved, the frackers will only move out from Denton into other areas. Many more Denton Déjà vu in the future. An acceptable solution can only come from the recognition by the fracking industry that it must operate with a diligent conscience for safety, environmental and social concerns, and a realization by Denton residents that this industry's presence benefits the economy and possibly the country. The problem cannot be solved by referendum, legislation or litigation. It can be solved by a genuine and honest soul-searching by the oil and gas fracking industry about their past practices and a partnership with and its neighbors based on a candid exchange of views and information between the partners.
Finally, the fracking industry must listen to Dentonites' cry for help and their numerous other cohorts around the country, to heed their call for serious change, and to initiate a genuine paradigm shift when it comes to their safety and environmental responsibilities by developing proactive, scientific and systems-oriented approached based on human factors and safety culture considerations.
_________________
Najmedin Meshkati , Nima Jabbari, Jamie Heinecke, and Cyrus Ashayeri are, respectively, a professor and students at the Viterbi School of Engineering, University of Southern California (USC).  For the past 30 years, Prof. Meshkati has been teaching and conducting research on risk reduction and reliability enhancement of complex technological systems; recently he has been on two national panels in the United States investigating two major accidents; the Deepwater Horizon Explosion and the Fukushima Nuclear Accident.  Students are members of Prof. Meshkati's multidisciplinary USC Fracking Safety Study Group, an independent academic effort with no financial and administrative ties, whatsoever to the oil and gas industry, whose extensive research article entitled, " The Role of Human Factors Considerations and Safety Culture in the Safety of Hydraulic Fracturing (Fracking) ", was published in a recent issue of the Journal of Sustainable Energy Engineering (September 2014).
More:

Allies in Business Play Important Roles Furthering LGBT Equalityreddit
To state the obvious, a gap remains between individual, corporate, and community aspirations regarding progress concerning diversity and inclusion and the persistent -isms and -phobias that still seem to influence our organizations and institutions. While there remains work to be done regarding equality and inclusion on the basis of gender, race, ethnicity, physical ability and other classes protected by law, leaders across sectors have acknowledged Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) equality as a critical civil rights issue of our time. Apple CEO Tim Cook came out , sharing that he was motivated in part by the opportunity to support others and the broader movement regarding LGBT inclusion. While it is significant and important that the leader of an iconic company has officially come out, continued progress toward a true culture of inclusion also requires the engagement of the ally community. Allies are active advocates and supporters, and play an important role in combatting systematic and institutionalized discrimination of all kinds, helping to shift and reinforce the culture change necessary to realize material and sustainable progress.
The summer of 2012, I watched as the Chick-fil-a controversy played out across my Twitter feed. Believing LGBT equality to be an important issue for the business community to understand through the lens of corporate sustainability, I turned to leading corporate responsibility influencers, authoring an HBR article on the Business Case for LGBT Equality with Susan McPherson, and thereafter engaging Gwen Migita, Vice President of Sustainability and Corporate Citizenship at Caesars Entertaiment and Steve Lippman, Director of Corporate Citizenship at Microsoft to join Susan as part of the first-ever session on LGBT equality at the 2012 Net Impact Conference . Together, we sparked a fresh conversation about LGBT inclusion that I have since seen resound throughout the community of impact professionals, including leading allies like Neil Hawkins, Tim Mohin, Alice Korngold, Hannah Jones, Andrea Learned and many others raising their voices in support. Susan and I have since gone on to write about the business implications of the 2013 Supreme Court ruling on DOMA and the intersection of LGBT equality and sport .
Since the summer of 2012, I have seen a shift in the dialogue regarding LGBT equality, with sustainability publications and leaders increasingly examining the business implications of how companies align internal diversity policies with external marketing and public policy advocacy. However, despite notable progress and leadership from the business community, the recent Guardian Sustainable Business article, " LGBT diversity: why business is far from a level playing field ," points out that when it comes to LGBT inclusion, companies have a long way to go. While marriage remains an important issue for the LGBT community, additional work remains to address this and other remaining barriers to LGBT equality. It is still legal to be fired on the basis of sexual orientation and or gender identity in the majority of U.S. states, and the same holds true regarding discrimination against LGBT individuals and housing. Outside of the U.S., according to a leading LGBT advocacy organization , in 76 countries, being LGBT is a crime, and in ten of those countries, it is legal grounds for life imprisonment or execution. Businesses and business leaders can lend their influence to help shift this reality.
By complementing its annual list of Top 100 LGBT Business Leaders with a list of Top 20 Ally Business Leaders , OUTstanding founder Suki Sandhu stated that, "LGBT people are not the only ones with a responsibility for making workplaces inclusive." Validating Sandhu's acknowledgement, businesses and business leaders have stepped forward in support of LGBT equality, recognizing that combatting homophobia and transphobia is not solely the responsibility of the LGBT community. This journey toward greater and more authentic inclusion is ongoing, because beyond initial and important steps like employee resource groups, non-discrimination policies, and marketing and advertising to the LGBT community, the inclusion toward which we're striving requires a shift in culture.
I nclusion is good for business . Complementing what Susan McPherson and I cited regarding the multiple business drivers for LGBT equality, as expectations regarding brand authenticity continue to resonate across diverse stakeholders, inclusion is becoming an important criterion by which leaders and companies are assessed. As Coca-Cola and McDonalds learned in the lead up to the 2014 Sochi Olympics, there are increased expectations regarding what constitutes authentic support for LGBT equality. Public support for LGBT inclusion continues to increase, and so do calls for companies to align external positions with internal diversity and inclusion policies.
If we are to realize a culture of inclusion and equality, all leaders and members of organizations and communities must stand together. Allyship is critical to culture change because continued progress does not simply depend on more LGBT business leaders coming out, but also on the engagement and support of the majority of people who shape and define culture in and beyond the workplace. In the words of Tim Cook, "We pave the sunlit path toward justice together." Thankful for the openness of LGBT business leaders around the world, I encourage allies to continue to make their voices heard.
Follow Laura Clise on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraclise
More:

Dollar soars after BoJ stuns markets© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8706cfe-60bc-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Personal pension provision plummetsPersonal pension provision plummets
James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f68e1942-6105-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to choose a financial adviserOctober 31, 2014 7:16 pm
How to choose a financial adviser
Jason Butler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e106d2c-5ea0-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Galactic craft crashes  kills 1By Joel Achenbach , Drew Harwell and Mark Berman October 31 Follow @joelachenbach Follow @drewharwell Follow @markberman
A Virgin Galactic spaceship designed to take tourists on excursions beyond Earth's atmosphere broke up during a test flight Friday over the Mojave Desert, killing the pilot. (AP)
A Virgin Galactic spacecraft intended to carry tourists crashed in the Mojave desert due to an “in-flight anomaly” during a test flight Friday, killing one person, the company said.
The accident, the second this week involving a craft intended for spaceflight, left a trail of debris scattered across the Mojave. It was not known in the immediate aftermath what happened to SpaceShipTwo, but the company said in a statement that “a serious anomaly” had occurred.
“From my eyes and my ears, I detected nothing that appeared abnormal,” Stuart Witt, chief executive of Mojave Air and Space Port, said of the launch during a news conference Friday afternoon. He later added, “If there was a huge explosion that occurred, I didn’t see it.”
The crash was a devastating blow to one of the most high-profile startup space companies, as well as the other people involved in working on such flights.
“We are human. And it hurts,” Witt said.
Stuart Witt, chief executive of Mojave Air and Space Port, said at a news conference that one crew member died and another was injured after a suborbital passenger spaceship crashed on Friday. (Reuters)
First responders on the scene found the aircraft “in several different pieces,” said Donny Youngblood, sheriff of Kern County, during the same news conference. They found one person who was declared dead at the scene, and another who had suffered “major injuries” and was taken to Antelope Valley Hospital, he said.
The disaster occurred shortly after 10 a.m., when SpaceShipTwo separated from White Knight Two, which was carrying the vehicle into the air, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
“We’re going to get through it,” George Whitesides, chief executive of Virgin Galactic, said during the news conference. “The future rests in many ways on hard, hard days like this. But we believe we owe it to the folks who were flying these vehicle as well as the folks who’ve been working so hard on them to understand this and to move forward, which is what we’ll do.”
Richard Branson, who founded Virgin Galactic in 2004, posted on Twitter that he would be flying to Mojave:
Thoughts with all @virgingalactic & Scaled, thanks for all your messages of support. I'm flying to Mojave immediately to be with the team.
— Richard Branson (@richardbranson) October 31, 2014
Earlier Friday, the flight took off from the Mojave Desert, despite some initial concerns about high winds.
We’re still closely tracking the weather—mainly winds on the ground and aloft. Stay tuned for updates.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
And we have takeoff for WhiteKnightTwo & #SpaceShipTwo here in Mojave, CA. This is SS2's 55th flight & WK2's 173rd.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
#SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely for the 35th time.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Ignition! #SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again. Stay tuned for updates.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Branson founded Virgin Galactic with the goal of making it the world’s first space tourism company. He is the founder of Virgin Group, which has hundreds of companies, including Virgin Atlantic and Virgin America airlines.
RELATED: Destination Unknown | An occasional series on the future of NASA and space exploration.
“My heart and prayers go out to the pilots of SpaceShipTwo and their families,” Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said in a statement. “Their courage and bravery to embark on missions that will lead towards expanding man’s reach into space exemplify the ingenuity and imagination of America. Today’s devastating crash is a reminder how fragile life is in these efforts.”
SpaceShipTwo is designed to hold two pilots and six passengers. The company has taken deposits of up to $250,000 each from more than 700 people to reserve seats on the first space tourism flights,  according to the Albuquerque Journal .
Charles Lurio, publisher of a newsletter about the commercial space industry, the Lurio Report, compared the test-flight explosion to the hundreds of people lost over years of testing early aircraft.
“I hope people understand that in order to make progress in certain areas, you have to take certain risks,” Lurio said. “This is why we need more than one or two companies trying things out, and why we need people willing to test things on the ground. … We need to enable more people to try, not fewer.”
The first flight tests of SpaceShipTwo began in 2013. But at the beginning of this year, the company suspended tests after changing the fuel used to power its rocket, the Albuquerque Journal reported . Earlier this month, it resumed tests and announced that the final phase of testing — which would take the spacecraft into the outer edges of the earth’s atmosphere — would begin soon.
The beginning of commercial service has been continuously pushed back, but the company now says that it could finally become a reality in 2015.
The crash of the spaceship is a huge blow to Virgin Galactic, which had been hoping to be the pioneer of space tourism – selling customers tickets at $250,000 each to ride more than 60 miles above the Earth’s surface, which by conventional definitions is into space, on suborbital flights. The company has been promising for many years that it is getting close to commercial operation, but has faced a series of delays because of technical issues – not an uncommon problem in spaceflight.
SpaceShipTwo was designed by the legendary engineer Burt Rutan, who founded a company, Scaled Composites, in the desert town of Mojave, Calif., near Edwards Air Force Base and in a part of the country known for historic aviation feats – including pilot Chuck Yeager’s breaking the sound barrier in 1947. A smaller predecessor to the craft, SpaceShipOne, became the first private spacecraft to reach space in 2004.
The spacecraft was not designed to become an orbital vehicle. It was, however, designed to be entirely reuseable. Whitesides said last year that 650 people had put down money so far for tickets. The original price of $200,000 a seat had risen to $250,000 by that point.
“I hope that we do have competition at some point. Right now there’s not much competition, because it’s hard, it’s hard to build these things, it’s hard to put these operations together,” Whitesides said at the time. He gave a Post reporter a tour of a hangar where spaceship parts were being built, but the spacecraft itself was out of sight in a different hangar.
A Virgin Galactic passenger spaceship crashed during a test flight over the Mojave Desert in California on Friday due to an “in-flight anomaly.” At least one person was killed in the accident. (Reuters)
The design of the eight-seat craft calls for it to be carried by a mothership, the White Knight Two, to a launch altitude more than nine miles above the ground. Then the spaceship is dropped by the carrier vehicle. Soon thereafter, a rocket motor fires and propels the ship into space. It then glides back to Earth and lands on a runway.
“We’re living the dream. Building spaceships!” Whitesides said last year. He noted the competitive, hit-or-miss, entrepreneurial quality to the “New Space” industry and Mojave in particular: “This is like Cupertino 1978,” he said, referring to Silicon Valley. “You’re going to have winners and you’re going to have losers.”
SpaceShipTwo had completed more than 50 test flights, many of them unpowered “glide flights,” but Friday’s was only its fourth powered flight. It was also the first time the space plane’s rocket engine had been started since January.
Virgin Galactic officials said this month that the company had accomplished a series of successful test flights and extended ground tests of the space plane’s rocket motor. They added after one unpowered test that “Today’s flight brings spaceflight closer.”
The explosion could also hurt interest in SpaceShipTwo’s competition. Another suborbital space plane, XCOR Aerospace’s Lynx, is in development and expected to launch from Mojave, with tickets starting at $95,000.
The crash Friday comes just days after the explosion of an unmanned rocket, which blew up seconds after it launched from Wallops Island, Va., on Tuesday night. And it comes 10 years to the month after SpaceShipOne reached a crucial milestone, becoming the first privately built vehicle to fly to the edge of space two times in two weeks. The achievement was marked as a pinnacle of private spaceflight and netted them the $10 million Ansari X Prize.
1 of 31

Day after US exits QE  Japan plays it easyDay after US exits QE  Japan plays it easy
Insurance company AIG to pay $35 million fineAIG to pay $35 million fine, says New York insurance regulator
By Reuters | 1 Nov, 2014, 01.44AM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Insurer American International Group will pay a $35 million penalty for violations related to former subsidiaries that solicited insurance business in New York without a license, the New York State Department of Financial Services said on Friday.
The department said in a statement that the former AIG units had also misrepresented those activities to regulators.
The dispute centered on American Life Insurance Co, better known as ALICO, and another former AIG unit known as DelAm. MetLife Inc, another insurer, bought both units from AIG in 2010.
In March, MetLife paid a $50 million fine to the department and $10 million to the Manhattan District Attorney's office because of the subsidiaries' activities.
In early April, AIG sued New York regulators to try to force them off enforcement proceedings over ALICO's activities.
As part of Friday's announcement, AIG will withdraw that suit, according to a consent order.

Cheryle Jackson talks about when breast cancer finally...0
Jackson detected the lump herself in the summer of 2012, six months before she was diagnosed. Initially, after a mammogram and ultrasound, she was told it was benign and to monitor it.
"But I was pretty persistent, because it was bringing friends," Jackson said, laughing now at the thought of the additional lumps.
Jackson has a great, big laugh.
"You know, who wants to rush to have cancer?" she said, the laughing now becoming uncontrollable. "When the experts tell you you don't have cancer, you're like, 'phew.' But at an annual physical, thank God, my primary care physician (a different doctor) was like, 'C.J., you have to go see a specialist right away.'"
She arrived at the Lynn Sage Comprehensive Breast Center for tests, and the women there were clearly sick.
"The older, mother hen of the room loved to talk," Jackson said. "And she loved to talk about Syria, Rev. (Jesse) Jackson, Rev. (Al) Sharpton. She was an expert on everything. ... And I'm the only one left in the room, and she was very chatty. And I'm like, 'Oh, I'm not in here for that. I'm different from y'all. I'm just getting a test.'"
Jackson remembers the woman looking the tall, trim former political candidate up and down, in a slow scan, and saying very slowly yet bitterly, "Well... God bless... Then."
"She was going to let me have my denial," Jackson said.
It didn't hit her until she began planning for a radical mastectomy and went to see her plastic surgeon. She underwent her last of four surgeries in February, taking three, four- to six-week leaves from work for recovery in the span of a little more than a year.
"They open up a reality-check book," Jackson said, laughing at her nickname for it. "This is not a boob job! This is your reality. Images from single, double, radical mastectomies. It was so jarring."
And that's when she cried.

Consumer court asks Audi India to carry out repairs in A6 2.0 TDIConsumer court asks Audi India to carry out repairs in A6 2.0 TDI
Petrol and diesel cut; BSE  Nifty at new highPetrol and diesel cut; BSE  Nifty at new high
EC asks MHA to explain fresh relief forvictimsPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:08 am
A day after the government decided to award a fresh compensation of Rs 5 lakh to the victims of 1984 anti-Sikh riots, the Election Commission of India on Friday sought an explanation from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) on the matter, seeking to know how such a decision could be taken during the imposition of the Model Code of Conduct in Delhi in wake of the upcoming byelections in three seats.
Asking the MHA to respond by November 3, the EC, sources said, has pointed out that the Model Code was already in force in Delhi which will go to polls on November 25 on the assembly seats of Mehrauli, Tuglakabad and Krishna Nagar.
On October 30, the government decided to give Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of 3,325 victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots that occurred in the aftermath of the assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. This fresh compensation, amounting to Rs 166 crore, would be over and above the compensations already been given to the victims.

Panel after panel said police helped mob  no oneheardPrint
Mansa Singh’s three sons were among five of the family killed in the 1984 riots.
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:06 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 2:40 pm
A common thread runs through the reports of nine committees, and several rights groups and NGOs, which probed the 1984 riots — all point to police lapses, at times connivance, lack of an institutional response and the dubious role of local Congress leaders in targeted attacks on Sikhs across Delhi.
One of the nine committees, headed by R K Ahuja who was a Secretary in the Ministry of Home Affairs, was tasked to find out the total number of Sikhs killed in Delhi during the riots. The Ahuja committee put the count of the dead in the Capital at 2,733.
Another probe committee, headed by Additional Commissioner of Police Ved Marwah, was asked to probe the role of the police during the carnage. Accused officers moved court and Marwah was told by the Home Ministry in 1985 to wind up the probe.
The Nanavati commission, appointed in 2000 after dissatisfaction over the findings of earlier probes, highlighted the role of the police, local Congress leaders and “the backing and help of influential and resourceful persons” during the riots. This is what it concluded:
“The attacks were made in a systematic manner and without much fear of the police; almost suggesting that they were assured that they would not be harmed while committing those acts and even thereafter. Male members of the Sikh community were taken out of their houses. They were beaten first and then burnt alive in a systematic manner. In some cases, tyres were put around their necks and then they were set on fire by pouring kerosene or petrol over them. In some cases, white inflammable powder was thrown on them which immediately caught fire thereafter. This was a common pattern which was followed by the big mobs which had played havoc in certain areas. The shops were identified, looted and then burnt. Thus, what had initially started as an angry outburst became an organized carnage.”
“…Large number of affidavits indicate that local Congress(I) leaders and workers had either incited or helped the mobs in attacking the Sikhs. But for the backing and help of influential and resourceful persons, killing of Sikhs so swiftly and in large numbers could not have happened. In many places, the riotous mobs consisted of outsiders… Outsiders in large numbers could not have been brought by ordinary persons from the public. Bringing them from outside required an organized effort. Supplying them with weapons and inflammable material also required an organized effort. There is evidence to show that outsiders were shown the houses of the Sikhs. Obviously it would have been difficult for them to find out the houses and shops of Sikhs so quickly and easily.”
“…There is enough material on record to show that at many places the police had taken away their (Sikhs) arms or other continued…

49 were handed life terms  most got away withmurderPrint
Riots began hours after Indira Gandhi's assassination
Written by Aditi Vatsa , Kaunain Sherrif , Aneesha Mathur | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:01 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:37 am
It was October 31, 1984. Walking to his house in Trilokpuri Block 32, Mansa Singh noticed the local butcher, Kishori Lal, skinning a lamb that hung from his shop’s ceiling. He thought nothing of it then. A day later, he watched the butcher using the same knife to chop off his son Darshan’s arms. Singh hid helplessly, paralysed behind a clothes line.
READ: Panel after panel said police helped mob, no one heard
He saw his sons dragged out of the house by Kishori Lal, who was leading a mob, saw them attacked with knives and iron rods. “I lost three sons in front of my eyes. They were cut to pieces and beaten to death with iron rods. I could not save my children. I don’t know why God has kept me alive. I don’t wish this on my worst enemies,” says 74-year-old Singh, sitting in a two-room flat in Tilak Vihar. Photographs of his three sons, his brother Kripal Singh and eldest daughter-in-law Amarti Kaur adorn the otherwise barren walls of the house.
In the 30 years since India’s worst carnage after the Partition, Singh and his wife ran from pillar to post, appearing as witnesses in courts,
trying to get compensation money to run their household. With a monthly pension of Rs 2,500, Singh lives in his grandson’s flat in Tilak Vihar, a resettlement colony for 1984 riot victims. “I was a porter till my legs gave way. I would lift several heavy suitcases in the hope that I would be paid five rupees more,” says Singh, who now walks with a limp.
Kishori Lal, who came to be known as “the butcher of Trilokpuri”, is serving a life sentence in Delhi’s Tihar Jail. This, for Mansa Singh, is small consolation. “There were many others who we had named in the FIRs but they all went scot free.”
READ: How many does it take to kill 2,733 people?: 1984 30 years later
Kishori Lal’s neighbour Kawaljeet Singh said his wife passed away days after he was sentenced to death. “His wife died days after his sentence. His son is rarely seen in the area. But he keeps visiting his house in the area, but he hardly talks to anyone. I think he is scared to come here after his father’s conviction,” Kawaljeet said.
In his quest for justice, Mansa Singh is not alone. Because as many as 2,733 Sikhs were killed in the riots in Delhi alone.
“How many people do you think it would take to kill 3,000 men? There were at least 15,000-20,000 people involved in the rioting but they didn’t arrest the real culprits. They arrested the bystanders and picked up people off the road. That’s why there were so many closures and acquittals,” says advocate N D Pancholi who has been associated with the civil society groups Citizens for Democracy and the People’s Union for Democratic Rights (PUDR).
In all, the Delhi police arrested 3,081 people from 650 FIRs, filed 363 chargesheets and got 442 convicted. Kishori Lal is one of 49 serving a life sentence. He was among three sentenced to death. But the Supreme Court later commuted it to a life sentence, citing long delays during the trial.
The “insufferable” delays of the judicial system also affected the sentencing of the accused. Forty five, who were in jail for periods longer than the sentences that could have been imposed had they been held guilty, were allowed to walk free.
The landscape in block 30 of Trilokpuri has changed. Small and congested single-floor houses have now been renovated to three-storey buildings. Only one house stands unchanged. It seems to have imploded on itself, the roof sags and the tiles inside all but ripped away. This is home to 68-year old Ved Prakash, sentenced to life in jail but now out on bail.
Asked about his role in the 1984 riots, his wife explodes: “The police bought him for a few minutes to attend his own daughter’s marriage. He has already spent eleven years in jail. Why do you want to know about our life? We stay behind these closed doors, don’t talk to anyone, we are not a threat to anyone.” Ved Prakash and his wife live alone, their only daughter married off in 2010.
His response is calm, unlike that of his wife. “I had actually opened up my house for Sikh brothers during the riots. But the police framed me in a case. I lost my government job and now I work as a plumber. For my daughter’s wedding, I had to take a loan. It is now just about survival. I know the anger over innocents being killed. But I do not want to talk about it. Justice needs to be done to everyone.”
PART ONE: JUSTICE DELAYED | Create Infographics
Tara Chand, a resident of East Delhi, was convicted of rioting and sentenced to five years imprisonment —something that is still pending in the Delhi High Court. “Every day I wake up uncertain. At least they should sentence us or close the case,” he says. He was 16 years old when he was picked up by police in 1984. “I was returning from school. The police arrested me in my uniform. I was clueless about the arrest. I was produced before a magistrate… my school certificate was torn and thrown into a bin,” he claims.
After his eldest son died four years ago, Chand devoted his life to his daughter. “The situation was bad at home when I was under trial. My son had to work. He died while he was cleaning up a swimming pool. I cannot forget the loss of my son. Now I work so that my daughter can get an education,” he says.
Mansa Singh, Tara Chand and Ved Prakash are poles apart, but the never-ending wait connects them. There is no mistaking the anger in Chand: “You arrested innocent children. All the politicians got away scot-free. Is this justice? I did not get an education. I hope the same thing does not happen to anyone else.” Mansa Singh and Ved Prakash can’t agree more, still waiting for justice.

Black money: SC needs to be on same page for better globalcooperationPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:53 am
Amidst various countries raising concerns over co-operating and sharing confidential taxpayer information with the Indian government in the wake of the Centre handing them over to the Supreme Court, an official said that the move was necessitated “in order to bring the judiciary on the same plank as the government” so that they can continue to receive co-operation from other countries.
Stating that the government took a measured risk, the official said that it “asked the Supreme Court to reconsider its interpretation so that the judiciary is on the same plane as the executive at the international fora and that further co-operation is obtained without any problems of interpretation of treaties.”
The official said that there is difference in interpretation of confidentiality clause (meaning of ‘public court proceeding’) by the Supreme Court and how they are interpreted internationally. While the SC interprets that information received from foreign countries can be used in hearings too, the international interpretation of confidentiality clause is, “information received from countries can only be used for tax purposes and tax assessment / enforcement”, said the official.
He further said that if the SC’s interpretation of the confidentiality clause remains different from the international interpretation then “there may be delays in signing the Inter-Governmental Agreement with the US for automatic exchange of information”.

Airbus in talks with CALG for 100-plane orderAirbus in talks with China Aircraft Leasing for 100-plane order: French Daily
By Reuters | 1 Nov, 2014, 03.59AM IST
0
Share More
The paper said the Chinese plane leasing firm would sign a MoU with Airbus soon, adding that the CALG wants to build up a fleet of at least 100 jets by 2015.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Airbus is in talks with China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd (CALG) for a potential $9-11 billion order of about 100 A320 jetliners, French daily Le Figaro said.
The paper said the Chinese plane leasing firm would sign a memorandum of understanding with Airbus soon, adding that the CALG wants to build up a fleet of at least 100 jets by 2015.
An Airbus spokesman declined to comment.
In 2012, China Aircraft Leasing committed to buying 36 A320 passenger jets at the Farnborough Airshow.
Shares of CALG, partly owned by a subsidiary of state-backed financial conglomerate China Everbright Group, were listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange in July.
Asia's first listed plane lessor seeks to tap into voracious appetite for aircraft in the world's fastest-growing aviation market, of which it has a 3 percent share.
China's 800-plane leasing market is dominated by the world's biggest lessors, International Lease Finance Corp, now part of AerCap, and GECAS, a unit of General Electric.

Factbox: Branson s Virgin Galactic and the quest for space tourismFactbox: Branson s Virgin Galactic and the quest for space tourism
Indian units of Japanese companies like Maruti  Honda Siel  Hitachi soar as Yen hits 6-year lowIndian units of Japanese companies like Maruti  Honda Siel  Hitachi soar as Yen hits 6-year low
Nokia suspends work at India facilityNokia suspends work at India facility
Nokia local plant falls silentNokia local plant falls silent
Spectrum allocation soonSpectrum allocation soon
Chicago ad agency Commonground forms minority-owned...0
Wright: From an agency perspective, it's important that we reflect the world that we live in, and offer services and competencies that clients can have a trusted marketing partner to really reach these audiences. We really understand that population. Part of the growth strategy and what you'll see in the near future is adding expertise that really addresses the Asian population and other kinds of emerging marketplaces as well.
Islam: A lot of brands are starting to understand that the key to winning with the masses is actually winning with multicultural consumers. In a lot of ways it's less about race and more about culture, and really being able to harness the power of culture to not win with just the multicultural consumers, who are the creators of culture, but ultimately to win with the masses and the mainstream, who are in fact the largest consumers of that culture.
How did the idea for this come together?
Wright: We all sat around and had the conversation of what was the marketplace missing. We saw the growth and the opportunity. But to gain the level of scale and breadth and depth, for any of us to do it organically and independently, it was a very challenging model to create. We all found that we had like-minded values, characteristics and company culture. We kind of put all egos aside, put all accolades aside and said what's the best, not only for our companies and our clients, but more importantly the marketplace.
Beyond the cultural diversity, any benefits to expanding your geographical reach?
Islam: We've got a national footprint that really allows us to touch and have a strong presence in all of the key regions in the country. When it's cold, I get to spend a little bit more time in the South and after it warms up, I'll spend more time in New York and Chicago. But I will still continue to spend a lot of my time on a plane.

Sensex  Nifty touch record highsUpdated: November 1, 2014 00:12 IST
Sensex vaults 520 points as Japan surprises markets
Special Correspondent
PTI The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) surged by 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent to close at 27865.83.
TOPICS
market and exchange
Renewed optimism on reforms also boosts sentiment
Stock indices shot up to close at historical high on Friday by nearly two per cent following the surprise announcement of Bank of Japan’s stimulus programme, which is likely to result in more fund flow to emerging markets.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) surged by 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent to close at 27865.83.
Among the broader indices BSE 100 surged by 1.86 per cent, BSE 200 gained 1.78 per cent and BSE 500 was up by 1.71 per cent
The mid-cap and small cap stocks went up by 1.24 per cent and 0.96 per cent respectively.
The rally was led by capital goods stocks at 2.66 per cent followed by information technology at 1.96 per cent and power 1.94 per cent. Consumer durable stocks, however, lost by 3.18 per cent.
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE) the 50-share Nifty closed at 8322.20 with a gain of 153 points or 1.87 per cent.
“In the last three days, the FIIs were buying heavily as they bought Rs.1,200 crore worth shares on Thursday and Rs 1,700 crore shares on Friday,” said Dilip Bhat of Prabhudas Lilladher. He said that world over all markets were on fire and this was compounded by the announcement of Bank of Japan which increased its stimulus programme from 60 trillion yen to 80 trillion yen.
“This means that people who are worried that the U.S. will stop the QE 3 will now sensing that this would gradually replaced by Japan and they are expecting that the Europe will also continue its easy money policy,” Mr. Bhat added. “Markets built up on Thursday’s rally on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, improved growth in U.S., liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in U.S. interest rates,” said Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
In the near term, the focus will consistently remain on further reform initiatives. Said Mr. Shah, “Winter session of the Parliament will be closely watched for GST, land reforms, etc. Economic growth in China/Eurozone will engage the attention of the market and the remaining quarterly results will have stock-specific impact.”

What if you use deadly force because the attacker is about to kill you and you hate himBy Eugene Volokh October 31 Follow @volokhc
Are you guilty of murder, because you didn’t act based on your “fears alone,” but based on your reasonable fears plus some other motive? The conventional answer is no: The LaFave treatise, for instance, expressly says that if a defender “acts in proper self-defense, he does not lose the defense because he acts with some less admirable motive in addition to that of defending himself, as where he enjoys using force upon his adversary because he hates him.” The comment to Model Penal Code § 3.04, likewise states that self-defense “does not demand that [the belief of necessity of defensive action] be the sole motive of [the defendant's] action,” because “an inquiry into dominant and secondary purposes would inevitably be far too complex.” See State v. King (Ariz. 2010) .
But in California (and apparently Idaho ), it appears that you would be guilty of murder. California, like all states, allows people to use deadly force to resist an attempt to kill, inflict serious bodily injury, rape, or commit some other very serious crimes. But Cal. Penal Code § 198 provides that,
the circumstances must be sufficient to excite the fears of a reasonable person, and the party killing must have acted under the influence of such fears alone.
California Jury Instructions-Criminal No. 5.12 echoes this:
To justify taking the life of another in self-defense, the circumstances must be such as would excite the fears of a reasonable person placed in a similar position, and the party killing must act under the influence of those fears alone.
[UPDATE: The more recent Judicial Council Of California Criminal Jury Instruction No. 505 likewise says (emphasis added), "Defendant's belief must have been reasonable and (he/she) must have acted only because of that belief."] And People v. Trevino (Cal. App. 1988) interprets the statute this way (though note that the jury will generally see the pattern jury instructions, not the Trevino language) (emphasis added):
[A]n instruction which states that the party killing must act under the influence of such fears alone, is a correct statement of the law.
In so holding, we do not mean to imply that a person who feels anger or even hatred toward the person killed, may never justifiably use deadly force in self-defense. For example, it is settled that a person who has sought combat may decline further struggle and, if he really and in good faith does so before the killing, the killing may be justified on the same grounds as if that person had not originally been the aggressor. Furthermore, if a victim of a simple assault engages in a sudden and deadly counterassault, the original aggressor need not attempt to withdraw, and may reasonably use necessary force in self-defense.)
In such situations, as in others, it would be unreasonable to require an absence of any feeling other than fear, before the homicide could be considered justifiable. Such a requirement is not a part of the law, nor is it a part of CALJIC No. 5.12. Instead, the law requires that the party killing act out of fear alone. Thus, once the initial aggressor attempts in good faith to decline further struggle and communicates this to his opponent, or once the initial victim overreacts and responds with deadly force, the party killing may justifiably use deadly force in self-defense as long as the use of such force is motivated only by a reasonable fear and the belief that it is necessary to prevent his death or great bodily injury. The party killing is not precluded from feeling anger or other emotions save and except fear; however, those other emotions cannot be causal factors in his decision to use deadly force. If they are, the homicide cannot be justified on a theory of self-defense. But if the only causation of the killing was the reasonable fear that there was imminent danger of death or great bodily injury, then the use of deadly force in self-defense is proper, regardless of what other emotions the party who kills may have been feeling but not acting upon.
CALJIC No. 5.12 properly instructs the jury that the party killing must have acted under the influence of reasonable fears alone. It does not eliminate a feeling of anger or any other emotion so long as that emotion was not part of the cause of the use of deadly force. It is, therefore, a correct statement of the law of self-defense. In the case at bench, Trevino could have requested additional instructions with regard to his feeling anger toward Blanton as well as fear, or with regard to a situation where anger and fear were both causal factors. He did not do so. Nor did he argue to the jury the presence of such dual motivation or feeling. Under such circumstances, his argument on appeal must fail.
At the very least, this puts defendants in a difficult position where they feel both reasonable fear of death or serious bodily injury and hatred toward the attacker or a desire for revenge — quite a common scenario, I suspect, since if someone is the sort of person who’s likely to violently attack you, he’s also probably done some things that lead you to hate him. In such a situation, a jury might conclude (as per instruction 5.12) that the mix of motivations strips the defendant of his right to use deadly force in self-defense, since the defendant isn’t acting on his “fears alone.”
But beyond this, what of a situation where the defendant admits that she wouldn’t have used deadly force because of reasonable fear of serious bodily injury alone, but also had another motivation? Say a woman is on trial for killing her abusive boyfriend. He had severely injured her or raped her before, and she had not used deadly force to defend herself then, even though she would have had the legal right to do so.
She confided to a friend after the killing that she likely wouldn’t have defended herself with deadly force this time, either, had circumstances been as they had been before. But this time, something else has been added — for instance, he has admitted to abusing her daughter, or to cheating on her, or whatever else. Now when he was about to severely injure or rape her again, she stabbed him.
Is she acting based on “circumstances … be such as would excite the fears of a reasonable person placed in a similar position” that she would be severely injured or raped? Yes. But is she “act[ing] under the influence of those fears alone”? No: By her own admission, those fears alone had not led her to use deadly force to defend herself before, and wouldn’t have led her to use deadly force in this situation, either. The desire for revenge against the boyfriend, or her feeling of betrayal, is a but-for cause of the killing, though of course the reasonable fear of serious bodily injury or rape is a but-for cause as well.
Under California law, it appears that the woman would be guilty of murder, despite the fact that she was defending herself against attack, because she also had another motive (revenge or hatred). That can’t be right, I think. But that seems to be California law.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Tata International raises SGD 150 million in first perpetual bond saleYou are here: Home > Collections > Singapore
Tata International raises SGD 150 million in first perpetual bond sale
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 11.24PM IST
(The issue got close to seven…)
MUMBAI: The global trading arm of the over USD 103 billion Tata Group, Tata International, has raised 150 million Singapore dollars in an overseas bond sale, priced at 6.65 per cent.
This is the first-ever perpetual bond issuance in the Singapore debt market by a domestic company, as also the largest sole-advisor led transaction from country in recent years, according to the merchant banker HSBC.
The issue got close to seven times over-subscription, enabling the company to tighten pricing to 6.65 per cent, HSBC said.
The company could not be immediately contacted for a comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LSE to delist Ranbaxy GDR programme from Dec 15Luxembourg Stock Exchange to delist Ranbaxy GDR programme with effect from December 15
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Bank of New York Mellon
(Ranbaxy Laboratories today…)
NEW DELHI: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories today said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
In view of the proposed termination of the deposit agreement on December 15, 2014, the LSE will de-list the GDS from the official list and withdraw the trading of GDS on the Euro MTF Market of the LSE with effect from December 15, 2014, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
The company said it has received a letter from LSE in this regard.
Earlier this month, the company had said that it has notified the Bank of New York Mellon to terminate the Deposit Agreements dated July 7, 1994 and underlying Global Depository Receipts (GDR) programme.
Ranbaxy shares today closed at Rs 632.10 apiece on the BSE, up 1.34 per cent from their previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GDP growth to be in 5.5-5.9% range: FM Arun JaitleyArun Jaitley
(For 2014-15, the minister…)
NEW DELHI: Declining prices of crude oil and food will help lower inflation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today and expressed confidence that economic growth in the current fiscal will be in the 5.5-5.9 per cent range.
"The major priority of the government is to bring back growth momentum into country's economy. The Indian economy has potential for achieving and sustaining higher growth," Jaitley said while addressing the Consultative Committee meeting here.
For 2014-15, the minister expects that the growth could be in the range of 5.5-5.9 per cent, said a Finance Ministry statement after the meeting.
Jaitley outlined major priorities of the government as reviving and sustaining higher GDP growth, increasing savings, fiscal consolidation, keeping the Current Account Deficit at moderate level and reviving investment cycle, among others.
Decline in investments and the manufacturing sector output pulled down the economic growth in last two fiscals to below 5 per cent. Economy grew at 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Jaitley said the recent decline in international oil prices as also domestic food items point towards lower inflation in the coming months.
WPI inflation moderated to 5-year low of 2.38 per cent mainly on account of decline in food prices.
"The capital flows to finance Current Account Deficit is adequate and further moderation in CAD can be expected in 2014-15 due to lower oil prices," Jaitley said.
CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign currency, touched a record high of 4.7 per cent in 2012-13 fiscal. It came down to 1.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Meanwhile, Brent crude futures fell below USD 86 a barrel. The oil benchmark has fallen more than 9 per cent so far in October.
Jaitley also outlined boosting manufacturing sector growth, infrastructure sector and exports, tackling food inflation, rationalising subsidies and reforms in direct and indirect taxes as his priority areas.
"Higher growth leads to more revenue collections, better employment opportunities and increase in Government's capacity to finance social sector programmes," he said.
The meeting was attended by Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs, besides five secretaries in the Finance Ministry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

End of QE didn t spoil Wall St. partyPunch bowl is gone, party goes on
By: David Craig October 31, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
There’s an old saying that the more things change, the more they stay the same.
And that’s exactly the case on Wall Street now that the Federal Reserve has finally taken away the punch bowl of stock-friendly stimulus known as QE.
Back in September, the Fed signaled it was on track to end its bond-buying program, known as quantitative easing. And sure enough, on Wednesday following its latest two-day meeting, the Fed said it is doing exactly that.
The various phases of QE have been credited with being a big driver for Wall Street’s powerful stock rally the past four years. If you thought yanking a rug like that out from underneath the stock market would have a negative effect, think again.
On Sept. 17, the day the Fed’s last meeting ended, the Dow Jones industrials closed at 17,157, which was then a record. Following a big rally Thursday, the Dow is about 40 points above that and 0.5% from setting a new high.
Granted, a lot happened in between the two Fed meetings, including a near miss with what was almost the stock market’s first 10% correction in more than three years. But that’s just a bad memory now.
One concrete takeaway is that all the concerns about Wall Street being able to wean itself off the steady stream of additional joy juice that the Fed has been feeding it so far have proved groundless. And now focus in the stock market is shifting to the more traditional fundamentals, such as economic data and earnings reports.
And speaking of earnings, the news on that front might be part of what is helping ease any QE withdrawal pains.
Analysts expect S&P 500 earnings this quarter to be up nearly 9% from a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters. And now, more than halfway through earnings reporting season, three-quarters of companies are doing even better than expected.

Big ease  by Japan stokes global rallySHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Japanese stocks soar nearly 5% as fresh stimulus measures by Bank of Japan fuels global stock rally. (Photo: EPA/CHRISTOPHER JUE)
A surprise move by the Bank of Japan to boost stimulus measures sparked a global stock rally Friday that began in Tokyo, spread to Europe and then to the U.S., where the Dow was up nearly 200 points in pre-market trading.
In what amounts to a massive easing in monetary policy by Japan in its fight to stave off deflation, the Japanese central bank upped the amount of money it’s pumping into the system. The announcement, which caught investors by surprise, also included new and more aggressive asset purchases. The BofJ said it would boost its purchases of Japanese government bonds and buy more long-term bonds, as well as exchange traded funds that track Japan’s benchmark stock index and real estate investment trusts.
“The Bank of Japan surprised markets,” Barclays told clients in a report.
The BofJ’s move to boost stimulus wasn’t the only good news coming out of Japan Friday. Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) also surprised markets by announcing a major shift in where it will invest its assets, which total nearly 127 trillion yen, or $1.13 trillion in U.S. dollars, according to Citibank. The GPIF said it was making a major shift in its investment strategy and plans to substantially boost its investments in higher-risk assets, such as stocks.
The GPIF announced plans to double its investments in both Japanese stocks and foreign stocks, boosting the share of the investment pie for each asset class to 25% from 12%. At the same time, it slashed its target for domestic Japanese bonds to 35% from 60%. Overall, the fund’s total stock holdings will swell to 50%, up from 25%, which amounts to U.S. $565 billion in assets devoted to stock investments.
The move by the GPIF is bullish for stocks as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The goal: to preempt a return to a “deflationary mindset,” boost demand for products and services, and cheapen its currency so its exports are more competitive. The Japanese yen weakened by more than 2% vs. the U.S. dollar, hitting its lowest level vs. the dollar in seven years.
Here’s how stock markets around the globe reacted to the news:
* The Nikkei 225, Japan’s benchmark stock index, soared 755.56 points, or 4.83%, to 16,413.76, its highest close in seven years.
* Asian bourses followed the Nikkei higher. Shares rose 1.25% on Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index, China’s Shanghai index rose 1.22%, and India’s Sensex was up 1.9%.
* Europe stocks were up in early trading. The German DAX, France’s CAC 40 and the U.K.’s FTSE 100 were all up 1.8% or more.
* Wall Street stock futures were on the move, putting the major U.S. stock indexes on track to make record highs again. At 7:20 a.m. ET in pre-market trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 181 points, or 1.1%, and the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was 1.1% higher. U.S. stocks have been rallying sharply since mid-February, powered by strong corporate earnings, the economy’s return to a growth rate in excess of 3% and fading fears related to the Ebola virus and global growth scare.
The aggressive stimulus measures by BofJ governor Haruhiko Kuroda comes at a time when the U.S. Federal Reserve is pulling back on market stimulus and support. Like the BofJ, the European Central Bank is also upping its stimulus in an attempt to stave off slow growth and dangerously low inflation.
 

Virgins spaceship crashes during test flight  pilot killedVirgin spaceship crashes in US desert, pilot dead
By AFP | 1 Nov, 2014, 02.41AM IST
This handout file image obtained October 31, 2014, courtesy of NASA and Mars Scientific/Clay Center Observatory shows SpaceShipTwo as it completed its second powered flight on September 5,2013 over the Mojave desert.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CAPE CANAVERAL: Virgin Galactic's first commercial spacecraft crashed Friday during a test flight over California, scattering debris over the desert and leaving at least one pilot dead, officials said.
Television images showed the wreckage of SpaceShipTwo, a test vehicle that flies to the edge of space, amid brush in the desert east of Mojave, a few hours' drive northeast of Los Angeles.
The incident is second disaster involving a US spacecraft this week, after an unmanned Orbital Science rocket carrying supplie to the International Space Station exploded after launch on Tuesday.
It is also a huge blow to British tycoon Richard Branson's long-held dream of offering the first commercial space flights.
The Virgin chief made no immediate comment on the accident. "During the test, the vehicle suffered a serious anomaly resulting in the loss of SpaceShipTwo. Our first concern is the status of the pilots," the firm said in a tweet.
Virgin Galactic said the fate of the pilots was unknown but the California Highway Patrol confirmed reports that one pilot had died another was serious injured, and taken to hospital.
"We will work closely with relevant authorities to determine the cause of this accident and provide updates as soon as we are able to do so," Virgin said.
Officials were due to give a press conference at 2:00 pm (2100 GMT) to release more details of the accident, according to the KGET local TV station.
The spaceship had been carried aloft on a bigger aircraft known as WhiteKnightTwo and then released for a test of its rocket engine above the Mojave desert, in what was the 35th such flight.
"SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely," the firm wrote in a blow-by-blow account of the flight, adding: "Ignition! SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again."
The next tweet announced the "anomaly", followed by the series confirming the crash. The company added that WhiteKnightTwo had landed safely after the accident.
More than 500 people have already reserved seats -- and paid a deposit on the $200,000 ticket price -- for a minutes-long suborbital flight on SpaceShipTwo, which can carry six passengers.
It is the commercial version of SpaceShipOne, the first private spacecraft to reach the edge of space in 2004, and which is now on display at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington.
Private companies are rushing to fill the gap left by NASA, which ended its 30-year shuttle program in July with the completion of the final Atlantis mission to the International Space Station (ISS).
Friday's incident is the second involving a space craft this week, after the Orbital Science rocket exploded six seconds after launch on a resupply mission to the ISS.
Initial investigations into that explosion centered on the pair of rocket engines providing its thrust, which were made during the Soviet era and refurbished.
The Ukrainian-designed AJ-26 engines date back to the 1960s and 1970s, and Aerojet Rocketdyne of Sacramento, California has a stockpile that it refurbishes for Orbital Sciences.
Virgin Galactic's spacecraft breaks up on test flight...
of 9
Virgin Galactic's spacecraft breaks up
Text: AP
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo blew apart after being released from a carrier aircraft at high altitude.
The winged spaceship designed to take tourists on excursions beyond Earth's atmosphere broke up during a test flight over the Mojave Desert, killing a pilot in the second fiery setback for commercial space travel in less than a week.
One pilot died
One pilot was found dead inside the spacecraft and another parachuted out and was flown by helicopter to a hospital.
In pic: A piece of debris is seen near the scene of the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo near Cantil, California.
Crash area
The crash area was about 120 miles (193 kilometers) north of downtown Los Angeles and 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the Mojave Air and Space Port, where the mid-morning flight originated.
In pic: This image from video by KABC TV Los Angeles shows wreckage of SpaceShipTwo in Southern California's Mojave Desert.
Accident
The accident occurred just as it seemed commercial space flights were near, after a period of development that lasted far longer than hundreds of prospective passengers had expected.
In pic: A piece of debris is seen near the scene of the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo near Cantil, California.
Brief rocket firing
This flight marked the 55th for SpaceShipTwo, which was intended to be the first of a fleet of craft. This was only the fourth flight to include a brief rocket firing.
The rockets fire after the spacecraft is released from the underside of a larger carrying plane. During other flights, the craft either was not released from its mothership or functioned as a glider after release.
In pic: The Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo rocket explodes in the air during a test flight.
Next

FOREX-Yen slammed by BoJ easing  falls to near-seven year lowFOREX-Yen slammed by BoJ easing  falls to near-seven year low
Meet the new ICCR chief: Modi avatar of god  bigger thanGandhiPrint
‘Has affected the poor more than Karl Marx’. (Express photo by Shubhajit Roy)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:14 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:17 am
He is fluent in 16 languages, has over 596 publications to his name, and was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2006 for “his contributions to academic life and public discourse”, but when Lokesh Chandra was appointed as India’s cultural czar Thursday, quite a few eyebrows were raised.
Why would the BJP government choose an 87-year-old Indira Gandhi loyalist, with links to leaders of the erstwhile Soviet Union, for its first big-ticket appointment in the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) — as president of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), the country’s cultural interface with the world?
The answer becomes clearer when Chandra begins to list the qualities that he admires in Prime Minister Narendra Modi. For Chandra, Modi is a “man of ideas, not of ideology”; who from a practical point of view “supercedes” Mahatma Gandhi; who has made “a much more meaningful impact” on the lives of the poor than Karl Marx; and who is virtually an incarnation of God (“woh bhagwan ke avatar hain”).
Dressed in a white khadi kurta and dhoti, Chandra — who will head ICCR for the next three years — explains the reason for this big swing from a Congressman to a self-avowed Modi fan, in an interview with The Indian Express. “I have been a Congressman all my life. I was close to Indira Gandhi, I had personal relationships with several top leaders of the erstwhile Soviet Union. But for Modi, politics is only till the elections. After the polls, he is only thinking of the country.”
And that’s not all. “He (Modi) is very open in approach. He has never been vindictive. He rises above all political affiliations, and for him, national concerns are important. For the poor, he is like God. Unke liye, woh bhagwan ke avtaar hain (for the poor, he is an incarnation of God)… Look at his Jan Dhan scheme. Karl Marx wrote so many volumes on poverty, but what was his real contribution? Modi has made a much more meaningful impact to the lives of these poor.”
“Modiji”, says Chandra, “in some aspects, supercedes Gandhi when it comes to (a) practical approach.”
”He (Modi) kept a fast for nine days (during Navratra), and kept working, woh bhagwan ke avtar hain (he is an incarnation of the God). This shows he has great attachment to values, and India is based on a value system. He doesn’t have any foreign back accounts and black money. He doesn’t have a son or a son-in-law. For him, the country is his son and son-in-law. India needs such a PM.”
Chandra’s reply to another question – on some of his plans as the new ICCR chief – also provides enough clues to his appointment. He wants to connect India to south-east Asian countries through programmes based on the Mahabharata and Ramayana. He continued…

How many does it take to kill 2 733 people: 1984 30 yearslaterCopyright © The Indian Express ltd. All Rights Reserved
Powerd by Wordpress VIP

Kerala Finance Minister asked for Rs 5 cr  we paid him Rs 1crPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:24 am
The Congress-led Kerala government Friday received two severe blows within hours in its drive to shut bars in the state.
First, a Kerala High Court division bench stayed an order of its single bench which ruled Thursday that only 4-star, 5-star and heritage hotels could operate bar licences in the state. Later, the head of the state’s association of bar owners alleged that the state Finance Minister had accepted a bribe of Rs 1 crore from its representatives to facilitate the renewal of licences of 418 bar across all categories.
It is the second charge that could put Chief Minister Minister Oommen Chandy in a tight spot. For, Finance Minister K M Mani heads the Kerala Congress (M), a regional Christian-dominated party that is a key ally propping up the government in power.
In a late night press conference, the bar owners’ association representative Biju Ramesh told TV channels that Mani had sought Rs 5 crore for facilitating the renewal of the licences of the 418 hotel bars that had been identified by excise officials as “sub-standard” and closed since April.
Mani later accepted Rs 1 crore which was delivered at his residence in Kottayam’s Pala, Ramesh alleged. “I am ready to undergo any lie detection test in this regard. The minister had demanded Rs 5 crore, but we have given him Rs 1 crore. I am ready to give evidence to any investigating agency in this regard,’’ said Ramesh.
Minutes later, the political fallout of that allegation started playing out with P C George, a leader and spokesperson of KC (M), accused Chandy of instigating the bar owners against Mani. “Why is Mani being singled out in this issue?’’ asked George. BJP state president V Muraleedharan demanded that Mani should be sacked from the Cabinet.
Ramesh, meanwhile, claimed that he would reveal tomorrow the names of the association members who had handed over the money to the minister.
Earlier, the High Court division bench ordered status quo to be maintained in the case for the next one month. Accordingly, the division bench allowed functioning of 250-odd three-star bar hotels, which the government wanted to close down from Friday.
The directive was in response to a writ petition filed by the hotel bar owners in the division bench of Justice Thottathil Radhakrishnan and Babu Mathew Joseph.
The division bench found that there was discrimination in the government policy, which facilitated drinking for the “elite class” only.
The court also expressed doubts about the intention of the government in enforcing prohibition when state beverages corporation outlets were still open. The corporation has been handling 80 per cent of the liquor distribution in the state. The court said it would consider the petition again, on November 18.
The ruling drew mixed reactions from the political class with Congress state president V M Sudheeran – the man behind the prohibition move – saying that the verdict did not reflect the sentiments of the people.
However, opposition leader and CPM veteran V S Achuthanandan said the ruling only confirmed that the liquor policy of the government continued…

Mexico police questioned in killing of threeAmericansThe exterior of Mexico's Medical Forensic Service (SEMEFO) where the bodies of three US citizens are being held in Matamoros.
By: Associated Press | Matamoros | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:19 am
Authorities were investigating on Friday a possible police connection to the killing of three US citizens visiting their father in Mexico who were found shot to death along with a Mexican friend more than two weeks after going missing.
Parents of the three siblings, whose bodies were identified Thursday, have said witnesses reported they were seized by men dressed in police gear calling themselves “Hercules,” a tactical security unit in the violent border city of Matamoros wracked by cartel infighting. Nine of the unit’s 40 officers are being questioned, Tamaulipas state Attorney General Ismael Quintanilla Acosta said.
It would be the third recent case of alleged abuse and killings by Mexican security forces.
The country is already convulsed by the case of 43 students from a teachers college in the southern state of Guerrero, their disappearance blamed on a mayor and police working with a drug cartel. Fifty-six people are under arrest, including dozens of police officers.
In a separate case in June, soldiers killed 22 suspected gang members in Mexico state, then altered the scene and intimidated witnesses to hide the fact that most of the dead were executed after they surrendered, a National Commission on Human Rights report said last week. Three soldiers face murder charges.
“We will apply the full force of the law and zero tolerance,” Tamaulipas Governor Egidio Torre Cantu said of the latest case, lamenting the death of the three Americans and a Mexican citizen, even though their identities had yet to be confirmed by DNA.
Presidential spokesman Eduardo Sanchez declined to comment when asked about the newest case. The US Embassy said it was aware of the reports but had no information to share “due to privacy considerations.”
The father of the three Americans, Pedro Alvarado, identified his children from photographs of the bodies showing tattoos, Quintanilla told Radio Formula. Clothing found with the bodies also matched that of Erica Alvarado Rivera, 26, and her brothers, Alex, 22, and Jose Angel, 21, who disappeared October 13 along with Jose Guadalupe Castaneda Benitez, Erica Alvarado’s 32-year-old boyfriend.
Each was shot in the head and the bodies were burned, most likely from lying in the hot sun for so long, Quintanilla said.
Tamaulipas authorities said it could take 24 to 48 hours for DNA tests to further confirm that the bodies were those of the Alvarado siblings, who were last seen in El Control, a small town near the Texas border west of Matamoros, about to return home to Progreso, Texas.
“They were good kids,” said an aunt, Nohemi Gonzalez. “I don’t know why they did that to them.”
The three siblings shared their mother’s modest brick home on a quiet street in Progreso less than three miles from the border. Erica, who has four children continued…

Why originality is overrated when it comes to TV  and...0
We're a long way from most decisions on what goes to series and what doesn't. Yet reportedly in the pipeline are projects based on the movies "American Gigolo," "Bachelor Party," "Ghost," "Terminator," "Rush Hour," "Monster in Law," "Hitch," "The Truman Show," "The Illusionist," "In Good Company," "Real Genius" and "Minority Report."
Never mind series remakes that might include "In the Heat of the Night," "Bewitched," "The Courtship of Eddie's Father," and "Lost in Space." And then there's Neil Patrick Harris' bid to revive the long-dormant genre of variety show for NBC, using a template from British TV.
"In a perfect world," Harris told Charlie Rose on PBS, "in five years, I'm Ed Sullivan."
But presumably alive and well. Ditto for TV variety.
Fox has been thinking about special projects involving "Grease" and "Big." "Desperate Housewives" creator Marc Cherry is tinkering with a non-musical "Phantom of the Opera." "Frankenstein" is another possibility.
Discussion of an NBC series based on "Say Anything" was snuffed when writer and director Cameron Crowe and film star John Cusack voiced their disapproval. The families of the late John Hughes and John Candy have indicated they would wish the same at ABC for a new "Uncle Buck," which CBS unsuccessfully converted to a TV series in 1990.
"Buck" was one of eight series adapted from movies that hit the air that year, along with "Ferris Bueller," "Adventures of the Black Stallion," "Working Girl," "Swamp Thing," "The Outsiders," "Bagdad Cafe" and "Parenthood," which lasted just three months on NBC despite a young Leonardo DiCaprio in the cast.
A newer "Parenthood," launched in 2010, is one of the best shows on NBC today and stands as proof that just because it's an old or failed idea doesn't make it a bad one. An old property can be made new with the right creative juice. That this iteration is in its final season merely resets the clock for its next potential comeback.
It's one thing to read that Fox is developing a series called "Riverdale," based on the "Archie" comics. It's another to read "Archie" Chief Creative Officer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa tell comicbookresources.com that: "Something we talk a lot about is: Imagine if Riverdale were like 'Twin Peaks,' and was a really weird small town."
Oh, yeah. Look for a "Twin Peaks" revival in 2016 on Showtime.
This sort of thing is practically built into TV's DNA. The invaluable pre-Internet reference guide of Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh, "The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows," tracks the practice all the way back to 1949, when three shows had movie ties. Between 1964 and '65, alone, a dozen prime-time series based on feature films made their debut — including "Flipper," "Peyton Place" and "Gidget" — and there were only three networks then.
So not even this re-tread thing is new or original.
Steve Jobs could talk about how people didn't know what they wanted until he gave it to them. But just as surely as not everyone is Steve Jobs, that doesn't always work.
We're ineffably drawn to brands and products to which we've grown accustomed and comfortable. We may find we don't like them the way we once did, but that's another matter.
If we get bored watching TV, we can always go to the supermarket and count the number of different Oreos products.

Core sector grows in slow motionCore sector grows in slow motion
Japan puts Sensex on highJapan puts Sensex on high
Free ATM transactions to be curtailed from SaturdayFree ATM transactions to be curtailed from Saturday
U.S. Stocks Surge; Dow  S&P 500 Hit Closing RecordsU.S. Stocks Surge; Dow  S&P 500 Hit Closing Records
Bosch group chief calls for labour reformsUpdated: October 31, 2014 01:08 IST
Bosch group chief calls for labour reforms
Special Correspondent
company information
Bosch Board of Management Chairman Volkmar Denner wants India to roll out labour reforms, especially those that enhance productivity and help companies become competitive globally.
Progressive labour reforms are fundamental prerequisite, he said, while welcoming the ‘Make in India’ campaign of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Addressing presspersons here on Thursday, he hinted that future investments of Bosch could be linked to reforms.
His emphasis on labour reforms assumes significance as it came in the backdrop of Bosch’s auto parts unit in Bangalore facing labour unrest.
To a question, he said the intention was to continue on the path of investment “provided the labour conditions allow us to be competitive.”
He pointed to free trade zones across Asia and how they were set to increase. He urged India, to compare with itself with others in Asia and pursue labour reforms. The cost benefits of operating out of one of FTZs, he added, varied depending on the product, material and labour content.
Asked about the strike at the Bangalore facility, he said it was a concern given that Bosch maintained “very close, very good relations with employees and labour unions… pays wages and benefits to its workers that belong to the upper range of the standards. Our expectation is that we will find an amicable solution soon [to the strike].” Compromises were not uncommon during such negotiations, but they could not be at the cost of competitiveness of the company, he asserted.
On the ‘Make in India’ campaign, Mr. Denner felt it was too early to judge since many of the announcements were still to come into effect.
About the research and development activities of Bosch in India, Mr. Denner said the engineers working out of Bangalore and Coimbatore contributed significantly to the innovations that Bosch.
Mr. Denner said India had an important role to play in fulfilling the group’s target to double sales in the Asia Pacific by 2020.
“Our business is developing especially well in Asia Pacific. Over the past ten years, we have been able to double our sales in this region. It is our target to double them once again,” he told presspersons here.
Stating that the country continued to offer promising opportunities for Bosch and its product range in the fields of mobility, infrastructure, energy, security, manufacturing and healthcare, he said economic indicators about India “give us much cause for optimism – especially after the recent elections.” Bosch, he said, since 2010, had invested Rs.5,400 crore to establish new production plants, expanding research and development centres and on existing facilities.
“Today, we employ more than 27,000 associates in India. The number has doubled within five years, and is expected to grow further,” he said, adding that it reflected Bosch’s firm belief in the country’s growth potential.

Bank of Japan Redoubles Efforts to Revive EconomyThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Watch Officials Discuss SpaceShipTwo Crashwatch officials discuss spaceshiptwo crash
Gold s turning pointgold s turning point
Shadow Banking grows to a $75-trillion industryAgustin Carstens
(The shadow banking industry…)
NEW YORK: The shadow banking industry grew by $5 trillion to about $75 trillion worldwide last year, driven by lenders seeking to skirt regulations and investors searching for yield amid record low interest rates.
The size of the shadow banking system, which includes hedge funds, real estate investment trusts and off-balance sheet investment vehicles, is about 120 per cent of global GDP , or a quarter of total financial assets, according to a report published by the Financial Stability Board . Shadow banking "tends to take off when strict banking regulations are in place, when real interest rates and yield spreads are low and investors search for higher returns, and when there is a large institutional demand for assets," according to the report.
"The current environment in advanced economies seems conducive to further growth of shadow banking." While watchdogs have reined in excessive risk-taking by banks they are concerned that lenders might use shadow banking to evade the clampdown and cause risks to build up out of sight of regulators.
"Risks can migrate outside of the core and as a result, the FSB's shadow banking monitoring exercise is of the utmost importance," Agustin Carstens , who heads up the FSB's risk assessment committee, said in the statement. The FSB, a global financial policy group comprised of regulators and central bankers, found that shadow banking increased most rapidly in Argentina , which saw a 50 per cent jump, and China, where growth was more than 30 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Airtel reviewing media agency pitchBharti Airtel reviewing media agency pitch
Pritha Mitra Dasgupta, ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 04.03AM IST
Tags:
Aegis
(The company has just finished…)
KOLKATA: Bharti Airtel , India's largest mobile carrier by revenue and subscribers, has called for a media agency pitch. It is touted as one of the biggest advertising pitches of 2014.
The company has just finished the process of sending out invites to leading media agencies including Sam Balsara-led Madison World, which has been handling the account for the past 11 years.
According to people in the know, other agencies in the fray include one of GroupM agencies, Lodestar, Dentsu Aegis Network, OMD and ZenithOptimedia. The account is estimated to be worth Rs 300-350 crore a year.
"Airtel has made all the media agencies sign a nondisclosure agreement barring them from talking about the pitch process," said an executive with knowledge of the matter.
Airtel has been calling for media pitches once every five years and the last time it reviewed the account was in early 2010, he said.
Airtel didn't respond an email seeking comment. A top executive at the company said it "is just a part of the evolution process" as it periodically reviews the contract.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cos file review pleas over coal block cancel...Companies file review pleas in SC over coal block cancellation
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 04.16AM IST
Tags:
comptroller and auditor general
(At least 18 companies including…)
NEW DELHI: At least 18 companies including a bank have filed petitions before the Supreme Court seeking a review of its decision to cancel coal blocks allocated to private firms between 1993 and 2011 and levy penalties on coal extracted.
"We have requested the Supreme Court to review block cancellation and levy of Rs 295 per tonne. The Comptroller and Auditor General appropriated this amount as a loss to the exchequer but it cannot be used as a yardstick to penalise the coal block allottees," said an executive with one of the firms that have filed a petition.
The petitioners want to know the outcome of their appeal at the earliest as the government has already issued an ordinance to initiate the auction of the coal blocks, added the executive, requesting anonymity.
Companies that were awarded coal blocks before 2004 also argued that cancellation is not desirable since the government did not have a competitive bidding system in place for block allocation at the time.
The companies were supposed to file their review petitions within a month from the order dated September 24. However, the Supreme Court extended the time limit to October 27 due to festive season. The court order last month had resulted in cancellation of more than 200 coal blocks awarded to private firms.
Jindal Steel & Power, Monnet Ispat, Usha Martin and Essar are among the worst affected firms that made sizeable investments in power, steel and cement projects to be fuelled by coal from their respective blocks.
Among the lenders, State Bank of India, Uco Bank, IDBI and Punjab National Bank are fearing challenges in recovering loans given to project developers that are facing uncertainties following cancellation of blocks.
It could not be confirmed whether central and state public sector units have also filed the review petition. Utilities of Karnataka, West Bengal and Punjab, besides central PSU Damodar Valley Corporation were producing coal from their respective blocks and the Supreme Court judgment to levy production based penalty is expected to take its toll on their finances.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spacecraft for Tourists Explodes on Test FlightThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Mahindra net dips by 4% to Rs 947 croreMahindra net dips by 4% to Rs 947 crore
No commitment yet by Fadnavis on removal of road toll or local body taxNo commitment yet by Fadnavis on removal of road toll or local body tax
Former Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson - The man who barely existedFormer Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson - The man who barely existed
Block & Leviton LLP Informs Purchasers of Securities in American Realty Capital Properties  Inc. s May 21  2014 ..Block & Leviton LLP Informs Purchasers of Securities in American Realty Capital Properties  Inc. s May 21  2014 ..
Harley-Davidson launches 3 new motorcyclesautomobile
Performance cruiser Breakout, Rs.16.28 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), will be assembled at its Bawal plant in Haryana.
Harley-Davidson on Thursday launched three new motorcycles. Performance cruiser Breakout, launched at a price of Rs.16.28 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), is the latest addition to the Harley-Davidson’s Softail family of motorcycles.
According to a statement from the company, Breakout will be assembled at its plant in Bawal in Haryana.
It is the first bike in the company’s line-up here to offer a Hard Candy Custom metal flake colour, Quicksilver Flake.
Harley-Davidson’s Street Glide Special is a fully-loaded version of the popular performance Touring model equipped with a high output twin cam 103 powertrain, boom box 6.5 GT infotainment system, batwing fairing and splitstream vent and dual halogen headlamps. It is priced at Rs.29.70 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Custom Vehicle Operations
The company also launched CVO (Custom Vehicle Operations), which is priced at Rs.49.24 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
According to the company, these are limited edition hand-crafted originals. “The motorcycles launched today have always had an incredibly passionate following in India, making this an exciting even for our customer and our company,” Harley-Davidson India Managing Director Anoop Prakash said in the statement. Harley-Davidson offers 13 models in India with 15 dealerships across the country and the new bikes are available at dealerships from Thursday.

High price of cheap oilChina and India are set to become the two largest importers of Persian Gulf oil.
Written by Praveen Swami | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:11 am
It was alchemy, a dark magic beyond human comprehension: the evil-smelling, toxic sludge being pumped out from the bowels of the earth in ever greater quantities was turning all it touched into gold. From his lavish office in Caracas, Juan Pablo Perez Alfonso, founder of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), had watched entire nations transfigured by the unimaginable wealth their oil had brought. And yet, that afternoon in 1976, as he spoke to the scholar Terry Lynn Karl, Perez Alfonso seemed strangely pessimistic. “Ten years from now,” he told her, “20 years from now, you will see, oil will bring us ruin.” “We are drowning”, he went on, “in the devil’s excrement.”
Nearly 50 years from that day in Caracas, it is hard not to hail Perez Alfonso as a prophet. The devil’s excrement brought untold wealth to West Asia-North Africa, but it also throttled education and industry, leaving the world’s largest oil exporters poorer, relative to the world’s great economies, than they had been. It sustained despotisms, paving the way for civil war and terrorism. Indeed, it opened the door to endless war: the United States has fought in the region 14 times since 1980, in interventions to keep oil sources and shipping routes secure.
In the coming decades, China and India are set to become the two largest importers of Persian Gulf oil. Their economic growth and the lives of billions will depend on their access to reliable, affordable energy. The withdrawal of the US from global oil markets is pushing down oil prices, which is great news for India’s economy, and the reason Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been able to deregulate diesel. The bad news is that since the US has less reason to commit its troops to securing oil-producing regions in the Persian Gulf, India will have to start paying the bill in cash — and blood.
Last summer, the world changed, without a single newspaper headline to herald the transformation: the US replaced Saudi Arabia as the world’s largest oil producer. Industry studies make it clear that the boom in natural gas and oil production, enabled by new technologies like hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, will increase the US’s oil production by 50 per cent or more by 2050. In a recent study, the Brookings Institution concluded it was “on track to become the dominant player in global energy markets”.
To understand just how significant this development is, one has to travel back five decades, when the Opec cartel sent crude oil prices hurtling up: in 1970, it was under $20 at today’s prices, but by 1979 it had already touched the current levels of over $90. In addition to this blow to the global economy, there was a series of geopolitical shocks: the revolution continued…

An escape from ideologyIntizar traced his literary lineage to Meeraji, Manto and Muhammad Hasan Askari, all averse to mixing art with political ardor.
Written by Khaled Ahmed | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:13 am
Pakistani novelist Intizar Husain was awarded the French honour, Officier de L’Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters), this year by Ambassador Philippe Thiébaud at a hotel in Lahore. After Manto, he is the best-known Pakistani writer in the world.
What kind of fiction does he write? In his own critique of literature in Dawn earlier this year, he wrote: “One big difficulty with our modern fiction is that it has developed a love for an intellectualised mode of expression. Perhaps it started with the emergence of the trends of symbolism and abstraction in our short story. Firstly, these trends had an intellectual attitude inherent in them. In addition, those were the years when Sartre was very much in vogue in our literary and intellectual circles. We discovered that a philosophy known as existentialism was associated with his name. This came to stay as an added charm to his literary reputation and it worked well with us.”
Intizar writes unpretentiously — an idiom that he spoke at home in Dibai, a village in Uttar Pradesh, has become the way of saying things in his work. What he shuns additionally is all ideology that hands down judgements and threatens civilisation. In his short speech of acceptance, Intizar traced his literary lineage to Meeraji, Manto and Muhammad Hasan Askari, all averse to mixing art with political ardor and who were often equated, barring Askari, with licentious paganism by their straitlaced leftist contemporaries. What he shared with the three was their nexus with the Western literary tradition and their passion for translation.
Of the five novels and hundreds of short stories Intizar wrote, one titled Basti was competently translated into English by Frances W. Pritchett and published by The New York Review of Books and later by HarperCollins in India. Had Manto survived, he could also have become familiar to readers of English instead of being posthumously “discovered” by the West in translation.
Manto didn’t have an interpreter like our enviably bilingual Muhammad Umar Memon editing the Journal of South Asian Literature in the United States, who took out a special issue on Intizar and later translated many of his short stories. Both Pritchett and Memon were lucky for Intizar. Memon succeeds in conveying the tough “internal” language Intizar speaks through his characters.
Pakistan’s literary personality number one has always aroused resentment at home and admiration abroad. Through his modern technique — absorbed when he was reading Western literature — which employed fables and rejected mythologies and religious symbols of extreme suffering and martyrdom, he produced a gloss on the Pakistani experience that, to his conservative and leftist compatriots, appears extremely unpatriotic continued…

The Mesopotamia messUS President Barack Obama’s instinct to not get involved in this mess was right, but he has been pushed into it under domestic and international pressure.
Written by Chinmaya R Gharekhan | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:18 am
Most of the chaos and turmoil in West Asia today can be traced to events during and after World War I. But the different Arab states created out of the Ottoman Empire with artificial boundaries have by now acquired well-established identities and their peoples have developed a sense of nationhood and nationalism strong enough for them to be ready to defend their countries’ sovereignty and territorial integrity. Nor is it necessary to go back to 1947-48, when Israel was created in the Arab heartland, though this too has left scars and enmities that linger. Here again, the Arab states have become realistic enough to accept the fact of Israel’s existence and are ready to do business with it, but for the constraint of the long-festering Palestinian problem.
There are two dates that are appropriate for the purpose of analysing the current mess in Mesopotamia — 2003 and 2011. The former was when the Bush administration launched its intervention in Iraq on false pretences. In 2011, the civil war in Syria started when some of Syria’s neighbours and the West set the ouster of the Assad regime as their highest and sole priority, although for different motives.
The neocons in Washington persuaded George W. Bush to intervene in Iraq, even at the cost of shifting attention and resources away from Afghanistan, to implement their and Israel’s agenda of getting rid — politically and physically — of Saddam Hussein. Saddam’s execution was one thing, the dismantling of the entire state apparatus, including the army, quite another. The operation ignited forces that caused the sectarian divide to deepen there and across the region. Al-Qaeda, which had no presence in Iraq under Saddam’s rule, established one that indulged in massive acts of terror and mayhem. The sectarian tension that had been lying suppressed for centuries burst open; it led to the phenomenon known as the Islamic State (IS). A caliphate as well as a caliph have been proclaimed, with territory, finances and an administration able to raise taxes. But it is also a  ruthless state determined to establish sharia rule and eliminate all opposition, Muslim and non-Muslim, that stands in its way. The IS has the capability to fight conventional battles. Its military commander is reported to be a former vice president of Saddam. The IS has spread from Iraq to Syria, obliterating national boundaries and capturing large swathes of territory in both countries. All this can be traced directly to the American intervention of 2003.
The Syrian civil war might have started as an offshoot of the “Arab Spring”, but it soon morphed into a full-blown conflict involving all the regional countries as well as extra-regional ones like the US. The initial spark, perhaps lit by the events in Tunisia and Egypt in early 2011, continued…

PM Narendra Modi skips event at Indira Gandhi s memorialPrint
Earlier in the day, Modi tweeted:"I join my fellow countrymen & women in remembering former PM Smt. Indira Gandhi on her Punya Tithi."
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:40 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 3:54 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday skipped the event commemorating the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi at the Shakti Sthal memorial where President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice President Hamid Ansari and top leaders of the Congress paid floral tributes to her.
The dignitaries including Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi drove to the memorial where they placed floral wreaths at the spot where she was laid to rest even as Modi flagged off a ‘Unity Run’ to mark 139th birth anniversary of Sardar Patel.
Devotional songs were played at Shakti Sthal. A speech of the late leader was also played on the occasion. There was also an event at her residence where she was shot dead on this day 30 years ago which had been converted into a memorial.
Expressing Congress’ displeasure over government keeping away from the event to pay homage to Gandhi, senior Congress leader Manish Tewari said Indira Gandhi lived and died for the nation and it was the responsibility of every government to honour her sacrifice.
The event at Shakti Sthal, organised by Congress, was attended by party leaders Motilal Vora, M Veerappa Moily, Sushil Kumar  Shinde, Ahmed Patel, Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Digvijay Singh and Shakeel Ahmad besides others.
In the past, Atal Behari Vajpayee as Prime Minister had visited Indira Gandhi’s memorial to pay homage on her death anniversary.
Earlier in the day, Modi tweeted:”I join my fellow countrymen & women in remembering former PM Smt. Indira Gandhi on her Punya Tithi.”
In his address at the Rajpath to commemorate birth anniversary of Patel, India’s first Home Minister, Modi had referred to the day as Indira Gandhi’s death anniversary.
Modi’s ministerial colleague Harsh Vardhan, who is on an official visit in Spain also paid homage to Gandhi.
“Remember Indira Gandhi the former PM of India who had to sacrifice her life on this day thirty years back – shall always be remembered,” he said in a tweet.

Wall Street ends higher | Caps a wild month with a rallyYou are here: Home > Collections
Wall Street caps a wild month with a rally
AP Nov 1, 2014, 01.59AM IST
(The nadir came on Oct. 15,…)
NEW YORK: For stock investors, there was no shortage of drama in October.
Stocks started the month modestly below a record high, only to cascade to their worst slump in two years. But after flirting with a correction, or a 10 percent drop, the U.S. market rebounded and closed at all-time highs on the last day of the month.
All told, U.S. stocks ended October solidly higher, up 2.3 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average capped the rally by rising 195.10 points, or 1.1 percent, to end at 17,390.52 on Friday. The Standard & Poor's 500 rose 23.40 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,018.05 and the Nasdaq composite added 64.60 points, or 1.4 percent, to 4,630.74.
Both the Dow and the S&P 500 closed at record highs.
It's a remarkable turn given the month's volatility, which at times approached levels from the 2008 financial crisis. Then again, the month has an unfortunate history for unsettling moves, with the stock market crashes of 1929 and 1987 both happening in October.
This October, the market's seesaw path was driven by fears that Europe's economy was slipping back into a recession, worries about plunging oil prices and concerns of possible weakness in the U.S. economy. Oh, and don't forget Ebola. Those anxieties sent the market, for the most part, straight down for two weeks.
The nadir came on Oct. 15, when the S&P 500 came with a hair's breadth of going into a correction. Investors had suspected such a drop. The last one occurred in late 2011, and historically corrections happen every 18 months or so.
But just after the market came close to going into a correction, it bounced right back. Strong U.S. corporate earnings were the primary driver of the rebound as well as signs that central banks in Japan and Europe were going to do all they could to stop their economies from dragging everyone else down with them.
``I don't think it's a surprise that we came close to a correction. We've been expecting one for a while. I think the bigger surprise has been how we rip-roared all the way back up,'' said Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. ``When you hit someone over their head with a hammer, you don't expect them to get up immediately.''
U.S. companies have been, for the most part, reporting strong quarterly results the last two weeks. Corporate profits are up 7.3 percent from a year ago, according to FactSet, compared with the 4.5 percent investors had expected at the beginning of the month. And any worries about the U.S. economy earlier in the month evaporated as the data rolled in, mostly recently Thursday's data showing the U.S. economy grew at a 3.5 percent pace last quarter.
Friday's gains were driven by the Bank of Japan, which surprised investors by announcing it would increase its bond and asset purchases by 10 trillion yen to 20 trillion yen ($90.7 billion to $181.3 billion) to about 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually. The announcement came after data showed that the world's third-largest economy remains in the doldrums, with household spending dropping and unemployment ticking up.
Japan's move comes only two days after the U.S. Federal Reserve brought an end to its own bond-buying program. Investors have been hopeful that the European Central Bank might also start buying bonds to stimulate that region's economy by keeping interest rates low and injecting cash into the financial system. That form of stimulus is called quantitative easing, also known among investors as ``QE.''
``The Japanese central bank has taken the QE baton from the Fed, and equity traders couldn't be happier,'' said David Madden, market analyst at IG.
Japan's stock market rose 4.8 percent to the highest level since 2007.
The Japanese currency weakened dramatically following the Bank of Japan's announcement. The yen slumped 2.6 percent against the dollar to 112 yen. The yen is trading at the lowest level in more than five years. Japanese companies typically like a weak Japanese yen because it makes their exported goods cheaper abroad.
European stock markets rose broadly following the Bank of Japan's announcement on hopes that the ECB could be tempted to follow Japan's lead in stepping up stimulus measures. However, few think anything will be announced at the ECB's next policy meeting next Thursday.
``The willingness of the Bank of Japan to ease further in the fight against deflation will encourage those who think the ECB should be doing the same,'' said Julian Jessop, chief global economist at Capital Economics.
Britain's FTSE 100 rose 1.3 percent. France's CAC 40 jumped 2.2 percent and Germany's DAX climbed 2.3 percent.
In other markets, the price of U.S. benchmark crude oil fell 58 cents to $80.54 a barrel in New York as increasing production from OPEC members added to already high global supplies of oil.
Brent crude, used to price oil in international markets, dipped 38 cents to $85.86 in London. In other energy futures trading on the NYMEX, wholesale gasoline fell 2.6 cents to close at $2.169 a gallon, heating oil fell was flat at $2.515 a gallon and natural gas rose 4.6 cents to close at $3.873 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the U.S. 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.31 percent Thursday.
In metals trading, the price of gold fell $27 to $1,171.60 an ounce. Silver fell 31 cents to $16.11 an ounce and copper fell 2 cents to $3.05 a pound.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ecomm cos eye Indians in Silicon Valley to j...Amazon India
(As e-comm cos scale up their…)
NEW DELHI: As e-commerce companies scale up their businesses dramatically, they're being forced to look overseas — Silicon Valley in particular — for people with the skills needed to fill top positions. Flipkart, Quikr, Ibibo-Group, PolicyBazaar, Urban Ladder, CBazaar, Jabong and Caratlane among others are looking to persuade highly qualified Indians and even some expats to shift base and are prepared to pay to get them on board.
Such hires have worked well for Flipkart and Infibeam and they're keen on adding more such employees to their rolls as they expand at breakneck speed.
Online retail in India is expected to grow to $6 billion in size next year, according to research firm Gartner. "We do believe that expats and Indians working abroad bring a different perspective in conducting and scaling the business," said Manu Midha, V-P of planning and strategy at Infibeam. "We are also recruiting for overseas expansion of the platform.
E-commerce in India is witnessing phenomenal growth and has become an attractive option for many techies at senior level with rich experience and knowledge to return (to India) and join the bandwagon."
Flipkart has people with international experience in key positions across technology, retail, marketing, supply chain, corporate development and other departments.
"If we find people that match the job profile and have a passion to succeed, we hire across boundaries as well. For an organisation like Flipkart that is looking to create a world-class experience in the Indian market, this kind of talent adds value," said Mekin Maheshwari, chief people officer at Flipkart.Most such hires are in their late 30s or 40s and are attracted to the prospect of coming home. While pay packets vary, annual salaries are typically pegged at Rs 1.5 crore along with stock options. If there was one event that brought home to e-commerce companies that they needed to get serious about hiring the right people, it was the $1-billion investment in Flipkart. Suddenly, they were about to move out of the shallows and into the deep ocean with such leviathans as Amazon and would need to swim or sink. The advent of the Narendra Modi government with a substantial majority also acted as a tonic, said Mayank Pande, a partner at Amrop India.
 
Arch rivals Flipkart and Amazon have accumulated huge investments to power their growth. Flipkart has raised more than $1.2 billion this year, while Snapdeal has received about $850 million, including the funding from SoftBank this week. Amazon India got a commitment of $2 billion from its parent in July. Naturally, staffing is surging: By the end of the fiscal year, Flipkart will increase employee count to an estimated 26,000 and Snapdeal to 3,600. Flipkart's numbers include hiring for its logistics arm. Much of the talent pool available locally is not as evolved as those found overseas. "We are compelled to look at Silicon Valley and are in the process of shortlisting a few names for our clients," said Pande. "Most ecommerce companies (with sound funding) as well as brick and mortar companies looking at building/strengthening their e-commerce business are looking at Silicon Valley for experienced, evolved cutting-edge talent." Vikram Chhachhi of Heidrick and Struggles agreed with this.
"Niche talent required for the e-commerce space lies globally as the existing domestic pool of talent in technology and supply chain relevant for these companies is scarce," said Chhachhi, a principal at its Mumbai office and a member of the global consumer markets practice.
He pointed out that e-commerce companies themselves weren't prepared for this kind of growth. Having people with the requisite knowledge has become even more critical to sustain rising volume and cope with competition. "Else many companies will soon go bust if they fail to attract best talent," Chhachhi said.CBazaar, formerly Chennaibazaar, gets close to 90% of its revenue from overseas. It's looking for a chief financial officer and a marketing head.
"We have not come across anyone (locally) who can understand our business and help us to grow it. We are now exploring talent in the US through headhunters and our network," said CBazaar chief executive officer and co-founder Rajesh Nahar. The company, which is funded by Inventus Capital Partners and Ojas Venture Partners, is eyeing another round of funding.
Infibeam, which is heading for an initial public offering, recently hired Soumya Banerjee to head its digital initiatives. The company intends to gain from his experience in the new technologies space, said Midha. The company has also hired Parag Raval, who is currently working in the CEO's office at Infibeam. Before this, Raval was the founder of ConsulTeam, a Californiabased strategy, financial and management consulting firm.

Canada restricts visas amid EbolascareCanada has joined Australia in suspending entry visas for people from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa.
By: Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:51 am
Canada has joined Australia in suspending entry visas for people from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa in an attempt to keep the deadly disease away.
Canada’s Conservative government said Friday it is suspending visa applications for residents and nationals of countries with “widespread and persistent-intense transmission” of Ebola virus disease.
Canada has not yet had a case of Ebola. Canadians, including health-care workers, in West Africa will be permitted to travel back to Canada, the government said.
The countries most severely hit by the worst Ebola outbreak ever are Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. Canada receives very few travelers from those countries, which have no direct flights to Canada.
A similar move by Australia was slammed Wednesday by Dr. Margaret Chan, the World Health Organization’s director general, who said closing borders won’t stop spread of the Ebola virus.
Canadian Health Minister Rona Ambrose said in a statement the “number one priority is to protect Canadians.” Canadian Immigration Minister Jason Alexander said the government would act in the “best interests of Canadians.”
Kevin Menard, a spokesman for Alexander, said the move is similar to but a bit less restrictive than the one the Australian government announced this week. He later called it “considerably different.”
“We have instituted a pause, but there is room for discretion and if we can be assured that someone is not infected with Ebola,” Menard said in an email after declining to comment on the phone. He said the government was “doing anything we can to keep Ebola from coming to Canada.”
Nancy Caron, a spokesman for Citizenship and Immigration Canada, said that “a number of African countries have imposed stricter travel bans as have several other countries around the world. Other countries such as the United States have started to place restrictions on travelers from countries with Ebola outbreaks.”
The government said Canadian citizens or foreign nationals with a visa and foreign nationals who do not require visas will continue to be screened at ports of entry in Canada and will be subject to appropriate health screening.
Declining to criticize the move, an Obama administration official said Friday that Canada remains an important partner in the effort to stop Ebola. The official was not authorized to discuss diplomatic relations by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
David Fidler, an international law professor at Indiana University, said the moves by Canada and Australia place both countries in violation of the International Health Regulations, a 2005 World Health Organization treaty to which both are signatories.
The treaty “just seems to be disintegrating in this Ebola panic,” Fidler said. “And to have countries like Australia and Canada be in the forefront of this is even more disheartening,” he said, because they had been supportive of the international treaty meant to prevent panic during such a health crisis.

Omar leaves hometurfPrint
Written by Mir Ehsan | Jammu | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:48 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 4:51 am
Fearing a rout, J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has abandoned his family bastion and decided to contest from two constituencies — National Conference stronghold of Sonwar and Peoples Democratic Party-represented Beerwah in central Kashmir’s Budgam district.
After a meeting of the NC parliamentary board, the party released the list of 22 candidates and announced that the CM will contest
from Sonwar and Beerwah constituencies. Earlier, it was believed that Omar will contest from Ganderbal and another constituency from Srinagar district.
In the past, Ganderbal was represented by NC founder and Omar’s grandfather Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah. His father Farooq Abdullah also represented the constituency in 1987 when he became the CM of the state.
Omar himself lost from Ganderbal in 2002 to lesser known Qazi Afzal of the PDP, who was later awarded cabinet post for defeating Omar. However, in 2008 assembly elections, Omar won from Ganderbal defeating Qazi Afzal by a margin of 8,215 votes.
In the Lok Sabha elections, the NC candidate trailed behind the PDP candidate and the party leadership is worried that Omar may lose this seat as many senior NC leaders have deserted the party in Ganderbal recently.
This is the first time Omar is contesting from two places, though in 2008 elections, Farooq contested from Sonwar and Hazratbal seats and won both.
“Omar had conveyed to the party that he will contest elections from only one constituency, but party decided to field him from two constituencies as a well thought strategy,’’ senior NC leader and Omar’s uncle Mustafa Kamal told The Indian Express. He said that Ganderbal was never an NC bastion but members of Sheikh family represented the constituency many times.
While Sonwar is Omar’s native constituency, this time political analysts feel NC is apprehensive as people are angry with the Chief Minister after he shut doors of his house to people during the recent floods. Sonwar will go to polls on November 25 in the first phase while Beerwah will go to polls on December 14 in the fourth phase.
PDP spokesman Nayeem Akhtar termed it as an internal matter of the NC, saying, “Omar can contest from any place in the state.’’

Congress  JMM part ways overseat-sharingPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:47 am
Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and Congress on Friday decided to end their 15-month-old alliance ahead of Assembly polls in the state after the seat-sharing talks between the two parties broke down.
JMM, which has decided to go it alone, has accused three Congress leaders of sabotaging the deal for personal gains and said the national party was effectively handing BJP a walkover in the polls.
Congress later announced it would contest the elections to the 81-member House along with RJD and JD(U). The party, it is learnt, has also stepped up efforts to bring former BJP leader and ex-CM Babulal Marandi into its fold.
JMM general secretary Surpiyo Bhattacharya said, “Everyone knows (Congress’s Pradeep) Balmuchuji, (Alamgir) Alam saheb and Furkan (Ansari) saheb are responsible for this along with Girinath Singh (state RJD president).”
Chief Minister Hemant Soren had been camping in Delhi since Tuesday to reach a seat-sharing deal with Congress. “Congress is in a mood to give BJP a walkover here,” said JMM secretary Vinod Pandey, implying that the BJP — already in a position of strength in the state — is set to gain from Congress’s decision.
Sources in both parties  said a dispute over four seats — three in Santhal Pargana region — led to the alliance breaking up. While Pradeep Balmuchu, a Rajya Sabha member and former Congress state chief, wanted his daughter to contest from Ghatshila, Alamgir Alam wanted a ticket from Pakur and Furkan Ansari sought one from Madhupur. Ansari was also pushing for a Congress ticket from Jamtara for his son. All the seats are currently held by JMM.
RJD’s Girinath Singh has been pushing for a ticket from Garhwa,  where he came second last time. JMM’s Mithilesh Thakur, who had finished third, hurriedly submitted his nomination papers even before his party formally nominated him.
“Some of our senior leaders were at risk of losing their seats. We had to save the party as well as the honour of our senior leaders,” said B K Hariprasad, Congress state in-charge. Hariprasad had drawn the ire of the extended Working Committee for his October 15 statement that the party would be part of an alliance led by Hemant Soren.

SC asks EC if poll code can be eased in J&K for floodreliefPrint
A man removes muddied beddings from a hospital ward which was damaged by flooding in Srinagar. (Source: Reuters)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:45 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 9:34 am
The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Election Commission whether the Model Code of Conduct could be relaxed in poll-bound Jammu and Kashmir to enable smooth progress of relief and rehabilitation work following devastation by recent floods.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu asked the commission to respond to the issues and also wondered why political parties chose not to request the EC for postponement of Assembly elections in view of the floods.
“Notification has been issued and now hands are tied. All parties should have approached the Election Commission asking for postponement of elections. You could have said that people are still suffering and elections be postponed,” it observed.
The court made the observations after J&K National Panthers Party Bhim Singh submitted that the Model Code of Conduct was coming in the way of relief work.
“We would ask Election Commission to allow distribution of materials by relaxing model code of conduct,” said the bench, adding it was concerned about the state.
The bench also regretted that it had to issue certain orders although it was a duty of the government to ensure relief. “There is nothing like convincing (about steps). You take care of people is all that we are saying. You should really feel bad about performance,” it told the state government.
The court-appointed panel had in its report said that relief was not being properly and equitably distributed in some districts, particularly in Srinagar, Udhampur and Rajouri. It also alleged that there was lack of doctors in the state and adequate number of medical practitioners should be sent from AIIMS, PGI Chandigarh and other hospitals. The SC had on September 24 had appointed a five-member panel to ascertain the situation in the state.

ITC net increases 8.7% to Rs 2 425 crITC net increases 8.7% to Rs 2 425 cr
Fiscal deficit touches 83 per cent of full-year target in first halfFiscal deficit touches 83 per cent of full-year target in first half
Low-interest rates to pose a challenge for i...ET Edge SK Roy chairman
(The insurance regulator…)
MUMBAI: The insurance regulator has warned that a low interest rate regime could pose a challenge for insurance companies in giving good returns to policy holders. RK Nair , member, Irda , indicated that insurers will face a challenging task as India will not have high rates all the time. "As long as interest rates are high, people are happy, but when inflation and interest rates drop, the insurance industry will face challenges," he said.
Speaking to the media on the sidelines of a seminar organised by ET Edge, SK Roy, chairman of Life Insurance Corporation , said that the corporation will not face any problems in meeting the guaranteed return schemes while acknowledging that the interest rate cycle is changing.
"We are able to meet all the liabilities toward guaranteed returns," he said. In the past, LIC had offered 5-7% tax-free guaranteed returns on schemes such as Bima Bachat and Bima Nivesh.
The yield on the 10-year benchmark gilt with a coupon interest of 8.40% and maturing in 2024 has fallen 80 basis point from its peak of 9.10% to 8.30% on expectations of a cut in interest rate by the Reverse Bank of India due to easing inflation. Banks have, over the past one year, lowered interest rates on deposits and some have even reduced interest rates on short-term loans even as the central bank has not tinkered with policy rates.
"What happened in Japan is now happening in Europe. They say that Europe may face the Japanese experience of 10 years of low growth and low interest rate regime. India is also developing and we can't be having very high interest rates all along," Nair added.
He elaborated that a low-interest rate regime is prevailing in overseas markets and "that's causing a lot of challenge to the insurance industry in delivering potential returns to policy holders". Nair indicated that overseas markets saw a continuous low-interest rate regime for a long time and rates may remain low for another 5-10 years.
"So, the insurance sector is grappling with challenges in delivering good returns to policy holders there (overseas markets)."
Nair also said that another challenge for the industry would be moving to a risk-based solvency regime and new accounting standards — the International Financial Accounting Standards.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suzlon Group stays EBIDTA positive for third consecutive quarterSuzlon Group stays EBIDTA positive for third consecutive quarter
US urges peaceful transition of power in Burkina FasoUS urges peaceful transition of power in Burkina Faso
No word yet by Fadnavis on removal of road tollNo word yet by Fadnavis on removal of road toll
Former Illinois tax havens face new taxes  budget cutsFormer Illinois tax havens face new taxes, budget cuts
Kankakee Sheriff's Police deputies
Kankakee County Sheriff's Police deputies begin their shift. A county tax referendum, which would increase sales tax by 1 percent, will decide if 20 of the 54 sworn officers in the dept. will be laid off in December. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Kankakee County Sheriff's Police deputies begin their shift. A county tax referendum, which would increase sales tax by 1 percent, will decide if 20 of the 54 sworn officers in the dept. will be laid off in December. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Elections
Kankakee, state tax havens struggling with loss of tax dollars.
Kankakee residents, already dealing with increased city fees, face a potential hike in their sales taxes, as this town 60 miles southwest of Chicago has lost its luster as a business tax haven.
Dozens of companies that opened satellite offices in Kankakee in the past decade, lured by the municipality's 6.25 percent sales tax rate and tax incentives, have left. The departures have deprived the town and Kankakee County of millions of dollars in tax revenue.
When voters in Kankakee go to the polls Nov. 4, they will have to decide whether to raise their sales taxes by 1 cent per dollar, to 7.25 percent, or face the threat of budget cuts to public safety. Earlier this year, Kankakee instituted new fees on car owners and households to deal with a shortfall in its budget.
Kankakee sales tax referendums
@ChiTribGraphics
@ChiTribGraphics
The potential sales-tax increase would be countywide, affecting municipalities including Bourbonnais and Momence. The county put the referendum on the ballot to make up for the loss of about $4 million a year in sales taxes, said Michael Bossert, county board chairman.
"The loss of the sales tax revenue is having a huge impact," Bossert said. "The general budget has been under tremendous pressure. From the county's point of view public safety is vital."
Kankakee isn't the only town facing new budget realities.
Channahon, in Grundy and Will counties, also had a high-profile tax-incentive program that is no longer popular. Critics of the tax incentives say the wounds are self-inflicted because these towns exploited a loophole in the arcane state sales tax rules that Illinois has moved to eliminate.
For years, the proper sales tax rate was based on where a purchase offer is accepted, rather than where a product is delivered. Kankakee, Channahon and others offered incentives that rebated a portion of the sales taxes received, giving companies an even lower effective tax rate.
8
The tax rebates became controversial as dozens of companies doing business in the Chicago area began shifting the official point of purchase to Kankakee, Channahon and other outlying cities, siphoning tens of millions of dollars from city and suburban taxing districts. The Chicago-based Regional Transportation Authority and others critical of the practice said sales offices in the small towns were token setups for tax purposes and not legitimate operations.
The Illinois Supreme Court threw out those sales-tax rules last year, forcing the state Department of Revenue to come up with new guidelines that no longer rely on the point of purchase as the single test to determine the proper tax rate and prompting dozens of companies to abandon the tax reduction strategy.
The RTA, which overseas Chicago area public transit and relies on sales tax for half its budget, sued Kankakee and Channahon in an attempt to stop the tax incentives. The lawsuits are still pending.
In a statement the RTA said, "We continue to believe that putting an end to these agreements will benefit the RTA region and the riders who rely on our regional transit system."
The city of Kankakee had one of the more aggressive sales-tax rebate programs. It had 44 agreements, including several with Internet-based retailers that previously had no presence in Illinois, Epstein said. Of its 6.25 percent sales tax, 5 percent goes to the state, Kankakee keeps 1 percent and 0.25 percent goes to the county.
Kankakee gave a portion of its 1 percent collection back to companies as an incentive to attract their business. Many of the agreements are confidential because the companies that received rebates signed contracts with consultants rather than directly with municipalities.
cComments
Sales taxes make eminent sense for a community with a great many of visitors like Chicago, a university town, a regional business center, or a tourist attraction. In that way, the visitors are helping to pay for the services they use. Otherwise, it is just an increase in cost for local citizens...
Kasha11
3
Companies not only enjoyed the rebates but also Kankakee's sales tax rate, which is lower than rates in Cook and some collar counties that run as high as 9.25 percent. By charging less sales tax, businesses could offer lower prices than competitors in Chicago or Naperville. Businesses also used the Kankakee office to process purchases of fuel and other supplies. They paid a lower sales tax than they would have if they bought the supplies in Cook County and also received a tax rebate.
Sales-tax rebates are a widely used incentive in Illinois. But in 2008, the Illinois Department of Revenue challenged the way Hartney Fuel Oil accepted orders in the village of Mark, in Putnam County, instead of its headquarters in suburban Forest View. The agency argued that Hartney avoided the sales taxes of Forest View, Cook County and the RTA, which collectively were higher than Mark's rate.
The state Supreme Court ruled that Hartney's actions were consistent with sales tax regulations in effect at the time. But the unanimous decision also said the legislature has not adopted the order acceptance test and found that the sales-tax guidelines did not follow the court's own precedent.
Kankakee Mayor Nina Epstein defends the practice.
"The court ruled that these (rebates) were legal agreements," Epstein said. "They were a huge benefit to us."
Epstein contends that new tax rules have chased some companies out of Illinois, hurting the state's revenue base, and she's not sure the tax dollars will flow back to the Chicago area.
"We've taken a huge hit on our $24 million budget," Epstein said. "I wonder if the tax dollars will end up back north. I don't know if anyone will ever be able to quantify if that's going on."
Of Kankakee's 44 rebate agreements, only three or four companies remain, said Christopher Bohlen, Kankakee's attorney.
In Channahon, about two dozen companies have abandoned their tax rebates, said Mayor Joseph Cook.
"I don't believe there are any active (rebate) agreements in Channahon," Cook said. "I would hazard we've lost over $1 million."
In Kankakee, the rebate program generated about $2.6 million annually for the city, Epstein said.
Epstein proposed a mix of new fees and cuts to plug the hole in the town's budget. A $40 vehicle sticker fee was instituted along with a $10 surcharge, known as a public safety fee, to water bills. The city also cut the number of firemen from 53 to 48 and consolidated some administrative departments.
"We were fair," Epstein said. "We didn't put the entire burden on the residents."
Kankakee County earmarked much of the $4 million year it received from the rebate program to pay off debt it took on about a decade ago to construct a new office for its Public Safety Department and expand the county jail, Bossert said.
Unlike the city, Kankakee County does not have the authority to raise sales taxes without voter approval. The proposed increase would generate $7.7 million, Bossert said. About $3 million would be allocated to public safety operations and about $3.2 million would be used to reduce the county's debt.
Without the sales tax increase, county officials have warned that they would have to eliminate about 20 sheriff's deputies and 20 correctional officers.
But a local government watchdog opposing the tax increase said the county is painting an unnecessarily gloomy picture of its finances to garner support for the tax increase. Last month the county passed a 2015 budget that projected a $2 million surplus after the county cut expenses by 15.8 percent to $26.8 million. There were no cuts to the Corrections Department.
The loss of the sales tax revenue is having a huge impact. - Kankakee County Board President Michael Bossert
The 2015 budget shows the county can live within its means after losing the revenue from the rebate programs, said Darrel Bruck Jr., president of the Organization United to Reverse All Government Excess, or Outrage.
"The sun will come up after Nov. 4 if the public safety sales tax does not pass," said Bruck, a 62-year-old Bourbonnais resident. "They've already made the 2015 budget with the necessary cuts."
The county's sales tax proposal faces competition. School districts in the county also included a referendum on the ballot to impose a 1 cent per dollar sales tax to fund school facility improvements.
If both referendums pass, the countywide sales tax would jump to 8.25 percent, a 32 percent increase.
But the referendums face an uphill fight for approval. As Epstein acknowledged, "people are loath to raise their own taxes."

Black money list SITmoney-probe-No...    Cached
NEW DELHI: The Centre on Wednesday placed a list of names of 627 Indian account holders in HSBC bank, Geneva in black money case before the Supreme Court ...

Amravati Express derailexpress-derails...    Cached
The engine and a passenger-cum- guard coach of the Mumbai-bound Amravati Express derailed today while entering the suburban Kalyan station this morning but no one was ...

Kerala HC bar owners,%20HC%20upholds...    Cached
HC Upholds Ban On Liquor In Kerala, India's Kerala High Court upholds alcohol ban, India's Kerala High Court upholds alcohol ban, Bars in Kerala to be shut, High ...
Also Try

AAP Delhi Governmentgovernment-how-the...    Cached
Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal is all set to be sworn in as the seventh Chief Minister of Delhi on Saturday. At 45 years four months and 14 days, Kejriwal who ...

Ranveer Singh Bajirao Mastanifilmy-buzz/...    Cached
Ranveer Singh as we know is one of those young actor’s in Bollywood who is known to go all that extra mile required to give complete justice to his character that ...

Shakeel Beig photo virallaila...    Cached
View the photo Sunny Leone's 'Laila' Viral On YouTube on Yahoo Movies India. View the photo Sunny Leone's 'Laila' Viral On YouTube and others from our photo galleries.
Also Try

Deficit at 83% of target  Arun Jaitley says all s wellDeficit at 83% of target  Arun Jaitley says all s well
Fadnavis  oath-taking ceremony turns into mini Kumbh | Promises transparent govtactor
(More than a 100 ‘saints’…)
MUMBAI: Religion reigned in the oath-taking ceremony of the first ever BJP government in Maharashtra with sadhus from all over the state given pride of place while a separate enclave accommodated spiritual figures from other faiths.
The unchecked enthusiasm of party cadres led to chaotic scenes at the Wankhede Stadium and many prominent invitees had to struggle to make it to the VIP enclosure.
More than a 100 'saints' from all parts of the state were given special invites, with a special VIP gate ushering them in safely to the chagrin of those who had to walk back from the venue because of the crowds.
The sight of a sea of saffron immediately invited criticism from Opposition. "This was a government function but sadhus, saints, buwa-baba and maharajs (godmen) were present in a large number... Is this not superstition?" former CM and Congress leader Ashok Chavan asked.
CM Devendra Fadnavis , however, was quick to dismiss that. "They belonged to all religions. There is a thin line between belief and superstition. We are against superstition," he said. Earlier, arrangements for the lavish ceremony itself had come for criticism, but on Friday, BJP cadres couldn't seem to get enough of what was on offer.
Noted industrialist Adi Godrej was seen wading through a long queue from the VIP enclosure to reach the special VIP box. Famous builder Niranjan Hiranandani had to endure pushing and shoving crowds before he could make it to the venue. ADAG Group chairman Anil Ambani was lucky to skip the queues and the chaos as BJP cadres removed one of the barricades to get him to the enclosure.
Actor Nana Patekar chose to return from the gates after his second attempt to reach the VIP enclosure went in vain because of the teeming crowd. Well-known Marathi actors Ramesh Deo and his son Ajinkya who were unable to get in were seated in the press gallery.
However, it was neither the saints nor Fadnavis who was the biggest draw. The loudest cheers were reserved for PM Narendra Modi as he entered the venue. Pankaja Munde too evoked quite a response from the crowd. NCP leader Praful Patel who entered the VIP enclosure didn't sit with other NCP leaders like Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare in a separate stage. Patel went and sat beside BJP Chief Ministers and was seen talking animatedly with Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje Scindia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dow  S&P soar to record highsDow  S&P soar to record highs
Core sector growth down to 1.9% in SeptCore sector growth down to 1.9% in Sept
Canada restricts visas amid Ebola scareCanada has joined Australia in suspending entry visas for people from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa.
By: Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:51 am
Canada has joined Australia in suspending entry visas for people from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa in an attempt to keep the deadly disease away.
Canada’s Conservative government said Friday it is suspending visa applications for residents and nationals of countries with “widespread and persistent-intense transmission” of Ebola virus disease.
Canada has not yet had a case of Ebola. Canadians, including health-care workers, in West Africa will be permitted to travel back to Canada, the government said.
The countries most severely hit by the worst Ebola outbreak ever are Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. Canada receives very few travelers from those countries, which have no direct flights to Canada.
A similar move by Australia was slammed Wednesday by Dr. Margaret Chan, the World Health Organization’s director general, who said closing borders won’t stop spread of the Ebola virus.
Canadian Health Minister Rona Ambrose said in a statement the “number one priority is to protect Canadians.” Canadian Immigration Minister Jason Alexander said the government would act in the “best interests of Canadians.”
Kevin Menard, a spokesman for Alexander, said the move is similar to but a bit less restrictive than the one the Australian government announced this week. He later called it “considerably different.”
“We have instituted a pause, but there is room for discretion and if we can be assured that someone is not infected with Ebola,” Menard said in an email after declining to comment on the phone. He said the government was “doing anything we can to keep Ebola from coming to Canada.”
Nancy Caron, a spokesman for Citizenship and Immigration Canada, said that “a number of African countries have imposed stricter travel bans as have several other countries around the world. Other countries such as the United States have started to place restrictions on travelers from countries with Ebola outbreaks.”
The government said Canadian citizens or foreign nationals with a visa and foreign nationals who do not require visas will continue to be screened at ports of entry in Canada and will be subject to appropriate health screening.
Declining to criticize the move, an Obama administration official said Friday that Canada remains an important partner in the effort to stop Ebola. The official was not authorized to discuss diplomatic relations by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
David Fidler, an international law professor at Indiana University, said the moves by Canada and Australia place both countries in violation of the International Health Regulations, a 2005 World Health Organization treaty to which both are signatories.
The treaty “just seems to be disintegrating in this Ebola panic,” Fidler said. “And to have countries like Australia and Canada be in the forefront of this is even more disheartening,” he said, because they had been supportive of the international treaty meant to prevent panic during such a health crisis.

ITC Q2 profit at Rs 2 425.16 croreITC Q2 profit at Rs 2 425.16 crore
Blyth  Inc. Reports 3rd Quarter 2014 Sales and EarningsBlyth  Inc. Reports 3rd Quarter 2014 Sales and Earnings
Govt remembers Sardar Patel; Cong fumes over Indira snubGovernment to promote Patel; Indira Gandhi sidelined
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Oct 30 (IANS) The government is all set to celebrate in a big way the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Friday, inviting criticism from the Congress that the legacy of late prime minister Indira Gandhi - who was assassinated 30 years ago on Oct 31 - was being stifled.
A 'Run for Unity' and pledge taking will mark India's first home minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary Oct 31, being observed as 'Rashtriya Ekta Divas'.
So far nothing has been announced by government to observe the death anniversary of Indira Gandhi, who was assassinated while she was in office, or on any probable visit by Modi to her Shakti Sthal memorial.
Congress leaders will be paying tribute to the former prime minister at her memorial Friday morning.
For marking Patel's birth anniversary, the celebrations will start with a function at which Prime Minister Narendra Modi will pay floral tributes at his statue at Patel Chowk near Parliament House at 7.30 a.m.
The prime minister will then address the participants of 'Run for Unity' at Vijay Chowk at 7.40 a.m. and administer the Unity Pledge at 8.00 a.m. The run will be flagged off from Vijay Chowk to India Gate on Rajpath at 8.15 a.m.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh will also attend a marathon programme in Nampally, Hyderabad at 7.45 a.m.
The home minister will then attend the passing out parade of Indian Police Service officers at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy, Hyderabad.
Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, who was recently sacked from the post of party spokesperson for joining Modi's Clean India Campaign, slammed the government for forgetting Indira Gandhi.
"Disgraceful that government is ignoring the martyrdom of our only prime minister who was killed in office in the line of duty. Oct 31 forgotten?" Tharoor said on micro blogging site Twitter.
Congress general secretary in-charge of media communication Ajay Maken meanwhile said Indira Gandhi cannot be overshadowed.
"No one can overshadow anyone's legacy. Both Sardar Patel and Indira Gandhi, on their own, have contributed to the country which the country can never forget. No single leader, no single government can ever make people forget the legacy and contribution of any such great leaders," Maken told reporters.
To mark Patel's birth anniversary, public broadcaster Doordarshan has planned a series of programmes, including coverage of celebrations at Patel's village Karamsad in Gujarat.
Schools and colleges across the country will organise events to mark the day, following direction from the human resource development ministry (MHRD).
All the universities were sent notification by the ministry of MHRD suggesting several events that could be organised to mark the day.
A copy of the solemn pledge has also been sent with the notification.
The events suggested by MHRD included the run for unity, debate competitions, exhibitions, panel discussions, march past by NCC cadets, screening of a film on Patel to popularise his works.
At Delhi University (DU), programmes are being held at the north campus and in all the affiliated colleges which have been asked to "submit a brief report of the same along with the photographs latest by Nov 3".
Jamia Milla Islamia have organised events both at their school and the university.
In Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), a "run for unity", a book display and exhibition of the works of Patel has been planned.
The schools were also sent notification by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and Directorate of Education giving instructions about the event.
Recommend

http://buff.ly/1s0SPD9Health Insurance Marketplace Premiums
Single and family premiums by state
Hover over states with final, approved 2015 data to see the 2014 and 2015 rates and percent changes. See a companion blog post for more information.
Select a State
Source: J. R. Gabel, M. Green, S. Stromberg et al., NORC at the University of Chicago, "Premiums Unchanged in Rhode Island, Modestly Higher in Nevada, and Significantly Higher in District of Columbia," The Commonwealth Fund Blog, Oct. 31, 2014.
Mission
The mission of The Commonwealth Fund is to promote a high-performing health care system that achieves better access, improved quality, and greater efficiency, particularly for society's most vulnerable, including low-income people, the uninsured, minority Americans, young children, and elderly adults.

http://twitter.com/commo...http://twitter.com/commo...
The Lower Manhattan revival  now featuring the biggest  most expensive building in the country: One World Trade CenterBy Jonathan O'Connell October 31 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
At 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. This is what New York City looks like from way up. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
NEW YORK – When the people of this city set out to rebuild the World Trade Center after Sept. 11, they planned to erect a lasting memorial, remake the skyline and restore Lower Manhattan as a financial center.
But when the 104-story One World Trade Center officially opens for business Monday – the tallest and most expensive building in the Western Hemisphere – it will have ushered in a rebirth of lower Manhattan as a vibrant, urban neighborhood where people live, shop and eat, rather than just hustle home from white collar jobs.
While officials and developers battled over final details of the reconstruction in recent years, the neighborhoods around Ground Zero blossomed. Though finance and accounting firms including Deloitte & Touche and Fidelity Investments have not returned in any significant way, hordes of condo buyers arrived, attracted by walkable neighborhoods, chic bars and chef-driven restaurants.
The political battles, lawsuits and disagreements behind the reconstruction of One World Trade Center have been well chronicled over the past decade.
But the way in which the violent attack on New York City 13 years ago ultimately spawned an urban revival is much less appreciated.
The population in the neighborhood tripled . Celebrity chef Tom Colicchio, Keith McNally and Joël Robuchon announced plans to open nearby. And on Monday, one of the standard bearers for posh Manhattan – Condé Nast, purveyor of the New Yorker and Vanity Fair – will move into the tower, occupying 1.2 million of its 3 million square feet.
“The old Lower Manhattan and the old World Trade Center was a typical nine-to-five neighborhood. It was our parents’ or grandparents’ Lower Manhattan,” said Scott H. Rechler, a real estate developer who is vice chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which developed the building. “This is a 24-hour, seven-day-a-week, vibrant business district with a diverse group of tenants and a lot of creative, Millenial-type workers.”
Last week, as workers took down some of the final construction fences from around One World Trade Center and five trucks full of office furniture arrived, the question wasn’t so much how the $3.2 billion project could save downtown New York but whether it could bring it up another level.
A view of One World Trade Center towering above the Lower Manhattan skyline, as seen from across the Hudson River in Jersey City, N.J. (Lee Powell / The Washington Post)
The summer before the attacks, Port Authority officials thought they had largely extracted themselves from the real estate businesses when they agreed to lease the two towers of the previous World Trade Center to private developers for 99 years.
Six weeks later the towers were smoldering rubble, and Lower Manhattan looked like a war zone. The port authority, which lost 84 members of its staff in the attacks, still owned the 16 acres of land on the site.
“It really was this period of breaking it into phases,” Rechler said. “A period of mourning and patriotism and cleaning it up. And then a period of what are we going to do with it. And then, how are we going to do it.”
A year later the developer that had bought the lease, Silverstein Properties, began plotting some 10 million square feet of new offices to replace the twin towers. 
Silverstein’s architects, from Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, remained in place to design One World Trade Center even though another architect, Daniel Libeskind, had been named master architect of the entire complex. 
But the idea that commercial office space should be rebuilt at Ground Zero at all bred early distrust for public officials, said Lee Ielpi, who lost his son, a firefighter, in the attacks and is now board president of an association of victims’ families.
The memories of what happened that day were still so raw. For years, rescue and construction workers continued to find body parts there, each a reminder that the 16-acre site still held the remains of many of the nearly 2,800 people that died there, hundreds of whom were never found.
How could anyone think about building a project there to make money? 
Ultimately, Ielpi said the port authority and the city provided enough space and money for the 9/11 memorial and museum that most families felt at peace with the glass-skinned office building coming out of the ground next door.
“I always felt that we do need to rebuild,” he said. “We do need to have a large memorial but in my eyes not rebuilding something big would in some way show these terrorists that they had succeeded in some way.”
Angled glass fins protrude from stainless steel panels on the 185-foot tall concrete base of One World Trade Center. This base houses mechanical equipment and is designed to protect the building against ground-level explosions. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Still, no one would have moved into the building had they feared the new tower wouldn’t be safer than the old ones. 
After consulting with the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and local police forces, architects added a 20-story fortress-like base of concrete and steel that contains mostly building systems and few offices. 
The perimeter of the building is comprised of 24 steel columns, each 60 feet long and weighing 70 tons. A concrete core more than a meter thick encases its elevators and stairwells. In all, the building includes 45,000 tons of structural steel and 208,000 cubic yards of concrete, much of it four times stronger than what is typically used in sidewalks. 
“One of the things that was most salient was that it was built at a time when we had to move past the current building codes,” said T.J. Gottesdiener, managing partner of SOM’s New York office. “In this era of safety, fighting fires and evacuating occupants had a different meaning to it.”
Patrick J. Foye, executive director of the port authority, called the building “the most secure office building in America.” The final price tag for redevelopment of Ground Zero, including a transportation center scheduled to open next spring, could reach $20 billion. 
A view to the north of the Empire State Building and midtown Manhattan from the 63rd floor of One World Trade Center. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Not all the financial firms are gone but Fidelity and Deloitte weren’t alone in moving hundreds or thousands of employees out of downtown after the attacks. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and Japanese banking giant Nomura inked moved to Midtown, while the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation and others moved the majority of their employees to Jersey City.
Landlords in the neighborhoods around Ground Zero were largely left to either drop the rents or empty their buildings and convert them to apartment buildings. 
Both strategies introduced new energy. The population of Lower Manhattan has tripled, from 20,000 to 60,000, with thousands of residents living in newly built or renovated condominium towers. Another 2,200 units in 10 buildings are under construction, according to the Alliance for Downtown New York, an association of building owners. Media, advertising and technology companies began snapping up the discounted office space, bringing a more a creative workforce downtown. 
The number of people living in Lower Manhattan has tripled. (Alliance for Downtown New York)
Chuck Townsend, chief executive of Condé Nast, said “there is a great deal of pride” in being the largest renter at One World Trade. He likened the company’s move to its relocation 15 years ago into Times Square, known at the time more for pawn shops than high-end offices. 
About 3,000 employees will work in One World Trade Center, on floors 20 through 44, with the move-in complete by early 2015.
“We pioneered Times Square and I’m telling you it was no jewel at that time,” he said. “In a way it was a much more challenging move than moving into this well-developed, well-cultivated neighborhood where there are beautiful offices and residential buildings and a gorgeous park and a wonderful memorial.”
Even with Condé Nast, One World Trade Center is only about 60 percent leased – a potential cause for concern – but Time Inc., book publisher HarperCollins and Macmillan Science and Education, publisher of Nature and Scientific American, have all made or announced moves downtown recently. Office leasing activity for the first half of the year was 43 percent higher than last year.
“This was an area that was quiet, where people had gone home after around six o’clock. Now this is probably one of the most attractive parts of Manhattan for people to be, and I think companies are recognizing that,” said Foye.
Salons, gyms and restaurants are following suit. Eataly, the Italian food marketplace, plans to open in 4 World Trade Center. “Restaurateurs think, ‘We want to be the lunch room for Condé Nast, so if we don’t have a downtown location we should open one,’” said Jessica Lappin, president of the downtown alliance.
It may take longer for New Yorkers to get used to the change to their skyline than it did for them to adapt to the changing vibe downtown. Blair Kamin, architectural critic for the Chicago Tribune, recently called the building a “bold but flawed giant.”
Ielpi, father of the firefighter who died in the attacks, said he considered the building a “beautiful piece showing our country’s resolve.” 
“We had to bring commerce back to the city. We had to show our strength. This is the center of the universe. So I’m very proud of One World Trade Center, but as soon as we forget why we had to rebuild it we have failed.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Fadnavis swearing-in turns into mini KumbhFadnavis swearing-in turns into mini Kumbh
China prepares for lunar sample return missionUpdated: October 29, 2014 21:55 IST
China prepares for lunar sample return mission
N. Gopal Raj
AP PERCURSOR: Last December, the Chang'e-3 put a lander and a rover on the lunar surface.
TOPICS
science and technology
China has launched a spacecraft that will act as a precursor for a robotic lunar sample return mission and perhaps also help prepare for subsequent manned exploration of the Moon.
Last Friday, a Long March-3C rocket lifted off from China's Xichang Satellite Launch Centre and set the spacecraft on a course for the Moon. The spacecraft’s trajectory sends it swinging around the Moon before heading back to Earth. Once back, its re-entry module will separate and descend through the atmosphere to touch down on the ground.
China embarked on lunar exploration with the launch in 2007 of Chang'e-1, a probe that imaged the Moon from orbit. Chang'e-2, another orbiter, followed three years later. Last December, the Chang'e-3 successfully put a lander and a small rover on the lunar surface; a malfunction, however, left the rover unable to move around soon afterwards. Chang'e-5, a robotic mission to bring back lunar soil and rock samples, is scheduled for 2017.
The current eight-day mission, which some analysts have called 'Chang'e-5-T1', is intended to test technology, particularly in re-entry, needed for Chang'e-5.
As it returns from the Moon, the Chang'e-5-T1 spacecraft will be travelling at about 11.2 km/second. Although China has sent astronauts into orbit around Earth and brought them safely back using its Shenzhou spacecraft, those spacecraft would have been moving less rapidly (close to 8 km/second). So the country's space scientists clearly want to prepare for re-entry at higher velocities.
Reports from the official Xinhua news agency indicate that a ‘skip re-entry’ manoeuvre will be attempted to slow the Chang'e-5-T1's re-entry module. The reentry module will be oriented such that it enters Earth's atmosphere, dissipates energy in the form of heat as it does so and then exits the atmosphere. According to a Chinese space agency spokesperson, there could be one or more ‘skips’ before final re-entry, with the capsule targeted to land in Inner Mongolia.
This re-entry module looks like a scaled down version of the one in Shenzhou that astronauts occupy during launch and for their return to the ground. That has added to speculation that China will, in due course, send its astronauts to the Moon.
In an article published earlier this year in the Go Taikonauts! electronic magazine, Chen Lan, an independent analyst who tracks the Chinese space programme, reviewed studies done by the country's space scientists and engineers on how manned lunar missions could be carried out.
He took the view that Chinese space planners were using robotic lunar missions as test-beds to reduce development cost and time for a manned effort.
However, a decision on manned lunar exploration may be made only after the sample return mission was completed, Mr. Chen Lan observed. “Considering its foreseeable huge cost and less practical returns, this should be a tough political decision. No one knows what will happen, even in China.”

How to get rich: Meet YouTube s video blogging crorepatisTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Maruti  Honda Siel  Hitachi soar as Yen hits 6-year lowAnalyst
(The sharp decline in the…)
MUMBAI: The sharp decline in the value of yen against the dollar has sparked off a rally in many of the Japanese companies operating out of India. The yen touched a six-year low against the dollar on Friday after the Bank of Japan unexpectedly expanded its monetary stimulus programme. The Japanese currency fell 2.3 per cent to 112 against the dollar in New York , the weakest since January 2008.
Some of the Japanese companies listed on the Indian markets such as Maruti Suzuki, Ricoh, Honda Siel Power, Hitachi Home Appliances, Sharp India and Lumax Industries gained between 1 per cent and 7 per cent on Friday. Analysts reckoned that some of these companies will benefit from the lower cost of sourcing of raw materials from the parent company as well as a lower royalty outgo.
"Many of the Japanese companies operating in India are souring raw materials from Japan. The depreciation in yen will help them to reduce their raw material cost and improve their profit margin," said Amar Ambani, head of research, IIFL. "In some companies, even the royalty outgo will be lower due to the currency depreciation," he added.
The Bank of Japan said it will increase holdings of government bonds by 80 trillion yen ($723 billion) and boost exchange-traded fund purchases to 3 trillion yen. In India, the rupee has gained nearly 7 per cent against the yen in the past 15 days to touch 54.91 from 58.60 for 100 yen. While Sharp India surged 7 per cent toRs 66.45, Honda Siel Power and Hitachi Home & Life Solutions gained 3.5 per cent each to touch Rs 846 and Rs 641, respectively.
Auto major Maruti Suzuki rose 3 per cent to Rs 3,338.35 — Maruti shares have risen 12 per cent in the past one month against the 4.5 per cent rise of the BSE Auto index.
"The yen depreciation will start having its favourable impact on Maruti Suzuiki from the Q3 onwards, which will reduce its raw material costs, thus aiding margin expansion," said Ashwin Patil , analyst , LKP Securities .
Maruti Suzuki's direct or indirect exposure to the yen is nearly 20 per cent of its revenues. Around 1 per cent weakness in the yen against the dollar helps Maruti Suzuki's earnings by about 4 per cent. However, some of the Indian companies which are exporting to Japan will be negatively impacted, said analysts.
"Companies like Lupin, which has nearly 12 per cent of its revenues coming from Japan, will have a negative impact due to depreciation of the yen," said Pankaj Pandey, head of research, ICICI Securities. Shares of Lupin fell 2 per cent in the past five trading sessions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ease of doing biz rankings to reflect reformsCommerce and Industry Minister
("Number of other reforms…)
NEW DELHI: With India's position on the World Bank's ease of doing business index slipping further, the government has said that positive impact of new reforms should be reflected in the next year's ranking.
Asserting the government's commitment to improve 'ease of doing business' in the country, the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has said efforts are being made to bring India into the top 50 ranks.
In a tweet, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said reforms carried out by the new government after June 1 would be considered for Doing Business Report 2016.
India has been ranked 142 among the 189 countries in the latest report, falling two places from last year's ranking.
The country's place originally stood at 134 last year, but was adjusted to 140 by the Bank to account for fresh data.
"Number of other reforms initiated which are not measured in World Bank's Doing Business Report 2015," DIPP said in a tweet.
The World Bank report has taken into account reforms made between June, 2013 and May, 2014 only, it added.
In September, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said that India's ranking could be improved to the 50th position by making government regulations easier.
According to DIPP, the government has taken many steps including issuance of checklist with specific timelines for processing applications filed by foreign investors and launch of single registration -- Labour Identification Number -- for labour related compliances.
In a series of tweets, the Department said that a revised labour inspection scheme has been issued for "inspections based on objective criteria and selection of units on random basis".
Among others, a large number of parts/components have been excluded from industrial licensing, application for environment and forest clearances made online, DIPP said.
"World Bank Senior Vice President and Chief Economist recognised these reform measures but expressed inability to include in Doing Business Report, 2015," another DIPP tweet said.
India's former chief economic adviser Kaushik Basu is currently holding the post.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Lower Manhattan  more than the skyline has changed since 9/11. Now  theres a neighborhoodBy Jonathan O'Connell October 31 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
At 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. This is what New York City looks like from way up. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
NEW YORK – When the people of this city set out to rebuild the World Trade Center after Sept. 11, they planned to erect a lasting memorial, remake the skyline and restore Lower Manhattan as a financial center.
But when the 104-story One World Trade Center officially opens for business Monday – the tallest and most expensive building in the Western Hemisphere – it will have ushered in a rebirth of lower Manhattan as a vibrant, urban neighborhood where people live, shop and eat, rather than just hustle home from white collar jobs.
While officials and developers battled over final details of the reconstruction in recent years, the neighborhoods around Ground Zero blossomed. Though finance and accounting firms including Deloitte & Touche and Fidelity Investments have not returned in any significant way, hordes of condo buyers arrived, attracted by walkable neighborhoods, chic bars and chef-driven restaurants.
The political battles, lawsuits and disagreements behind the reconstruction of One World Trade Center have been well chronicled over the past decade.
But the way in which the violent attack on New York City 13 years ago ultimately spawned an urban revival is much less appreciated.
The population in the neighborhood tripled . Celebrity chef Tom Colicchio, Keith McNally and Joël Robuchon announced plans to open nearby. And on Monday, one of the standard bearers for posh Manhattan – Condé Nast, purveyor of the New Yorker and Vanity Fair – will move into the tower, occupying 1.2 million of its 3 million square feet.
“The old Lower Manhattan and the old World Trade Center was a typical nine-to-five neighborhood. It was our parents’ or grandparents’ Lower Manhattan,” said Scott H. Rechler, a real estate developer who is vice chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which developed the building. “This is a 24-hour, seven-day-a-week, vibrant business district with a diverse group of tenants and a lot of creative, Millenial-type workers.”
Last week, as workers took down some of the final construction fences from around One World Trade Center and five trucks full of office furniture arrived, the question wasn’t so much how the $3.2 billion project could save downtown New York but whether it could bring it up another level.
A view of One World Trade Center towering above the Lower Manhattan skyline, as seen from across the Hudson River in Jersey City, N.J. (Lee Powell / The Washington Post)
The summer before the attacks, Port Authority officials thought they had largely extracted themselves from the real estate businesses when they agreed to lease the two towers of the previous World Trade Center to private developers for 99 years.
Six weeks later the towers were smoldering rubble, and Lower Manhattan looked like a war zone. The port authority, which lost 84 members of its staff in the attacks, still owned the 16 acres of land on the site.
“It really was this period of breaking it into phases,” Rechler said. “A period of mourning and patriotism and cleaning it up. And then a period of what are we going to do with it. And then, how are we going to do it.”
A year later the developer that had bought the lease, Silverstein Properties, began plotting some 10 million square feet of new offices to replace the twin towers. 
Silverstein’s architects, from Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, remained in place to design One World Trade Center even though another architect, Daniel Libeskind, had been named master architect of the entire complex. 
But the idea that commercial office space should be rebuilt at Ground Zero at all bred early distrust for public officials, said Lee Ielpi, who lost his son, a firefighter, in the attacks and is now board president of an association of victims’ families.
The memories of what happened that day were still so raw. For years, rescue and construction workers continued to find body parts there, each a reminder that the 16-acre site still held the remains of many of the nearly 2,800 people that died there, hundreds of whom were never found.
How could anyone think about building a project there to make money? 
Ultimately, Ielpi said the port authority and the city provided enough space and money for the 9/11 memorial and museum that most families felt at peace with the glass-skinned office building coming out of the ground next door.
“I always felt that we do need to rebuild,” he said. “We do need to have a large memorial but in my eyes not rebuilding something big would in some way show these terrorists that they had succeeded in some way.”
Angled glass fins protrude from stainless steel panels on the 185-foot tall concrete base of One World Trade Center. This base houses mechanical equipment and is designed to protect the building against ground-level explosions. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Still, no one would have moved into the building had they feared the new tower wouldn’t be safer than the old ones. 
After consulting with the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and local police forces, architects added a 20-story fortress-like base of concrete and steel that contains mostly building systems and few offices. 
The perimeter of the building is comprised of 24 steel columns, each 60 feet long and weighing 70 tons. A concrete core more than a meter thick encases its elevators and stairwells. In all, the building includes 45,000 tons of structural steel and 208,000 cubic yards of concrete, much of it four times stronger than what is typically used in sidewalks. 
“One of the things that was most salient was that it was built at a time when we had to move past the current building codes,” said T.J. Gottesdiener, managing partner of SOM’s New York office. “In this era of safety, fighting fires and evacuating occupants had a different meaning to it.”
Patrick J. Foye, executive director of the port authority, called the building “the most secure office building in America.” The final price tag for redevelopment of Ground Zero, including a transportation center scheduled to open next spring, could reach $20 billion. 
A view to the north of the Empire State Building and midtown Manhattan from the 63rd floor of One World Trade Center. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Not all the financial firms are gone but Fidelity and Deloitte weren’t alone in moving hundreds or thousands of employees out of downtown after the attacks. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and Japanese banking giant Nomura inked moved to Midtown, while the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation and others moved the majority of their employees to Jersey City.
Landlords in the neighborhoods around Ground Zero were largely left to either drop the rents or empty their buildings and convert them to apartment buildings. 
Both strategies introduced new energy. The population of Lower Manhattan has tripled, from 20,000 to 60,000, with thousands of residents living in newly built or renovated condominium towers. Another 2,200 units in 10 buildings are under construction, according to the Alliance for Downtown New York, an association of building owners. Media, advertising and technology companies began snapping up the discounted office space, bringing a more a creative workforce downtown. 
The number of people living in Lower Manhattan has tripled. (Alliance for Downtown New York)
Chuck Townsend, chief executive of Condé Nast, said “there is a great deal of pride” in being the largest renter at One World Trade. He likened the company’s move to its relocation 15 years ago into Times Square, known at the time more for pawn shops than high-end offices. 
About 3,000 employees will work in One World Trade Center, on floors 20 through 44, with the move-in complete by early 2015.
“We pioneered Times Square and I’m telling you it was no jewel at that time,” he said. “In a way it was a much more challenging move than moving into this well-developed, well-cultivated neighborhood where there are beautiful offices and residential buildings and a gorgeous park and a wonderful memorial.”
Even with Condé Nast, One World Trade Center is only about 60 percent leased – a potential cause for concern – but Time Inc., book publisher HarperCollins and Macmillan Science and Education, publisher of Nature and Scientific American, have all made or announced moves downtown recently. Office leasing activity for the first half of the year was 43 percent higher than last year.
“This was an area that was quiet, where people had gone home after around six o’clock. Now this is probably one of the most attractive parts of Manhattan for people to be, and I think companies are recognizing that,” said Foye.
Salons, gyms and restaurants are following suit. Eataly, the Italian food marketplace, plans to open in 4 World Trade Center. “Restaurateurs think, ‘We want to be the lunch room for Condé Nast, so if we don’t have a downtown location we should open one,’” said Jessica Lappin, president of the downtown alliance.
It may take longer for New Yorkers to get used to the change to their skyline than it did for them to adapt to the changing vibe downtown. Blair Kamin, architectural critic for the Chicago Tribune, recently called the building a “bold but flawed giant.”
Ielpi, father of the firefighter who died in the attacks, said he considered the building a “beautiful piece showing our country’s resolve.” 
“We had to bring commerce back to the city. We had to show our strength. This is the center of the universe. So I’m very proud of One World Trade Center, but as soon as we forget why we had to rebuild it we have failed.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

LinkedIn rise bucks social network trendLinkedIn rise bucks social network trend
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7433978a-6072-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Irreplaceable Younis joins the Don and SutcliffeMore
Younis joins the Don and Sutcliffe
Stats highlights at the end of the first day of the second Test between Australia and Pakistan at Abu Dhabi
By Bishen Jeswant | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014 6:37 PM IST
Tweet
0
50 Younis Khan now averages at least 50 in each of the four innings of a Test. The only other batsmen who average 50-plus in all four innings are Don Bradman and former England great Herbert Sutcliffe.
90 Number of years since a batsman made three consecutive Test hundreds against Australia before Younis achieved this feat in the first innings. Sutcliffe was the last to have done this, during the Ashes series of 1924-25.
Younis Khan: Australia's latest bane. (Getty Images)
4 Number of Pakistan players, including Younis Khan, who have made three consecutive 100-plus scores in Tests. The other three are Zaheer Abbas, Mudassar Nazar and Mohammad Yousuf.
30 Number of years since all of Pakistan's top-four batsmen have made 35-plus scores in a Test innings against Australia. The last time this happened was at Adelaide in December 1983.
2 Number of consecutive 50-plus opening partnerships for Pakistan. The openers put together 71 in the second innings of the Dubai Test and 57 today. This is only the third time in the last eight years that Pakistan's openers have posted back-to-back 50-plus partnerships.
18 Number of threes scored by Pakistan's batsmen in the first innings so far, the most in a Pakistan Test innings since 2001. The second most threes for Pakistan, 17, also came at Abu Dhabi, against Sri Lanka in 2011.
6 Number of hundreds scored by Pakistan batsmen in two Tests this series. Pakistan batsmen scored only six hundreds against Australia between 1999 and 2010.
0.96 Younis' ratio of hundreds to fifties in Tests. He has scored 27 hundreds and 28 fifties. This is the fifth best conversion ratio among players who have scored at least 20 Test hundreds.
Converting 50s to 100s (players with min. 20 centuries)
Player

Shock and anger over death penaltyUpdated: October 31, 2014 13:13 IST
Shock and anger over death penalty
D. J. Walter Scott
The Hindu The wife of one of the fishermen who was awarded the death sentence by the Colombo High Court on Thursday; protesters remove the rail track at Thangachimadam; women block traffic near Rameswaram. Photos: L. Balachandar
TOPICS
execution
“My four-year-old son was saying that his father will return home tomorrow and get him an ice cream, but his hopes have been shattered,” said Jansi Rani, 32, wife of R. Wilson, one of the five fishermen awarded death sentence by the Colombo High Court on charges of drug trafficking.
Staging a road blockade at Thangachimadam along with scores of men and women protesting against the verdict, Jansi Raniwept uncontrollably as she recalled her son Jogans’s anxiety on Wednesday after they were told the Colombo High Court would deliver the verdict on Thursday.
For a middle-aged mother and four young women in Thangachimadam, the verdict was a rude shock as they came to the road along with other women to fight for justice and the safe return of their breadwinners.
Life turned a nightmare to them ever since their breadwinners were arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy on November 29, 2011. The five fishermen - P. Emerson ,39; P. Augustin, 32; R. Wilson, 42; K. Prasad, 32; and J. Langlet, 22, had set out for fishing on November 28, 2011, with fishing permits. But, the trip landed them in trouble.
The Lankan Navy arrested them under Sections 54A and B of the Opium and Dangerous Drugs Ordinance Act, 1984 read with Section 218 of the Code of Procedure and the case was being fought before the Colombo High Court.
“My husband spoke to me yesterday [Wednesday], but was scared of the verdict,” said Skenitta, 26, the youngest of the five women. Her husband Prasath spoke to her on Wednesday and feared as how the verdict would be. She had asked him not to worry, saying he is innocent and would be released.
It was hardly two months since she conceived her second child, when her husband was arrested, she said. Jayesh is now two-and-a-half years old and he is yet to see his father
“My husband became mentally ill in the prison and he has not spoken to me for more than a year now,” cried Emerson’s wife Lavanya. She manages the family with a monthly assistance given by the government but could not answer when the children — seven-year-old daughter and two-year-old son — ask about their father, she said. She too was four months pregnant when her husband was arrested and the boy is yet to see his father, she rued.
J. Infanta, mother of Langlet, cried uncontrollably as her only son is in prison for more than two years.
U. Arulanandham, president of the Alliance for the Release of Innocent Fishermen, said steps were taken to appeal against the High Court order in the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka.

What Do Breast Cancer and Halloween Have in CommonWell, to point out the obvious, we are aware of them both in October. October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month AND, October is Halloween. Both happen every year.
What do these two things have in common?
On the lighthearted side:
They both have some connection to altering your looks
They both involve wigs and scarves and some sort of costuming
They both involve support -- for trick or treating, most kids go with their parents or friends... but not alone. For breast cancer treatment, most patients take someone with them for support and not being alone.
On the more practical side, there are other similarities. Breast Cancer month is an opportunity to celebrate all the education and resources that are available for all women (and men too). It's a smorgasbord of information and available services. The push is to get women to pay attention, get mammograms, do exams. We all know that early detection is the key. While scary with the possibility of discovering something, it's still the best option.
With Halloween, I remember when my son was young and started to go trick or treating. He loved it, of course. Who wouldn't? It was fun and still an innocent time. Kids never had to worry about candy being poisoned or apples having razors in them... until one day... they did... have to worry... because it was happening.
Parents then paid more attention. They went with their kids even at an older age. They forbid their kids to eat anything from the bucket that wasn't wrapped, etc. When they got home, they dumped it all out and sifted through it for safety. Only then did they allow kids the chance to dive in.
You see, it's all about prevention... affirming safety.
I write these blogs in the interest of humanity and it's concern for helping people with cancer and other major illness, especially in the workplace. It's in the reaching out, with information, interviews, resources and support that I hope I will make a difference.
Here's an example of a man I interviewed recently. He responded to my call for people to speak with who did not have support from their workplace. His needs were not high on the chart of their company's needs.
This man, unidentified, told me that he worked in a small company. He was confronted with the most awful thing a parent can experience... a son who was diagnosed with a tumor that would be dangerous to remove, but they thought that surgery might be able to alleviate some of the pressure. He obviously took a short leave of absence to be with his child. Wouldn't any parent? The child underwent surgery. It would be touch and go for a significant amount of time to see if the tumor would return. The employee informed his workplace that he still couldn't return to work for awhile. Their response was to ask him to come and pick up his belongings... that they needed to replace him... that there was too much work for him to miss more time.
Obviously this man knew his own values -- his need to be with his child. The good news is, the child pulled through and is still alive and improving. The other good news is that the man is even happier in his new work situation.
The message here, or should I say the concern, is that not everyone looks at the full 360° view of illness. If the boss in this situation had more empathy and compassion, the company would have done the "right thing." They would have supported their employee during this difficult time. They would have been able to allow the employee flexibility and a work from home option during the child's healing time and not lost a valuable employee. This parent would have not been so stressed out about not having a job along with his fears about his child.
So, as you face Halloween with your children or as you face the horror of a Cancer diagnosis, please take heed of what you've learned here.
Take precautions
Pay attention
Reach out for support
If you are an employer... please take the time to view a situation such as I described, as something that could happen to any of us and use it as an opportunity to tap into your more compassionate side. How would you have wanted the situation handled had it been your child?
So, that's my October report. More interviews to come, more blog posts to come as we approach the most beautiful and yet the most emotionally difficult time of the year.
Ann Fry is the Workplace Cancer and Disease Crisis Coach. She trains managers to engage and support people at work who are impacted by Cancer or a major illness (either their own or that of a loved one.) She's the person to call when the Executive teams needs to "triage" and sort through the crisis when one of their own is impacted. She can facilitate the conversation and help set the strategy for moving forward.
Follow Ann Fry on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AnnFry
More:

2G scam: Charges framed against Raja  Kanimozhi and othersPrint
NEW DELHI: A special court on Friday framed charges against the former Telecom Minister A Raja, DMK MP Kanimozhi and DMK chief M Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal and 16 others over money laundering in a 2G scam-related case, Hindustan Times reports.
The accused have pleaded not guilty in the court.
The accused, alleges the Enforcement Directorate, were involved in Rs. 200 crore-money laundering transaction.
The ED alleges the transaction was not 'bonafide' and 'genuine', and that it was 'bribe for grant of telecom licences to DB Group companies' by the former Telecom Minister Raja.
Among the companies named in the case are Swan Telecom, Kusegaon Realty, Cineyug Media and Entertainment, Kalaignar TV, Dynamix Realty, Eversmile Construction Company, Conwood Construction and Developers, DB Realty and Nihar Construction.
The accused have been booked under various sections of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Centre will now bring to book other accused  hope victimsNew Delhi/Bhopal, October 31, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 11:33 IST
Centre will now bring to book other accused, hope victims
Mahim Pratap Singh
PTI Bhopal gas tragedy survivors protest beside a poster of Warren Anderson in front of the Union Carbide Factory, in Bhopal on Friday.
TOPICS
industrial accident
Activists and victims hoped that the Centre would, at least now, take steps to bring the guilty company to book
Activists and victims express the hope that with the death of Warren Anderson, former chief executive officer of the Union Carbide Corporation (UCC), the Centre will, at least now, take steps to bring the guilty company to book by making the other accused stand trial and bring a sense of closure to the survivors and other affected persons.
“We know that it is not part of our culture even to speak ill of a dead person, let alone spit on his picture. But what to do? The people are so angry over what has happened and is continuing to happen,” said Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Purush Sangharsh Morcha president Nawab Khan, an affected person himself, about the public show of anger at the now-defunct Union Carbide factory in Bhopal as news of his death spread on Friday.
Anderson was the chief executive officer of the UCC, owner of Union Carbide India Ltd., which ran the plant from where the deadly methyl isocyanate leaked into the densely populated bastis of Old Bhopal.
The UCC is now an American corporation wholly owned by the Dow Chemical Company. The tragedy was one of the worst industrial disasters in the world, leaving thousands of people dead and over half a million injured on the intervening night of December 2 and 3, barely three days after Anderson celebrated his 63rd birthday.
Satinath Sarangi, member of the Bhopal Group for Information and Action, said, “There is enough evidence to establish that Anderson was directly involved in decision-making as well as oversight of the design, operation and maintenance of the Bhopal factory and was fully aware of the hazards the factory posed to the lives and health of the residents of the city. He is also guilty of approving the faulty waste management system used in the Bhopal factory that is responsible for the ongoing contamination of soil and groundwater. Hopefully, Anderson’s life in hiding and his ignominious death will be a lesson for all corporate criminals.”
Safreen Khan of Children Against Dow Carbide said, “From our childhood, we have been looking upon Anderson’s face as the face of evil. Now that man has died. I suppose the face of Andrew Liveris, Dow Chemical’s CEO, will now be the new face of evil.”
Having fled India in a government-arranged plane in the aftermath of the tragedy, Anderson lived the rest of his life a fugitive, a declared absconder from Indian law.
The tragedy, his wife, Lilian, told CBS news five years ago, “haunted him for many years.”
Anderson, born in Brooklyn, U.S., on November 29, 1921 to Swedish immigrants, was named after the then American president, Warren Harding. A carpenter’s son, he started as a salesman at the UCC and rose through the ranks to become its CEO. He retired in 1965 to lead a relaxed life — gardening, fishing and baking Swedish bread according to an old family recipe, The New York Times reported.
Following the tragedy, he arrived in India on December 6 and was immediately arrested, only to be released a few days later. Indian industry then termed the arrest arbitrary and unjustified, with J.R.D. Tata saying he was “dismayed and astonished at the arrest.”
Arjun Singh’s admission
The late Arjun Singh, the then Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister, said he facilitated Anderson’s departure by a government plane following “persistent calls” from the Union Home Ministry.
“GOI [Government of India] officials may feel that, for political reasons, they need to be perceived as being concerned about extraditing Mr. Anderson. Although this does not currently appear to be a high priority bilateral issue for the GOI,” said a report sent to the United States State Department from the U.S. Consulate in Mumbai.
Another letter by the Consulate, dated July 6, 2004, cited the advice of the then Attorney-General Soli Sorabjee in 2001: “Efforts should not be made to extradite Mr. Anderson as there was inadequate evidence to link him directly to the cause of the gas leak.”

Maharashtra: Fadnavis sworn in as CM  Sena joins bashDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

SpaceShipTwo crash costs Virgin GalacticSpaceShipTwo crash costs Virgin Galactic
By: Matt Krantz October 31, 2014 3:18 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
Reports of the crash of Virgin Galactic’s SpaceShipTwo isn’t just a tragic loss of life, but for the company, too.
SpaceShipTwo is one of a number of spacecraft owned by Virgin Galactic LLC, an aerospace company based in New York City that’s a unit of privately-held Virgin Group. Virgin Galactic owns the WhiteKnightTwo carrier craft and orbital launch vehicle LauncherOne.
The company has offices in London, as it’s a unit of Virgin Group Ltd., but also Mojave, Calif., Pasadena, Calif., Washington D.C. The CEO is George Whitesides and the president is Steve Isakowitz.
Since the company is the unit of a private company, it’s unclear who the largest owners of this particular venture are. Aabar Investments PJS, based in Abu Dhabi, is listed as an investor in Virgin Galactic. Aabar is a firm that makes private investments.
Virgin Galactic is a unit of Virgin Group, best known for its founder and president Richard Branson, 64. Virgin Group is a greatly diversified company with units in everything from gym facilities to radio stations and credit cards.
Virgin Group is privately held, so it has no stock price. It does not publicly disclose financial statements. The company was founded in 1970 and has about 50,000 employees, says S&P Capital IQ.

Test flight of Virgin Galactic spaceship ends in fatal crash in CaliforniaTest flight of Virgin Galactic spaceship ends in fatal crash in California
Just 5 free ATM transactionsJust 5 free ATM transactions
US: Governors races are test runs for White HouseDemocratic and Republican candidates are locked in tight governors' races across the US that could resonate far beyond Tuesday's elections and have implications for the 2016 presidential contest.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:14 am
Democratic and Republican candidates are locked in tight governors’ races across the US that could resonate far beyond Tuesday’s elections and have implications for the 2016 presidential contest.
Most of the 36 races for governor have been overshadowed by the fierce fight for control of the Senate, with Republicans hoping to wrest the majority from the Democrats. But a number of competitive governors’ races from Florida and Colorado to Michigan and Wisconsin have drawn appearances from prospective White House contenders trying to lay out friendly terrain for 2016.
The stakes are perhaps highest in Florida, and not just for Republican Governor Rick Scott and his opponent Charlie Crist, a former Republican governor-turned-Democrat. The results could provide a blueprint on how White House candidates could win over Florida’s two all-important voting blocs, retirees and Hispanic voters.
Neither reliably Democratic nor Republican, Florida is an important battleground state, and no candidate has won the White House without carrying the state since 1992. Neither Scott nor Crist are among the names being tossed around as potential 2016 candidates, but as governor, either would become a powerful ally for their party’s presidential nominee.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, the leading potential Democratic candidate, has stopped by to support Crist’s campaign, as has her husband, former President Bill Clinton. But if Scott wins, it would be a boost for three Republicans in particular who are considering presidential runs: Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.
Christie, the leader of the Republican Governors Association, has campaigned for Scott and other Republican governor candidates in states that voted for Obama in 2012. Victories in there would burnish the New Jersey governor’s credentials as a Republican who can help secure moderates in swing states and Democratic strongholds.
Even more is at stake for Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, who is in a tough fight for re-election. Ousting Walker would be a huge victory for Democrats, dooming the presidential prospects of one of the country’s most high-profile Republicans. Walker became a hero to many conservatives when he survived a recall referendum spearheaded by opponents of his law that toughened rules for labor unions. If he wins a second term, it would instantly raise his credibility as a conservative Republican able to prevail in heavily working-class state that Obama won two years ago.
In Florida, perhaps no issue is more intriguing for the 2016 picture than the US embargo against Cuba.
Reflecting a growing shift in US attitudes, Crist has called for ending the 44-year-old embargo, trying to make inroads with a new generation of Cuban-Americans who favor normalizing relations with the communist island. Clinton, a former continued…

Chicago: Judge wont close hearing in Islamic State caseShafi Khan, right, and Zarine Khan, center, parents of Mohammed Hamzah Khan.
By: Associated Press | Chicago | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:49 am
A federal judge on Friday denied a government request to partially close a detention hearing for a 19-year-old suburban Chicago man who authorities say violated US law by trying to travel to Syria to join Islamic State militants.
Prosecutors fell short of justifying why the public and media should be barred from parts of the upcoming hearing in Chicago for Mohammed Hamzah Khan, US Magistrate Judge Susan Cox wrote in a four-page ruling. Khan is charged with seeking to provide material support to a foreign terrorist group.
Open hearings help engender confidence the American judicial process is fair, Judge Cox added.
“Holding proceedings in secret … frustrates the public interest,” she wrote. “We are to close proceeding only in rare circumstances, when doing so outweighs the value of openness.”
Khan’s Chicago lawyer, Thomas Durkin, heralded that finding.
“It is a victory for the Constitution, which too often takes a beating from the government’s incessant need to create a state of exception in national security-related cases,” he said.
The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and the Chicago Tribune had also sent letters to the judge spelling out their objections to partially closing the hearing, which is scheduled for Monday.
A spokesman for the US attorney’s office in Chicago, Randall Samborn, declined to comment on Friday’s ruling.
Prosecutors had cited the need to protect the identity of two minors they intended to bring up at the hearing as they attempted to show Khan posed a danger to the community or was a flight risk and should remain behind bars. But Cox said she wasn’t convinced their concerns trumped the Sixth Amendment right to a public trial.
Khan was arrested in early October at O’Hare International Airport trying to board flight to Turkey. A subsequent search of his family’s Bolingbrook home turned up a letter he left for his parents, telling them he was disgusted by Western society and felt obliged to travel to the Middle East, federal court documents allege.
Khan’s mother and father, originally from India, are naturalized US citizens; Khan was born in the Chicago area. Durkin has said the parents did not know of their son’s plans to journey to Syria.

US trooper ambush suspect caught  death penalty eyedA survivalist accused of ambushing two state troopers, killing one, made his first court appearance on Friday.
By: Associated Press | Lords Valley | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:42 am
A survivalist accused of ambushing two state troopers, killing one and seriously wounding the other, made his first court appearance Friday after he was captured by US marshals near an abandoned airplane hangar, ending a seven-week manhunt that had rattled the nerves of area residents.
Prosecutors will seek the death penalty for Eric Frein, who meekly gave himself up when surrounded Thursday, authorities said. Hundreds of local, state and federal law officers had taken part in the search.
Before onlookers jeered him as he left the courthouse, Frein, 31, listened to charges that he killed Cpl. Bryon Dickson and critically wounded Trooper Alex Douglass in a sniper attack outside their state police barracks Sept. 12. US marshals who took him into custody said he suffered a visible gash on the bridge of his nose and scrape over his left eye while they had him down on the pavement.
He did not have a lawyer and was not asked to enter a plea to first-degree murder and other charges, including possession of two pipe bombs discovered during the search. He remained jailed without bail. A preliminary hearing was set for November 12.
Pike County District Attorney Raymond Tonkin, who said he would seek the death penalty, told reporters that Frein’s capture brought a measure of comfort to the region after an “unimaginable loss of unspeakable proportions.”
Troopers questioned Frein, but authorities would not disclose what he told them or discuss a possible motive. Authorities have said Frein had expressed anti-law enforcement views online and to people who knew him.
Until his capture, Frein had some people beginning to wonder if law enforcement was up to the task, given the rugged terrain and the evident skill with which he eluded dogs, thermal-imaging cameras and teams of heavily armed officers.
Sporadic sightings of the fugitive kept entire communities on edge: A woman claimed to have seen him outside a high school. A local cop spotted a mysterious man in green, prompting an intensive search that came up empty. There were other sightings in which Frein supposedly made himself visible to law enforcement, then vanished.
In fact, with Frein behind bars, plans for trick-or-treating in Barrett Township were back on, and hunting and trapping were given the go-ahead to resume.
A team of federal marshals stumbled across Frein during a sweep about 30 miles from the barracks where he allegedly opened fire, authorities said. He had no gun on him, but had weapons stashed in the hangar, state police said.
The marshals who captured Frein said he had a “defeated” look on his face when they took him into custody. After the marshals turned him over to state police, Frein was placed in Dickson’s handcuffs and driven in Dickson’s squad car to the Blooming Grove barracks.
Authorities said they were trying continued…

UN expresses deep outrage at Islamic State groupThe UN Security Council is expressing its "deep outrage" at the killings, rapes and torture by the Islamic State.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:19 am
The UN Security Council is expressing its “deep outrage” at the killings, kidnapping, rapes and torture by the Islamic State group in Iraq.
A press statement Friday evening notes that some of the actions “may constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity.”
The statement urges the international community to increase its support of Iraq’s government and security forces.
The council also welcomes the appointments of Iraq’s defense and interior ministers and the swearing-in of Kurdish ministers, “which completed the formation of an inclusive Government that represents all segments of the Iraqi population.”
The Islamic State group has alarmed the international community with its recent seizure of a third of Iraq’s territory and parts of neighboring Syria.
Iraq now faces its worst crisis since the 2011 withdrawal of US troops.

US spy budget down by over 15 per cent since 2010: Official dataThe combined budget for US civilian and military intelligence operations shrunk by more than 15 percent since 2010.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:12 am
The combined budget for US civilian and military intelligence operations has shrunk by more than 15 percent since 2010, official figures show.
The total US intelligence budget was $67.9 billion in the  fiscal year to September 30, according to official figures. That was up only marginally from $67.6 billion the previous year, but followed a steady decline since a peak in 2010.
A variety of factors comes into play, official sources say.
The decline reflected the end of military operations in Iraq in 2011 and the drawdown in Afghanistan, said Bruce Riedel, a former senior intelligence official and security adviser to President Barack Obama.
“Those operations were extremely expensive, not just for the military but also all the civilian agencies. Now that military operations have resumed in Iraq and spread to Syria the costs for intelligence will go back up again,” he said.
James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, has warned that the United States is being exposed to increased risk.
“For the past year or so, the IC has been working through what I’ve referred to as the ‘Perfect Storm’ of factors that cut into our capabilities,” Clapper said in a speech in July.
Apart from budget cuts, he cited a loss of intelligence sources because of “unauthorized disclosures,” a reference to revelations by former CIA contractor Edward Snowden, and policy decisions that excluded some areas of surveillance.
“We as a nation, in my considered professional opinion, are accepting more risk than we were three years ago, or even one year ago,” Clapper said.
Steven Aftergood, an intelligence expert with the Federation of American Scientists, also linked the cutbacks partly with the end of engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan.
“Beyond that, I think hardware programs such as spy satellites are being extended beyond their original operating lifetime. New initiatives are being deferred, hiring has slowed, and so forth. To manage these kind of reductions well is a challenging task. Some loss of capability is to be expected,” Aftergood said. The overall 2013-2014 budget included $50.5 billion for “National Intelligence Program” activities, which include such agencies as the CIA, and another $17.4 for military intelligence activities, officials said.
Figures laying the long-term trend were compiled by the Federation of American Scientists and validated by an intelligence official.

UN resolution urges Myanmar to drop identity planA new UN draft resolution takes aim at Myanmar's campaign to have Rohingya Muslims identify as a term they reject.
By: Associated Press | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:03 am
A new UN draft resolution takes aim at Myanmar’s aggressive campaign to have its Rohingya Muslims identify as a term they reject, urging “access to full citizenship on an equal basis.”
The European Union-drafted resolution, obtained Friday by The Associated Press, is one piece of international pressure on the Southeast Asian country to change its campaign, preferably before world leaders including President Barack Obama arrive for a regional summit in less than two weeks.
Myanmar’s 1.3 million Rohingya have been denied citizenship and have almost no rights. Attacks by Buddhist mobs have left hundreds dead and 140,000 trapped in camps. Others are fleeing the country.
Authorities want to officially categorise the Rohingya as “Bengalis,” implying they are illegal migrants from neighboring Bangladesh. The Rohingya counter that many of their families have been in Myanmar for generations. Effectively stateless, they are wanted by neither country and say the Myanmar government’s campaign feels like an effort to have them systematically erased.
The vast majority of Rohingya live in the state of Rakhine. President Thein Sein, a former general, is considering a “Rakhine Action Plan” that would make people who identify themselves as Rohingya not only ineligible for citizenship but candidates for detainment and possible deportation.
The resolution now before the General Assembly’s human rights committee is nonbinding, but a strong vote in its support would send a message that international opinion is not on Myanmar’s side.
A Myanmar diplomat assigned to that committee, reached by telephone Friday for comment, said, “It’s too early to say.”
The resolution expresses “serious concern” about the Rohingya’s status. It calls on the government to “allow freedom of movement and equal access to full citizenship for the Rohingya minority” and to “allow self-identification.”
Myanmar’s plan worries some in the Muslim world, and the Organization for Islamic Cooperation pushed for strong language in the resolution.
The Rohingya have emerged as a sensitive issue as Myanmar, a predominantly Buddhist state, tries to move away from decades of repressive military rule toward democracy.
This week, Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, Tim Kyaw, told the General Assembly’s human rights committee that his country is not “targeting a religion.” He warned that “insisting on the right to self-identification will only impose obstacles to finding a lasting solution” to ethnic tensions.
Vijay Nambiar, the UN secretary-general’s special adviser on Myanmar, told The Associated Press this week that Myanmar’s government is facing increasing pressure to allow the Rohingya to identify as something other than Rohingya or Bengali.
But, Nambiar said, “In the immediate future, the government says that’s not possible.”

Exclusive - U.S. probing Standard Chartered over Dubai banking: sourcesExclusive - U.S. probing Standard Chartered over Dubai banking: sources
Modi to launch membership drive in MPPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:27 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 1:40 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday would launch a membership drive in Madhya Pradesh by releasing a toll-free number in a bid to increase the party base in the state.
A call to the toll-free number would be considered as the nod for joining the saffron party.
BJP president Amit Shah on Friday said the party has planned to increase existing membership by four times by setting targets for different units. In Madhya Pradesh, the saffron party has set a target of two crore members.
Shah was in Bhopal to address a party function ahead of local body elections. He said the membership drive would focus on areas where the party is weak or has no organisational base.
Praising MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, the BJP chief said the state had presented an example of coordination between the government and the organisation (sangathan).

Mexican judge orders release of jailed former US MarineA Mexican judge has ordered the immediate release of a jailed former US Marine who spent eight months behind bars.
By: Associated Press | San Diego | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:27 am
A Mexican judge has ordered the immediate release of a jailed former US Marine who spent eight months behind bars for crossing the border with loaded guns.
Family spokesman Jonathan Franks told The Associated Press on Friday that the judge decided to release retired Marine Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi.
Franks said the judge released him without making a determination on the charge against him.
The family issued the following statement: “It is with an overwhelming and humbling feeling of relief that we confirm that Andrew was released today after spending 214 days in Mexican Jail.”
The 26-year-old Florida man said he got lost on a California freeway ramp that sent him across the border with no way to turn back. His long detention brought calls for his freedom from US politicians, veterans groups and social media campaigns.

Somali pirates free Indian sailors after 4 y...Somali pirates free Indian sailors after 4 years in captivity
By Reuters | 31 Oct, 2014, 09.10PM IST
The sailors, held since the pirates hijacked the Panama-flagged ship MT Asphalt Venture in Sept 2010, were freed on Thursday. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MOGADISHU: Somali pirates have freed seven Indian sailors detained for close to four years in exchange for an undisclosed ransom, Somali officials and a maritime monitoring group said on Friday.
At one time the pirates made millions of dollars in ransoms from seizing ships sailing the Horn of Africa nation's waters, but increased patrols by international navies on the Indian Ocean have reduced incidences of piracy.
The sailors, held since the pirates hijacked the Panama-flagged ship MT Asphalt Venture in September 2010, were freed on Thursday. Eight of their colleagues were freed by the pirates along with the ship in April 2011 for a ransom.
Their captors said at the time that they would only release the seven sailors when their fellow Somali pirates held by Indian authorities were freed.
It was not clear if their demand had been met.
Kenyan-based Ecoterra International , which monitors maritime activity on the Indian Ocean, confirmed the sailors' release.
"The remaining seven hostages... were finally freed by their captors against a ransom and arrived in Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia , from where they will be flown directly to India," Ecoterra said in a statement.
Regional government officials were involved in the release of the sailors from their captivity in the town of Haradheere in central Somalia, officials said.
The last successful hijacking was in May 2012, when Somali pirates seized a Greek-owned oil tanker carrying close to a million barrels of crude oil while in the Arabian Sea.
In January, a merchant ship was boarded by Eritrean forces in the Red Sea, an incident which was initially reported as a pirate attack.
At the height of Somali pirate attacks in 2011, up to a dozen or more merchant ships were being held captive at any one time, often for multi million-dollar ransoms.

Columns: Promoting profit-makingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rajasthan labour law awaits Presidents nodE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaggery makers hit sweet spot as Uttar Pradesh  mills face offE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nintendo to develop  quality of life  device to track sleep  fatigueE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rent a full island in Seychelles for up to 40 travellersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Amitabh Bachchan participates in Swach Bharat AbhyanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wanted in Bhopal gas tragedy case  Warren Anderson diesPrint
Washington, Oct 31 (IANS) Warren Anderson, who headed Union Carbide when a gas leak in its Bhopal pesticide plant killed thousands, is dead, the New York Times reported.
Anderson died Sep 29 at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida, aged 92, the Times said. His death, not announced by his family, was confirmed from public records.
Anderson flew to Bhopal four days after the world's worst industrial disaster and was arrested. But after paying bail he left India and never returned to face trial.
Indian authorities made multiple requests to extradite him, and officially labelled him a fugitive. A judge declared him an "absconder".
Toxic gas leaked from the Bhopal Carbide plant on the night of Dec 2-3, 1984 killing over 3,000 people instantly and thousands over the years. The plant made insecticides.
The disaster left many thousands injured and maimed, many suffering lung cancer, kidney failure, liver disease and serious eye disorders after coming into contact with methyl iso cyanate (MIC).
In 1989, Union Carbide paid $470 million to the Indian government to settle litigation stemming from the disaster. The settlement was denounced by rights activists as peanuts in view of the tragedy.
Anderson at one point of time "ruled over an empire with 700 plants in more than three dozen countries", the Times said.
After the Bhopal horror, "for the first time in his life, Anderson couldn't sleep; at one point he holed up for a week at a hotel...
"He and his wife, Lillian, spent evenings reading newspaper articles about the tragedy to each other," the daily said.
When they went to restaurants, he was afraid to be seen laughing because people "might not think it was appropriate".
In 1986, at age 65, he retired from Union Carbide. In later years he gardened and fished with his wife, who survives him, and baked Swedish bread, following an old family recipe.
His death passed almost unnoticed until an article appeared in Vero Beach 32963, the weekly newspaper of the Vero Beach barrier island.
Recommend

30 years of remembering and the sin of forgettingEYE BROWSE
30 Years of Remembering and the Sin of Forgetting
Many have forgotten, but Mukhtiar Singh has not. As a young 27-year-old, he defended his gurudwara against a murderous mob after Indira Gandhi’s assassination. He saw a father and son burnt alive in front of him. On the 30th anniversary of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots, our writer takes a walk with him around his beloved gurudwara in Delhi.
By Betwa Sharma | Grist Media –  Fri 31 Oct, 2014
Print
Mukhtiar Singh stands before Gurudwara Rakabganj. Photo by Betwa Sharma
The cycle stands have gone, the boundary walls are higher and new buildings have sprouted on what used to be open spaces. The only remaining evidence of the mob violence here 30 years ago is a star-shaped crack on the marble surface of a sidewall, made by bullets fired by Indian security personnel into Delhi’s Gurudwara Rakabganj on November 1, 1984.
On that day, a large mob of men gathered outside the gurudwara to avenge the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, chief of the Congress party. She had been gunned down at her residence by her two Sikh bodyguards on October 31. Spontaneous attacks on Sikhs started that same evening: some were beaten in the streets, some had their vehicles and shops attacked. Eyewitnesses have alleged that Congress Party leaders and workers instigated several attacks in the city. In the subsequent three-day spree of mob beatings and burnings that followed the assassination, around 3,000 Sikhs were killed in Delhi alone.
On a recent warm afternoon, Mukhtiar Singh stared thoughtfully at the white boundary wall of the gurudwara that has been his home for most of his adult life. In 1983, Singh had taken up a clerical job at the nearby Gurudwara Bangla Sahib while he lived in Gurudwara Rakabganj. Today, he is an official in charge of providing religious information about Sikhism in Rakabganj. I found him sitting at his desk in a room called the “Kakkar Store” in the gurudwara complex. Besides his job as the information manager, he appeared to be the go-to guy at the gurudwara – his mobile phone kept buzzing with a torrent of queries ranging from the delivery of furniture to the number of swords for sale.
When I first asked him about the 1984 riot, he politely but firmly refused to have the “same old conversation” which he described as “pointless”. “Look, you’ve come here to write a story. Now supposing you do all the work and then your editor tells you that it won’t run, then won’t you think many times before making the same effort again?” he asked. “I can keep talking about the riots but there will be no action taken in India.”
Some of the Sikh women working in the office also rebuked me for asking Singh to relive his old memories. The media, they said, had reported the story several times but no powerful person had gone to jail in the past three decades.
Eventually, Singh agreed to take a few minutes off from his continuously ringing mobile phone, and he tried to piece together a 30-year-old memory.
Singh is 57 years old now. As a 27-year-old, he had guarded the gurudwara’s white boundary wall on that November day. “The wall was about four feet and there were none of these rods sticking up," he said. "It sounds funny now but we could see their faces across the wall and they could see us the whole time.”
Dressed in a crisp blue shirt with neatly ironed pants, Singh agreed to pose for a photograph near the wall. “I’ve not come here [to the wall] for a long time,” he said while examining his own dapper image in my camera.
There is one other new thing here: a blue and white hoarding in the middle of the gurudwara complex marks the “site for November 1984 Sikh genocide memorial” and reads: “Token of remembrance, dedicated to November 1984 brothers, who had been killed and also the good Samaritans who risked their lives to save innocents in this genocide in Delhi and across India.”
A memorial will be built for riot victims in the gurudwara. Photo by Betwa Sharma.
Officials of the gurudwara said that they had been seeking land to build a public memorial for the past 20 years from the Congress government. Last year, Paramjeet Singh Rana, a spokesperson, said that a decision was reached by the municipal corporation of Delhi to allocate land in a park in the Punjabi Bagh neighbourhood, but the state government postponed it. They finally grew tried of waiting for permission.
"A memorial would stand out like a black spot on [the Congress]. There are three memorials to Indira Gandhi and her two assassins are dead. But has one of the main culprits in the [anti-] Sikh riots ever spent a day inside prison?" Rana asked.
Gurudwara Rakabganj was chosen because it has the most space in Delhi for a memorial, which the management plans to build in the next six months.
Two Sikh men were killed at Gurudwara Rakabganj in the siege 30 years ago. Though many more were killed elsewhere, the attack here was stunning because of its location: its imposing marble structure is not tucked away in an obscure bylane of Delhi’s vast underbelly, which might have explained the police’s absence or the delayed response. The gurudwara, one of the most prominent religious spaces for Sikhs in Delhi, with a history dating back to the 17th century, is situated near the Parliament and is about a kilometre-and-a-half away from the President of India’s house.
Singh had testified against Congress leaders Kamal Nath and Vasant Sathe about their alleged role in the riots , but the Nanavati Commission, instituted in 2000 to investigate the 1984 riots, did not find enough evidence to recommend a police investigation against them in its 2005 report. Singh, whose testimony was not considered reliable by the commission, said that he has been repeating his story for the past few decades.
Gurudwara Rakabganj in New Delhi. Photo by Betwa Sharma.
“Which country and which law takes such a long time to prosecute crimes, which were committed in broad daylight?” asks Singh. “After 30 years, all the riots have been reduced to is to give political benefit. When the BJP wants votes it will say that the Congress is to blame. One fraction of Sikhs say that Congress is to blame while others says no. Who is talking in favour of India and for humanity?”
* * *
On the morning of November 1, 1984, Singh was among a handful of young Sikh men who took it upon themselves to guard the gurudwara, where, he said, around 200 to 300 civilians were trapped because of the mob surrounding the gurudwara. They were mostly family workers of the staffers and those who had come to pray in the morning.
Several mourners, heading to Teen Murti Bhawan to pay their last respects to the late prime minister, were crossing the gurudwara on November 1. The mob around the gurudwara began to swell after 10am. The men outside had stones and the Sikhs inside had stones and swords. When the mob broke down one wall of the gurudwara around 11am, Singh and the others drove them out with stones.
“They came inside but we pushed them out again. Then, they dispersed and it was quiet for an hour. There was a road construction going on so they had plenty of stones. But we were quickly running out,” he said. “We were planning and thinking all the time what next…what next…how will we keep them out. We were prepared to fight to protect our home.”
Shortly after noon, Singh tried to stop an elderly father and his son, who looked like he was in his mid-twenties, from going outside to try and pacify the crowd. They were both burnt alive by the mob as Singh looked on helplessly.
"He went out in good faith to ask them to calm down. But they beat up that old man and someone put white powder on him. He began to burn. How could a son not rush out to save his father when he sees him burning? They beat him and burned him as well,” he said.
Singh said that he and a few others brought the bodies of the two men inside the gurudwara. “I remember that the old man was half-burned withina minute or a minute-and-a-half of the white powder touching him. They were both suffering but they could not get any medical support. The father died first and then his son went two hours later,” he said.
The Sikh men moved to roll up the carpets and take down the drapes to reduce the chances of a fire spreading in the gurudwara. When the mob just kept growing, Singh said that they decided to bring out the one gun that was available on the premises. It belonged to Gurdial Singh, the manager of the gurudwara at the time. They fired into the air to scare off the crowd, which retreated on hearing the gunfire.
Singh said that they had to create the illusion of having several guns to keep the mob at bay. The young men stuck iron pipes under their shoulders to give the impression that they were gripping guns.
"We made four or five people pose with the iron pipes at different positions. We would shoot in the air from behind them so it would seem that armed men were in many spots,” he said. "We must have fired around 60 to 70 rounds from morning to afternoon. It was a good gun. It saved our lives.”
Singh said that the men inside also had to duck bullets – in response, security personnel stood on the cycle stands outside the boundary wall and began firing inside the gurudwara.
The Sikh men held off the crowd for four to five hours until around 4pm, before 15 to 20 cars of police personnel arrived to lead the civilians and staffers out of the gurudwara. “I still remember someone’s voice coming from outside over a loudspeaker [saying] that everyone had to stay in the same spot. If anyone moved then they would be shot.”
Once the Sikhs had been evacuated, the mob seems to have entered the gurudwara. At the end, he said, the mob approached manager Gurdial Singh’s home, which was on the gurudwara premises.They broke the locks of his house, hauled out his belongings and set them on fire at the doorstep, but the police did not stop the attack. “They did not hit anyone with their sticks, they did not shoot or say why are you making a ruckus,” he said.
* * *
Singh declined to go into too many details about his dealings with the Nanavati Commission, referring me instead to his lawyer. He had accused Vasant Sathe and Kamal Nath of being present in the crowd at Gurudwara Rakabganj. He also told the Commission that Nath had instigated the mob .
The Commission’s report said that Sathe had denied being present at the gurudwara, and that Singh had only mentioned his presence for the first time 16 years after the fact. Singh told me that he recognized Sathe from the television channels, but the Commission concluded that Singh had the “wrong impression” about Sathe’s presence.
The Commission also said that Kamal Nath admitted his presence at the gurudwara that day but his explanation of what he was doing at the gurudwara was “vague,” and concluded that Singh was too far away from Nath to hear what the politician was saying to the mob. While the case against Nath hit a dead-end in India, he was summoned by a US federal court in 2011 after the Sikhs for Justice group filed a case against him in New York.
This week, Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan was also issued summons by a Los Angeles federal court. The New York- based Sikhs for Justice group has accused Bachchan of raising the slogan “Khoon ka badla khoon se lenge” (Blood for blood), calling for revenge after the prime minister was assassinated.
Jagdish Kaur, whose husband and son were killed by a mob, has been a key witness in the 1984 riots case against Congress leader Sajjan Kumar. Kaur also says she saw Bachchan raise the slogan on television during a live broadcast on October 31, 1984 amidst the mourners around Indira Gandhi’s body at Delhi’s Teen Murti Bhawan.
This wall crack is a reminder of the mob violence from 1984. Photo by Betwa Sharma.
“I remember that Rajiv Gandhi was standing on one side of her head and he [Bachchan] was on the other. I heard him say loudly ‘Khoon ka badla khoon se lenge’ two times. Some men in the crowd responded by saying ‘Chheetein inke ghar par padenge’ [the drops will fall on their house]. I saw it with my own eyes and I heard it with my own ears,” Kaur told me in a telephone interview.
Bachchan has denied the allegations. In a  2011 letter to a Sikh leader , he wrote, “The Nehru-Gandhi family and our family have old ties from our city of origin, Allahabad. We have been together in each other's hour of grief and joy, but to allege that I was a part of the crowd that incited them to raise anti-Sikh slogans is a preposterous and blatant lie.”
Kaur, who now lives in Amritsar, said that pursuing these cases in the United States is not a futile effort. “Anyone who watched Doordarshan that day saw him raising the slogan. But still no one in the country has taken action against him. When you can’t get justice in your own country then you are forced to go before another country and cry about the injustice that you are facing,” she said.
When I asked Mukhtiar Singh if the Sikh community has been able to move on after the riots, he said, “Time heals wounds. People may want to move on from the terror but they cannot forget the death of their loved ones.”
Even today, 30 years later, he remains emotional and introspective about the riots. “In America, there are Indians, Germans and French but if you talk to them, they will first say that they are Americans,” he said. “But today we are [still] voting over religion and caste. So how are we Indians?”
Betwa Sharma is a journalist based in New Delhi. Follow her at @BetwaSharma .
Recommend

Gains from bonus sharesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Steep hike in city gas price; CNG at Rs 43.45; PNG at Rs 26.58E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Workers  anger strikes Hindustan UnileverE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Suzlon narrows Q2 loss to R656 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Deficit at 83% of target  Arun Jaitley says alls wellE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stocks: Tricks in past  Oct. ends with sweet treatTricks behind it, October ends with sweet, market treat
By: Adam Shell October 31, 2014 7:42 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Tricks turned to treats for investors in October. Pictured: Kindergartner Adelaide Quist of Lena Whitmore Elementary School in Moscow, Idaho. (AP/Moscow-Pullman Daily News)
October, the month known for stock market crashes, delivered its nasty bag of tricks to investors earlier this month. But the month, also known as a time when markets bottom out and turn up, ended up delivering a sweet treat to Wall Street.
The big October surprise, given its reputation as a spooky month due to famous crashes in 1929 and 1987, is that the stock market made a sharp U-turn mid-month, and engineered a “V-shaped” recovery that enabled the broad U.S. market to narrowly avoid its first official correction, or drop of 10% or more from a prior high, since late 2011.
Heading into Friday’s trading session, the Dow Jones industrial average, Standard & Poor’s 500 and Nasdaq composite are all less than 1% below their recent peaks. All three indexes are up sharply in pre-market trading and have a shot at making either new all-time or 2014 highs today if the rally sticks through the close.
The month started off badly, exacerbating fears that stocks would suffer another 1987-type shock. On the first trading day of October, investors were confronted with the first case of Ebola diagnosed on U.S. soil and the small-cap Russell 2000 entering official correction territory. The result: a Dow drop of 238 points. The market then got spooked by a global growth scare, and the S&P 500-stock index dipping below its average price over the past 200 days, which signaled the long-term uptrend was in jeopardy.
Then on Oct. 15, with the Dow down 460 points and on the verge of collapse, the market suddenly reversed course, finishing the day down just 173 points. At its intra-day low of 15,855 that day, the Dow was off 8.2% from its Sept. 19 record close of 17,279.74.
The market hasn’t looked back since. Powered by a strong third-quarter earnings season, which was jump-started back on Oct. 17 by a key earnings “beat” from Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley, the market regained its footing.
The bullish vibe picked up steam as negative headlines turned positive. Ebola fears faded as the spread of the virus in the U.S. was halted. Apple, the world’s most valuable company, topped profit forecasts on Oct. 21, the same day China’s third-quarter growth came in at 7.3%, topping expectations. Two days later better-than-expected profit reports from Dow components and U.S. bellwethers Caterpillar and 3M added to the newfound optimism. Not even the Federal Reserve’s announcement Wednesday that it was ending its market-friendly bond-buying program could derail the rally.
Finally, in a powerful one-two punch of good news the past two days, Visa posted blowout earnings Thursday and the Bank of Japan gave investors reason to cheer Friday when it announced fresh stimulus measures to jump-start its sagging economy and try to avoid a deflationary spiral.
Also, boosting stock prices, according to Citigroup, was a surprise announcement by Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF), which manages 127 trillion yen, or $1.13 trillion U.S. dollars. The fund said it was doubling its investments in both Japanese and global stocks to 25% of its portfolio, from 12%. Overall, the GPIF’s total portfolio will see stocks grow to a 50% stake, from 25%. A 50% stake in stocks is equivalent to $565 billion in buying power. The move by the GPIF is bullish as it provides additional buying power for stocks globally, analysts say.
The result: The stock market has enjoyed a sugar-high-type rally, with most of the major U.S. stock indexes looking like they will wipe out all of the sizable losses they chalked up midway through October.
An hour after the opening bell, the Dow was up 170 points, or 1%, to 17,365. Earlier in the session it hit a new intraday record of 17,368.32. The Nasdaq was up 1.4% t0 4629, notching a fresh 14-plus year high. The Standard & Poor’s 500 was 1% higher at 2014.
Here’s a chart showing how far the major stock indexes fell from their recent closing highs to their October intra-day lows — and how close they were to wiping out their losses at the start of trading today.
Index          Max. intraday % drop     % off recent high
Dow            -8.2%                                 -0.5%
S&P 500     -9.5%                                 -0.8%
Nasdaq      -10.5%                                -0.7%
USA TODAY research
 

New gen entrepreneurs unafraid to start up a...You are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurs
Why 'failure' is not a bad word in India Inc any more
Harsimran Julka & Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ankur Singla
(Investors are egging first-time…)
NEW DELHI: Corporate lawyer Ankur Singla had raised eyebrows when he quit a cushy London job in 2009 to return to India and start Wasiyat—a platform to automate making of inheritance wills. Eighteen months on, with no customer and no savings, it was shutters down. But Singla was unfazed.
Six months later, Singla started another venture, Akosha, to redress consumer complaints. This year, the company raised $5.2 million from US-based venture fund Sequoia Capital.
Nav Chatterji has had a similar ride. In 2012, when Dallas-based Chatterji flew down to Delhi to attend a wedding, he found that no readymade suit would fit him. The predicament led him to start Seat14A, a ready-to-wear menswear fashion startup which would sell online to clients in the US and Europe. The Delhi-based company went on to raise Rs 30 lakh from 500-Startups, a US-based accelerator. It, however, burnt it all up and downed shutters last December.
Singla and Chatterji are among the markers of resilience in the country's startup ecosystem, where "failure" is fading away as a bad word. The not-solucky entrepreneurs are fast learning the curve to "start-up" again or join as top executives in successful startups and investor firms.
For his core team, Singla went for former entrepreneurs, including Vishal Pal Chowdhury, founder of now shut online tests startup TopChalks who was made chief technology officer. "Failed entrepreneurs have an incredible zeal to deal with chaos and work insanely hard," Singla said. Chatterji, who has started Khoobh, a design firm in Delhi, after shutting down Seat14A, said, "We waited for over nine months to raise another round but investors backed out."
Chatterji's Seat14A was named after his seat number on the flight he had taken to India from the US. Experts say that "risk" and "failure" is no longer taboo words in India's entrepreneurial circles. "Failure was seen as synonymous with wastage in India which is a 'no-no' in a resourcescarce economy.
This is changing," said Rishikesha T Krishnan, director of IIM Indore and former partner at tech firm Helios System Software.
"Experimentation is no longer seen as an expensive luxury. It is no longer a taboo to fail." In India, about 600 new ventures emerge every year. However, a study by Microsoft Accelerator says that about half of them die in the first year while the 30% that go past the crucial 12-18 months mark also eventually end up in the grave within three years. For every Snapdeal and Flipkart, there have been dozens of corpses that have been left behind. Despite the high mortality rate, young India appears unafraid to take up the cudgels again.
While the failure rate of startups in the West is no less (about 80% in Silicon Valley), failed entrepreneurs in the US wear their bankruptcies as a badge of honor, as opposed to India where businessmen tend to hide entrepreneurial failures.
"In India, it's always good to announce what's the next move you have taken. Negative perceptions from family and friends can be killing at a time when you are drained financially and emotionally," said Ashish Tulsian, who shut his bulk SMS platform TechnoApex in 2011, when the government tightened norms for the SMS industry.
It's not just startups, but domestic risk capital investors too who are grappling with this conundrum. "We try and find a good home for the team. Look at aqui-hires or even a fire sale," said Rehan yar Khan, managing partner, Orios Venture Partners, one of India's most storied angel investors.
Investors, however, are increasingly making it clear that shutting the funding tap has to be an exercisable option. "There is no cookie-cutter approach. We have been involved in closure of certain portfolio companies, and there are liabilities, or outstanding payables, such as payroll, that have to be met," said Rahul Khandelwal, vice-president at Lumis Partners. There has, however, been a marked change in perception of the so-called "failed" entrepreneurs.
"Yes, of course, we would consider backing such an entrepreneur again. Life is a learning game, sometimes the entrepreneur may not have even made mistakes. It just wasn't the best time," said Orios' Khan. While entrepreneurs agree that public perception plays an important role in egging them on, it's only in the last two years that Indian metros have started accepting those who failed as the "bold who tried". Smaller towns, however, are still unforgiving. "The idea is not to listen even to your loved ones if they don't believe in your dream," said Bhopal-based Appointy's CEO, Nemesh Singh, who started a company in 2003 after failing to land a decent job after graduation.
Gaurav Yadav, a former Tulip Telecom executive who shifted from Delhi to Lucknow to start Quiz League for Schools last year, said, "In small towns, 'risk' is a very negative word, and family is the biggest opposition to entrepreneurial dreams." Some entrepreneurs see investment in their startups as equivalent to earning a management degree.

Ideology should not divide history: Modiceremony
‘Country which forgets history can never create it ’
Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagged off the ‘Run for Unity’ from Rajpath on Friday morning to commemorate independent India's first Home Minister and his hero Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s 139th birth anniversary.
The event, which saw the participation of a large number of people including school children, was celebrated as Rashtriya Ekta Diwas or national unity day. The PM was joined by Cabinet Ministers and several prominent sports personalities including cricketer Gautam Gambhir and boxer Sushil Kumar.
Earlier, Mr Modi said, “Sardar Patel’s life was a journey of service to the motherland and he was truly the architect of modern India.” “Sardar Patel’s life is a journey of deep-rooted courage, dedication and service to the Motherland. The country which forgets history can never create history and go forward, so for a country filled with aspirations, a country whose youth has dream, we should not forget our personalities of history.... country should not divide history and legacy according to our ideologies,” he added.
PTI reports
PM receives Patel memorabilia
Plates, cups, saucers and other items used by Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel were on Friday handed over by their custodian to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.The personal belongings were presented to Mr. Modi at his residence by Sheila Ghatate of the Delhi-based Manjiri Trust, a PMO statement said. These items had been willed to Ghatate by Bipin Dahyabhai Patel, grandson of Sardar Patel, and his wife Lui, the statement said.
“These items are a unique part of India’s heritage,” Modi wrote on his Facebook page.

M&M Q2 profit dips 4.33% to Rs 946.63 croreM&M Q2 profit dips 4.33% to Rs 946.63 crore
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar participates in  Run for Unity  organised in ChandigarhHaryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar participates in  Run for Unity  organised in Chandigarh
For Lower Manhattan  a new skyline since 9/11  and a new neighborhoodBy Jonathan O'Connell October 31 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
At 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. This is what New York City looks like from way up. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
NEW YORK – When the people of this city set out to rebuild the World Trade Center after Sept. 11, they planned to erect a lasting memorial, remake the skyline and restore Lower Manhattan as a financial center.
But when the 104-story One World Trade Center officially opens for business Monday – the tallest and most expensive building in the Western Hemisphere – it will have ushered in a rebirth of lower Manhattan as a vibrant, urban neighborhood where people live, shop and eat, rather than just hustle home from white collar jobs.
While officials and developers battled over final details of the reconstruction in recent years, the neighborhoods around Ground Zero blossomed. Though finance and accounting firms including Deloitte & Touche and Fidelity Investments have not returned in any significant way, hordes of condo buyers arrived, attracted by walkable neighborhoods, chic bars and chef-driven restaurants.
The political battles, lawsuits and disagreements behind the reconstruction of One World Trade Center have been well chronicled over the past decade.
But the way in which the violent attack on New York City 13 years ago ultimately spawned an urban revival is much less appreciated.
The population in the neighborhood tripled . Celebrity chef Tom Colicchio, Keith McNally and Joël Robuchon announced plans to open nearby. And on Monday, one of the standard bearers for posh Manhattan – Condé Nast, purveyor of the New Yorker and Vanity Fair – will move into the tower, occupying 1.2 million of its 3 million square feet.
“The old Lower Manhattan and the old World Trade Center was a typical nine-to-five neighborhood. It was our parents’ or grandparents’ Lower Manhattan,” said Scott H. Rechler, a real estate developer who is vice chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which developed the building. “This is a 24-hour, seven-day-a-week, vibrant business district with a diverse group of tenants and a lot of creative, Millenial-type workers.”
Last week, as workers took down some of the final construction fences from around One World Trade Center and five trucks full of office furniture arrived, the question wasn’t so much how the $3.2 billion project could save downtown New York but whether it could bring it up another level.
A view of One World Trade Center towering above the Lower Manhattan skyline, as seen from across the Hudson River in Jersey City, N.J. (Lee Powell / The Washington Post)
The summer before the attacks, Port Authority officials thought they had largely extracted themselves from the real estate businesses when they agreed to lease the two towers of the previous World Trade Center to private developers for 99 years.
Six weeks later the towers were smoldering rubble, and Lower Manhattan looked like a war zone. The port authority, which lost 84 members of its staff in the attacks, still owned the 16 acres of land on the site.
“It really was this period of breaking it into phases,” Rechler said. “A period of mourning and patriotism and cleaning it up. And then a period of what are we going to do with it. And then, how are we going to do it.”
A year later the developer that had bought the lease, Silverstein Properties, began plotting some 10 million square feet of new offices to replace the twin towers. 
Silverstein’s architects, from Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, remained in place to design One World Trade Center even though another architect, Daniel Libeskind, had been named master architect of the entire complex. 
But the idea that commercial office space should be rebuilt at Ground Zero at all bred early distrust for public officials, said Lee Ielpi, who lost his son, a firefighter, in the attacks and is now board president of an association of victims’ families.
The memories of what happened that day were still so raw. For years, rescue and construction workers continued to find body parts there, each a reminder that the 16-acre site still held the remains of many of the nearly 2,800 people that died there, hundreds of whom were never found.
How could anyone think about building a project there to make money? 
Ultimately, Ielpi said the port authority and the city provided enough space and money for the 9/11 memorial and museum that most families felt at peace with the glass-skinned office building coming out of the ground next door.
“I always felt that we do need to rebuild,” he said. “We do need to have a large memorial but in my eyes not rebuilding something big would in some way show these terrorists that they had succeeded in some way.”
Angled glass fins protrude from stainless steel panels on the 185-foot tall concrete base of One World Trade Center. This base houses mechanical equipment and is designed to protect the building against ground-level explosions. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Still, no one would have moved into the building had they feared the new tower wouldn’t be safer than the old ones. 
After consulting with the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and local police forces, architects added a 20-story fortress-like base of concrete and steel that contains mostly building systems and few offices. 
The perimeter of the building is comprised of 24 steel columns, each 60 feet long and weighing 70 tons. A concrete core more than a meter thick encases its elevators and stairwells. In all, the building includes 45,000 tons of structural steel and 208,000 cubic yards of concrete, much of it four times stronger than what is typically used in sidewalks. 
“One of the things that was most salient was that it was built at a time when we had to move past the current building codes,” said T.J. Gottesdiener, managing partner of SOM’s New York office. “In this era of safety, fighting fires and evacuating occupants had a different meaning to it.”
Patrick J. Foye, executive director of the port authority, called the building “the most secure office building in America.” The final price tag for redevelopment of Ground Zero, including a transportation center scheduled to open next spring, could reach $20 billion. 
A view to the north of the Empire State Building and midtown Manhattan from the 63rd floor of One World Trade Center. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Not all the financial firms are gone but Fidelity and Deloitte weren’t alone in moving hundreds or thousands of employees out of downtown after the attacks. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and Japanese banking giant Nomura inked moved to Midtown, while the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation and others moved the majority of their employees to Jersey City.
Landlords in the neighborhoods around Ground Zero were largely left to either drop the rents or empty their buildings and convert them to apartment buildings. 
Both strategies introduced new energy. The population of Lower Manhattan has tripled, from 20,000 to 60,000, with thousands of residents living in newly built or renovated condominium towers. Another 2,200 units in 10 buildings are under construction, according to the Alliance for Downtown New York, an association of building owners. Media, advertising and technology companies began snapping up the discounted office space, bringing a more a creative workforce downtown. 
The number of people living in Lower Manhattan has tripled. (Alliance for Downtown New York)
Chuck Townsend, chief executive of Condé Nast, said “there is a great deal of pride” in being the largest renter at One World Trade. He likened the company’s move to its relocation 15 years ago into Times Square, known at the time more for pawn shops than high-end offices. 
About 3,000 employees will work in One World Trade Center, on floors 20 through 44, with the move-in complete by early 2015.
“We pioneered Times Square and I’m telling you it was no jewel at that time,” he said. “In a way it was a much more challenging move than moving into this well-developed, well-cultivated neighborhood where there are beautiful offices and residential buildings and a gorgeous park and a wonderful memorial.”
Even with Condé Nast, One World Trade Center is only about 60 percent leased – a potential cause for concern – but Time Inc., book publisher HarperCollins and Macmillan Science and Education, publisher of Nature and Scientific American, have all made or announced moves downtown recently. Office leasing activity for the first half of the year was 43 percent higher than last year.
“This was an area that was quiet, where people had gone home after around six o’clock. Now this is probably one of the most attractive parts of Manhattan for people to be, and I think companies are recognizing that,” said Foye.
Salons, gyms and restaurants are following suit. Eataly, the Italian food marketplace, plans to open in 4 World Trade Center. “Restaurateurs think, ‘We want to be the lunch room for Condé Nast, so if we don’t have a downtown location we should open one,’” said Jessica Lappin, president of the downtown alliance.
It may take longer for New Yorkers to get used to the change to their skyline than it did for them to adapt to the changing vibe downtown. Blair Kamin, architectural critic for the Chicago Tribune, recently called the building a “bold but flawed giant.”
Ielpi, father of the firefighter who died in the attacks, said he considered the building a “beautiful piece showing our country’s resolve.” 
“We had to bring commerce back to the city. We had to show our strength. This is the center of the universe. So I’m very proud of One World Trade Center, but as soon as we forget why we had to rebuild it we have failed.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister  Sena joins bashDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister  Sena joins bash
China s Oct factory growth unexpectedly slips to 5-month low - official PMIChina s Oct factory growth unexpectedly slips to 5-month low - official PMI
Costar Technologies  Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30  2014Costar Technologies  Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30  2014
Giving new life to AadhaarUpdated: October 31, 2014 01:02 IST
Giving new life to Aadhaar
politics
The imperatives of governance have a tendency to make political parties think differently once they are in power and revisit earlier misgivings. Nothing illustrates this better than the Narendra Modi government’s decision to go ahead with the ‘Aadhaar’ scheme aimed at giving unique identification numbers to residents. The Bharatiya Janata Party had on some occasions in the past voiced its reservations about the viability and desirability of the scheme and questioned the legal basis of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) set up by the previous United Progressive Alliance regime. Many had questioned the lack of statutory basis for the project, voiced concern over the security implications of the possible enrolment of non-citizens, and argued that collecting biometric data without enabling legal provisions violated constitutional rights. However, the Modi regime views the scheme as a possible means to meet its own policy goals. It appears to have come round to the view that having a unique identification number may improve efficiency and targeted delivery of services. The Home Ministry has in a letter to the States come out in support of the Aadhaar scheme, saying it is a sound way of authenticating beneficiaries of government schemes and services.
The NDA government is now targeting universal coverage of the entire country under the Aadhaar project by June 2015. Latest statistics show that as many as 70 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued, making it the world’s largest biometric database, and that over 50 crore people are yet to be covered. The government will have to reckon with multiple challenges before it can translate its policy goal of using authentic identification as the driving force behind delivery of benefits and services. The scheme is under challenge before the Supreme Court, and by an interim order the government has been restrained from making Aadhaar numbers mandatory for availing any benefit or service. To overcome the judicial challenge, the government needs to put in place a sound legal framework. This requires provisions for digital identity protection and steps to ensure that different kinds of personal, demographic and biometric data are truly disaggregated and do not fall cumulatively in the wrong hands — transnational databases, for instance. Secondly, the physical process of enrolling people with both demographic and biometric data remains cumbersome, and it needs to be made simpler and more accessible. Thirdly, the government must always preserve alternative means of identifying individuals and verifying their addresses so that a particular form of identification does not become restrictive or mandatory.

Harley-Davidson woos young Indians with bike culturePrint
By Aman Shah
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Harley-Davidson Inc, battling upstart competitors in its traditional markets, says it is betting on India's young and affluent urbanites to help establish a "leisure riding" culture there and boost sales of its first new bike in over a decade.
With Lynyrd Skynyrd and Deep Purple playing in the background, the iconic United States motorcycle company on Thursday launched three new bikes in India, a country more associated with pot holes and traffic snarl-ups than open roads.
"I think there's a lot of people (in India) who are enthusiastic, who are riders at heart, and are now seeing an opportunity to enter into this lifestyle. It is much more accessible," India Managing Director Anoop Prakash told Reuters on the sidelines.
The bikes launched included the company's costliest offering in India to date, a limited edition CVO Limited, priced at 4.9 million rupees. That is the equivalent of a BMW 5 Series sedan or almost seven decades of pay for many families in country where average income is closer to $1,200 a year.
But Prakash, a former U.S. Marine, said he was confident the brand -- which Harley nourishes in India with rock music festivals and bike rallies -- would prove attractive to aspirational young Indians, for whom a motorcycle is more than simply the cheapest form of motorised transport.
India is the world's largest motorcycle market after China, but the roads are packed with cheaper models. Makers of high-end motorcycles, from Ducati to Yamaha Motor, are only just breaking into the market.
"We are reaching out to a lot of younger riders," Prakash said.
Harley Davidson has suffered recalls that tarnished the roll-out of the "Street," its first entirely new bike in more than a decade and its first Harley-badged lightweight motorcycle since the 1970s.
But in India, its stripped-down 'Street' series launched earlier this year at $7,000 has helped it more than double sales in the six months through September, according to data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers.
"We're looking at the establishment of a long-term leisure riding culture and doing it the Harley-Davidson way," he said.
Harley, which entered India five years ago, has since set up its own assembly line in the country. Earlier this year it set up its first manufacturing facility outside its parent market in northern India.
(Reporting by Aman Shah in Mumbai; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Photos: Slow  gentle yet threatening lavaCrime
Hawaii lava flow
A slow-moving river of molten lava from an erupting volcano crept over residential and farm property on Hawaii's Big Island on Wednesday after incinerating an outbuilding as it threatened dozens of homes at the edge of a former plantation town. The lava flow from the Kilauea volcano has been slogging toward the village of Pahoa for weeks, moving at speeds of 10 to 15 yards (meters) an hour as it bubbled over a cemetery and reached the community's outskirts. (REUTERS)
In this Oct. 28, 2014 photo provided by Pete Stachowicz of Paradise Helicopters, a house burns to the ground as lava flows around it near the town of Pahoa on the Big Island of Hawaii. The National ... more 
In this Oct. 28, 2014 photo provided by Pete Stachowicz of Paradise Helicopters, a house burns to the ground as lava flows around it near the town of Pahoa on the Big Island of Hawaii. The National Guard is deploying troops to the rural Hawaii town as lava makes a slow crawl toward a major road and threatens to further isolate the community that got its start during the lumber- and sugar-plantation heyday. Hawaii County Civil Defense Director Darryl Oliveira said Thursday, Oct. 30, 2014, the National Guard is deploying 83 troops to Pahoa to help provide security. The troops will help with a roadblock and with other safety issues. (AP Photo/Pete Stachowicz, Paradise Helicopters) less 
1 / 30
Associated Press | Photo by Pete Stachowicz, Paradise Helicopters
Fri 31 Oct, 2014 3:48 AM IST

Core sector growth slowest in 8 monthsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

UN resolution urges Myanmar to drop identityplanA new UN draft resolution takes aim at Myanmar's campaign to have Rohingya Muslims identify as a term they reject.
By: Associated Press | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:03 am
A new UN draft resolution takes aim at Myanmar’s aggressive campaign to have its Rohingya Muslims identify as a term they reject, urging “access to full citizenship on an equal basis.”
The European Union-drafted resolution, obtained Friday by The Associated Press, is one piece of international pressure on the Southeast Asian country to change its campaign, preferably before world leaders including President Barack Obama arrive for a regional summit in less than two weeks.
Myanmar’s 1.3 million Rohingya have been denied citizenship and have almost no rights. Attacks by Buddhist mobs have left hundreds dead and 140,000 trapped in camps. Others are fleeing the country.
Authorities want to officially categorise the Rohingya as “Bengalis,” implying they are illegal migrants from neighboring Bangladesh. The Rohingya counter that many of their families have been in Myanmar for generations. Effectively stateless, they are wanted by neither country and say the Myanmar government’s campaign feels like an effort to have them systematically erased.
The vast majority of Rohingya live in the state of Rakhine. President Thein Sein, a former general, is considering a “Rakhine Action Plan” that would make people who identify themselves as Rohingya not only ineligible for citizenship but candidates for detainment and possible deportation.
The resolution now before the General Assembly’s human rights committee is nonbinding, but a strong vote in its support would send a message that international opinion is not on Myanmar’s side.
A Myanmar diplomat assigned to that committee, reached by telephone Friday for comment, said, “It’s too early to say.”
The resolution expresses “serious concern” about the Rohingya’s status. It calls on the government to “allow freedom of movement and equal access to full citizenship for the Rohingya minority” and to “allow self-identification.”
Myanmar’s plan worries some in the Muslim world, and the Organization for Islamic Cooperation pushed for strong language in the resolution.
The Rohingya have emerged as a sensitive issue as Myanmar, a predominantly Buddhist state, tries to move away from decades of repressive military rule toward democracy.
This week, Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, Tim Kyaw, told the General Assembly’s human rights committee that his country is not “targeting a religion.” He warned that “insisting on the right to self-identification will only impose obstacles to finding a lasting solution” to ethnic tensions.
Vijay Nambiar, the UN secretary-general’s special adviser on Myanmar, told The Associated Press this week that Myanmar’s government is facing increasing pressure to allow the Rohingya to identify as something other than Rohingya or Bengali.
But, Nambiar said, “In the immediate future, the government says that’s not possible.”

Mahindra & Mahindra sees tractor growth falling below 5% on poor rains  cyclonesMahindra & Mahindra sees tractor growth falling below 5% on poor rains  cyclones
Smokers unfazed by price hikes lift ITC net 9%Smokers unfazed by price hikes lift ITC net 9%
Former Android head Andy Rubin leaving GoogleFormer Android head Andy Rubin leaving Google
Bharti Airtel may cut promotional offers & discounted pricing soonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sena warms up to BJP  slams CongressUpdated: October 31, 2014 13:14 IST
Sena warms up to BJP, slams Congress
Alok Desphande
The Hindu Police personnel inspect the Wankhede stadium, the venue for the swearing-in ceremony of the new Maharashtra Cabinet on Friday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
political development
The party chose to target the Congress for attacking the BJP for the reportedly ‘huge expenditure` being incurred on the much publicised oath taking ceremony
The Shiv Sena, which has decided to stay away from the swearing-in-ceremony of the first ever BJP government in Maharashtra this evening, has not given up hopes of making a come-back into the BJP alliance fold.
This is evident from an editorial in the party mouthpiece Saamna, which chose to target the Congress for attacking the BJP for the reportedly ‘huge expenditure` being incurred on the much publicised oath taking ceremony.
After all its efforts to convince the BJP to include a content of its nominees in the government failed, the Sena on Thursday evening announced that it has chosen not to participate in the oath ceremony as the party was not treated with dignity.
“Some Congress leaders have criticised the amount that will be spent on this programme. This is an indication of their defeated state of mind,” said an editorial in Saamna.
Several activists and political leaders have criticised the BJP for spending crores of rupees of government’s money over the swearing in ceremony which will take place in Mumbai’s Wankhede stadium.
All top-most BJP leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be present. The party has invited celebrities from sports, film world and industry. Well-known designer Nitin Chandrakant Desai has been given the task of setting up a stage for the programme. A special cultural program will also be held prior to the ceremony.
The editorial said that those who are responsible to take this state on the path of bankruptcy through their corruption cases of thousands of crores are now shouting against the expenditure of this programme. “This is ridiculous,” it said.
The Sena meanwhile has clarified that it will not participate in the ceremony, citing disrespectful behaviour from the BJP.
Claiming that the previous governments are responsible for a debt of Rs 3.5 lakh crore against the state, the editorial said that today’s swearing in ceremony is to wipe out the sins committed in last 15 years of rule.
Extending best wishes to the Chief Minister designate, Devendra Fadanvis, the editorial said that he must work to work to stop the outflow of money from Mumbai to other states. “Maharashtra’s identity in last 15 years was of a state of scams. This swearing in ceremony will bring a new start and therefore the program must be of great standard,” it said.

A look back at the Rumble in the JungleEYE BROWSE
A look back at the Rumble in the Jungle
It was 40 years ago that two men met just before dawn on Oct. 30, 1974, to earn $5 million in the Rumble in the Jungle.
In one of boxing's most memorable moments, Muhammad Ali stopped the fearsome George Foreman to recapture the heavyweight title in the impoverished African nation of Zaire.
The day before the fight in Kinshasa, Foreman and Ali made separate trips to the presidential palace to pay homage to Mobutu Sese Seko, the brutal dictator who wanted to put his country (now Congo) on the world map.
The fight would finally unfold in the steamy darkness of equatorial Africa at 4 a.m., with machine gun-carrying soldiers watching the crowd from ringside and Joe Frazier among the interested spectators.
Late in the eighth round, Ali landed a combination with a final right hand that seemed to crumple Foreman in pieces, ending the fight with a knockout. [Text: Associated Press]
Gallery View:A look back at the Rumble in the Jungle

After Uddhav Thackeray relents  BJP  Shiv Sena alliance alive againE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Super Nani: movie reviewE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra CM  Thackeray at swearing-inE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Younis  double puts Pakistan in driving seatMore
Younis' double puts Pakistan in driving seat
2nd Test — Australian bowlers were given the run-around by Younis Khan (213) and Misbah-ul Haq (101) on Day 2 in Abu Dhabi.
By The Report by Daniel Brettig | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 31 Oct, 2014 6:33 PM IST
0
Younis dominated sloppy Australia.
Australia 22 for 1 trail Pakistan 570 for 6 dec (Younis Khan 213, Azhar Ali 109, Misbah-ul-Haq 101) by 548 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
As the biggest crowd of the series poured into Abu Dhabi's Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Younis Khan and Misbah-ul-Haq poured Pakistani runs into Australia's open wound. A first series victory for Pakistan against their Antipodean opponents since 1994 would now appear only three days away.
A wonderful Friday assembly was regaled by Younis' 213 and Misbah's 101, the well-travelled pair enjoying utter domination of Australia's bowlers, who did not gain a wicket until Pakistan's captain bunted a return catch to Steven Smith .
Misbah declared 45 minutes before stumps, and Chris Rogers' exit to perhaps the best ball bowled in the match so far - a perfectly-pitched away cutter from Imran Khan - completed Pakistan's perfect day. The contrast with Michael Clarke 's team was emphasised by the travails of Brad Haddin , who jarred his shoulder when diving to intercept a Younis edge that fell short of his outstretched glove.
Azhar Ali was taken down the leg side by the stand-in gloveman David Warner . While Haddin returned in the afternoon he was in pain often, even when he raised his right arm in futile appeals for a wicket to break the stand. After tea Warner again took up the gloves.
Australia slackened noticeably in the final session of day one but Mitchell Johnson bent his back on resumption to deliver a spell that actually extracted some bounce from a moribund surface. Younis was inconvenienced more than once, and in Johnson's second over of the day he waved his bat at a ball angled across and offered a chance in the gully, where Warner dropped it.
The spurning of such a rare opportunity seemed to suggest that Australia's fielders had ceased to expect catches with the regularity of last summer, and their troubles were soon compounded by another ball that fell short. Diving for a Younis edge from Peter Siddle , Haddin landed on the point of his right shoulder and after grimacing through a few overs in obvious pain, he gave up the gloves to Warner.
Almost immediately Nathan Lyon beat Younis through the air and off the pitch with a sharp off break, but Warner was unable to complete the stumping chance. Lyon could not really blame his part-time offsider, and in the next over Warner made amends in any event. Azhar's fine leg glance off Mitchell Starc required swift movement to the left but Warner did so ably.
The wicket brought only temporary relief however, as Misbah quickly found his stride in the company of the unflappable Younis. Pakistan's captain appeared to enjoy the rare sensation of walking out to bat with his side in complete control, and skipped to a rapid half-century.
Haddin returned to the field after lunch, but his pained expressions were to be mimicked by team-mates as Younis and Misbah stretched out their stand with minimal difficulty.
In a strong indicator of Australia's need to look for a quality leg-spin bowler, Smith was the only man to cause trouble, gaining variation of spin and also having one ball shoot through low. But the Australians were now minor characters in a pageant that was being watched by a hearty crowd, just in time to laud Younis' double hundred and Misbah's first century in almost a year.
Smith's dismissal of Misbah shortly before tea required a video replay to confirm, but the part-timer's success appeared another omen for Pakistan - Yasir Shah watched from the stands. Younis' innings was only ended by a charge and slog at Siddle. Without such extravagance he may well have batted on forever.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Tribune Publishing completes purchase of Sun-Times suburban properties1
Chicago-based Tribune Publishing, which includes the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times and eight other daily newspapers, was spun off from Tribune Media in August.
Speculation that the Chicago Tribune's parent was looking to buy the Sun-Times' suburban papers surfaced last week. The blueprint for such a move has been in place since veteran magazine executive Griffin took the helm of Tribune Publishing this year.
Griffin has said strategic acquisitions such as the May purchase of two Maryland newspapers — The Capital in Annapolis and the Carroll County Times, expanding the reach of the company's Baltimore Sun — would be part of a larger plan to reverse years of declining revenues across the newspaper group.
The acquisition of the Sun-Times suburban newspapers dovetails with that broader strategy, with some market-specific efficiencies baked in.
"It allows us to leverage this very big infrastructure that we have here in Chicago, from virtually every angle," Griffin said. "Not only are we leveraging the resources, but we're leveraging the management teams."
The Chicago Tribune already prints and distributes the Chicago Sun-Times and its former suburban newspapers. In August 2013, the Sun-Times executed cancellation clauses terminating the separate printing and distribution deals, which pay the Tribune about $70 million per year, according to sources. The printing cancellation was effective in May, with the distribution deal to end the following year.
The new agreement will keep the Sun-Times as a commercial client, while taking over printing and distribution for Tribune's newly acquired suburban papers at cost, making them potentially more profitable as well, according to executives.
"It really is our opportunity to grow," said Tony Hunter, publisher and CEO of the Chicago Tribune Media Group. "It's also exciting to establish a new long-term relationship with the Chicago Sun-Times and to ink the print and distribution deal."
Fleck has served as executive vice president of advertising for Tribune Publishing since January. Previously, he headed up advertising for the Chicago Tribune Media Group.
As part of his new role, Fleck also will oversee TribLocal, a 7-year-old hyperlocal platform offering suburban news through websites and weekly inserts integrated into the Chicago Tribune. Fleck sees TribLocal and the suburban newspapers as complementary products, but did not outline a specific plan for maximizing the relationship.
"We believe there is synergy that can happen to make all the products better," Fleck said.
Suburban newspapers in the Sun-Times Media portfolio total about 70,000 in daily circulation, according to the semiannual report released Tuesday by the Alliance for Audited Media.
Wrapports, an investment group led by technology entrepreneur Michael Ferro, acquired Sun-Times Media for about $20 million in December 2011. That purchase included the flagship paper, seven suburban dailies and 32 weekly newspapers.
In March 2013, Sun-Times Media laid off  longtime suburban editors and staffers to consolidate operations in its downtown Chicago offices. Sun-Times Media agreed to sell the assets of the Joliet-Herald News to Dixon, Ill.-based Shaw Media in December.
Friday's agreement to buy the full suburban portfolio was intertwined with the printing deal, and to some extent, put the Tribune and the Sun-Times on the same page, according to Brad Bulkley, president of Dallas-based Bulkley Capital, which represented Wrapports in the transaction.
"No matter what they paid for the suburban newspapers, it was important that the Tribune maintain profitability and the print and distribution contract," Bulkley said. "And from our point of view, it was important that it be a sound economic deal for us going forward for the Sun-Times, and I think we accomplished that on both ends."
Sun-Times editorial staffers will come over as union employees, and the Tribune will assume the collective bargaining agreement with the Chicago Newspaper Guild, according to Hunter.
On Friday, Ferro said shedding the suburban newspapers will allow the company to focus on its core Chicago newspaper, and its newly launched Sun-Times Network, which will aggregate news content on 70 localized websites across the U.S.
Those sites will be led by Tim Landon, who co-founded careerbuilder.com and cars.com.
"This transaction allows Wrapports to focus on our international digital strategy and to financially strengthen the Chicago Sun-Times," Ferro said in a statement.
With Tribune Publishing acquiring adjacent properties in two of its eight core markets, another logical opportunity may exist in Los Angeles, where earlier this month the Los Angeles Times sued the struggling Orange County Register for breach of contract and failure to pay more than $2 million in delivery fees. While Griffin would not discuss whether other deals were in the works, he remained open to the possibilities.
"We don't project forward, but you can see by our actions that if these opportunities present themselves and there's a deal to be done on favorable terms, we're engaged," Griffin said.

Evangelist Sudhir arrested  admits to offenceUpdated: October 31, 2014 08:10 IST
Evangelist Sudhir arrested, admits to offence
A. D. Rangarajan
THE HINDU Police produce evangelist Mondithoka Sudhir before the media in Tirupati on Thursday. Photo: K.V. Poornachandra Kumar
TOPICS
religion and belief
Special teams were rushed to Hyderabad and Nuzvid on Wednesday, while Sudhir was found after midnight at his Nuzvid address, from where he was arrested under Section 3 of the AP Propagation of Other Religions in Places of Worship or Prayer (Prohibition) Act 2007.
In a swift move, the Tirupati Urban Police arrested Mondithoka Sudhir, founder director of the Hyderabad-based Emmanuel Baptist Ministry of India (IBMI), from his Puterala residence in Vissannapet mandal of Krishna district in the early hours of Thursday. He has been remanded to judicial custody.
For the record, Sudhir’s blasphemous video on Lord Venkateswara, shot during the Samaikyandhra agitation in September 2013, had gone viral. Pretending as gullible devotees, Sudhir and his team members surrendered a copy of The Bible and other missionary material to the security staff at Alipiri check point before proceeding to Tirumala along with a video camera.
Based on a complaint lodged by advocate Samanchi Srinivas, who is also the BJP district general secretary, and following a hue and cry from various quarters, police swung into action and registered a case (Crime No.100/14 at Tirumala Two Town Police Station). A similar case was registered at Alipiri Police Station based on a complaint by the TTD Assistant Vigilance and Security Officer.
Special teams were rushed to Hyderabad and Nuzvid on Wednesday, while Sudhir was found after midnight at his Nuzvid address, from where he was arrested under Section 3 of the AP Propagation of Other Religions in Places of Worship or Prayer (Prohibition) Act 2007. Police also seized his laptop, which was used to upload the video, and his four-wheeler on which he travelled to Tirumala. A manhunt has been launched to nab his younger brother Sukumar and pastors David, Joseph and Yesu Ratnam for complicity in the offence.
Speaking to the media, Sudhir confessed to the offence and termed it as “unfortunate”. A postgraduate from Acharya Nagarjuna University, he said his intention was to spread the message and not merely to raise funds from foreign missionaries. While indicating that it was his first “negative attempt” to portray a faith in bad light, Sudhir also promised that it would be his last.

2G noose tightens: Raja  Kani  Dayalu go on trialFor the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

US spy budget down by over 15 per cent since 2010: OfficialdataThe combined budget for US civilian and military intelligence operations shrunk by more than 15 percent since 2010.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:12 am
The combined budget for US civilian and military intelligence operations has shrunk by more than 15 percent since 2010, official figures show.
The total US intelligence budget was $67.9 billion in the  fiscal year to September 30, according to official figures. That was up only marginally from $67.6 billion the previous year, but followed a steady decline since a peak in 2010.
A variety of factors comes into play, official sources say.
The decline reflected the end of military operations in Iraq in 2011 and the drawdown in Afghanistan, said Bruce Riedel, a former senior intelligence official and security adviser to President Barack Obama.
“Those operations were extremely expensive, not just for the military but also all the civilian agencies. Now that military operations have resumed in Iraq and spread to Syria the costs for intelligence will go back up again,” he said.
James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, has warned that the United States is being exposed to increased risk.
“For the past year or so, the IC has been working through what I’ve referred to as the ‘Perfect Storm’ of factors that cut into our capabilities,” Clapper said in a speech in July.
Apart from budget cuts, he cited a loss of intelligence sources because of “unauthorized disclosures,” a reference to revelations by former CIA contractor Edward Snowden, and policy decisions that excluded some areas of surveillance.
“We as a nation, in my considered professional opinion, are accepting more risk than we were three years ago, or even one year ago,” Clapper said.
Steven Aftergood, an intelligence expert with the Federation of American Scientists, also linked the cutbacks partly with the end of engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan.
“Beyond that, I think hardware programs such as spy satellites are being extended beyond their original operating lifetime. New initiatives are being deferred, hiring has slowed, and so forth. To manage these kind of reductions well is a challenging task. Some loss of capability is to be expected,” Aftergood said. The overall 2013-2014 budget included $50.5 billion for “National Intelligence Program” activities, which include such agencies as the CIA, and another $17.4 for military intelligence activities, officials said.
Figures laying the long-term trend were compiled by the Federation of American Scientists and validated by an intelligence official.

US trooper ambush suspect caught  death penaltyeyedA survivalist accused of ambushing two state troopers, killing one, made his first court appearance on Friday.
By: Associated Press | Lords Valley | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:42 am
A survivalist accused of ambushing two state troopers, killing one and seriously wounding the other, made his first court appearance Friday after he was captured by US marshals near an abandoned airplane hangar, ending a seven-week manhunt that had rattled the nerves of area residents.
Prosecutors will seek the death penalty for Eric Frein, who meekly gave himself up when surrounded Thursday, authorities said. Hundreds of local, state and federal law officers had taken part in the search.
Before onlookers jeered him as he left the courthouse, Frein, 31, listened to charges that he killed Cpl. Bryon Dickson and critically wounded Trooper Alex Douglass in a sniper attack outside their state police barracks Sept. 12. US marshals who took him into custody said he suffered a visible gash on the bridge of his nose and scrape over his left eye while they had him down on the pavement.
He did not have a lawyer and was not asked to enter a plea to first-degree murder and other charges, including possession of two pipe bombs discovered during the search. He remained jailed without bail. A preliminary hearing was set for November 12.
Pike County District Attorney Raymond Tonkin, who said he would seek the death penalty, told reporters that Frein’s capture brought a measure of comfort to the region after an “unimaginable loss of unspeakable proportions.”
Troopers questioned Frein, but authorities would not disclose what he told them or discuss a possible motive. Authorities have said Frein had expressed anti-law enforcement views online and to people who knew him.
Until his capture, Frein had some people beginning to wonder if law enforcement was up to the task, given the rugged terrain and the evident skill with which he eluded dogs, thermal-imaging cameras and teams of heavily armed officers.
Sporadic sightings of the fugitive kept entire communities on edge: A woman claimed to have seen him outside a high school. A local cop spotted a mysterious man in green, prompting an intensive search that came up empty. There were other sightings in which Frein supposedly made himself visible to law enforcement, then vanished.
In fact, with Frein behind bars, plans for trick-or-treating in Barrett Township were back on, and hunting and trapping were given the go-ahead to resume.
A team of federal marshals stumbled across Frein during a sweep about 30 miles from the barracks where he allegedly opened fire, authorities said. He had no gun on him, but had weapons stashed in the hangar, state police said.
The marshals who captured Frein said he had a “defeated” look on his face when they took him into custody. After the marshals turned him over to state police, Frein was placed in Dickson’s handcuffs and driven in Dickson’s squad car to the Blooming Grove barracks.
Authorities said they were trying continued…

UN expresses deep outrage at Islamic StategroupThe UN Security Council is expressing its "deep outrage" at the killings, rapes and torture by the Islamic State.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:19 am
The UN Security Council is expressing its “deep outrage” at the killings, kidnapping, rapes and torture by the Islamic State group in Iraq.
A press statement Friday evening notes that some of the actions “may constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity.”
The statement urges the international community to increase its support of Iraq’s government and security forces.
The council also welcomes the appointments of Iraq’s defense and interior ministers and the swearing-in of Kurdish ministers, “which completed the formation of an inclusive Government that represents all segments of the Iraqi population.”
The Islamic State group has alarmed the international community with its recent seizure of a third of Iraq’s territory and parts of neighboring Syria.
Iraq now faces its worst crisis since the 2011 withdrawal of US troops.

Selection process for PSU bank chiefs to get...Selection process for public sector bank chiefs to get rigorous
ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 05.29AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(Each subcommittee will…)
NEW DELHI: The finance ministry on Friday made changes in the selection process of heads of staterun banks, introducing extra interviews and more independent experts in the selection panel to make the process more robust.
The move falls short of the recommendations of the Reserve Bank of India , which had suggested that the government dissociate itself from the selection process and that the top executives of public sector banks (PSBs) be selected from the wider pool of the private sector. The finance ministry, however, said the changes will bring "more objectivity" to the selection process." We will now have three subcommittees instead of one, which will interview the shortlisted candidates," said financial services secretary GS Sandhu.
Each subcommittee will have two experts and a deputy governor of RBI who will interview the candidates on different parameters before a final decision is taken by the appointment board.
The structure of the appointment board will largely remain the same with RBI governor at the helm and financial services secretary along with four other experts.
"We will hold interviews on November 13 and 14, and hope to give the appointment letter by the end of the month," said Sandhu , adding that the finance ministry will try to get the vigilance clearances for the selected candidates at the earliest. The ministry has further decided not to give a five-year fixed tenure to the selected candidates. "This we will consider for appointments in 2015-16," said Sandhu.
An executive director with a PSB slammed the new selection process and termed the changes cosmetic. "There is nothing new. Government interference continues and there is no clarity on how much weightage will be given to interview as compared with other parameters," he said.
About 15 candidates are expected to sit for the interview of chairman of eight state-run banks.Earlier this week, the government had cancelled the appointments of eight chairmen-cum-managing directors and 14 executive directors of staterun banks made by the previous UPA government .
The ministry had decided to cancel the appointments on the recommendation of a select committee set up to examine the selection process to the posts of CMDs and executive directors of PSBs for 2014-15.The committee was set up earlier this year after Syndicate Bank CMD SK Jain was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation for allegedly accepting bribes of Rs 50 lakh to enhance the credit limit of some companies. The finance ministry is also looking at changing the selection process of statutory auditors of PSBS.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mexican judge orders release of jailed former USMarineA Mexican judge has ordered the immediate release of a jailed former US Marine who spent eight months behind bars.
By: Associated Press | San Diego | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:27 am
A Mexican judge has ordered the immediate release of a jailed former US Marine who spent eight months behind bars for crossing the border with loaded guns.
Family spokesman Jonathan Franks told The Associated Press on Friday that the judge decided to release retired Marine Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi.
Franks said the judge released him without making a determination on the charge against him.
The family issued the following statement: “It is with an overwhelming and humbling feeling of relief that we confirm that Andrew was released today after spending 214 days in Mexican Jail.”
The 26-year-old Florida man said he got lost on a California freeway ramp that sent him across the border with no way to turn back. His long detention brought calls for his freedom from US politicians, veterans groups and social media campaigns.

US: Governors races are test runs for WhiteHouseDemocratic and Republican candidates are locked in tight governors' races across the US that could resonate far beyond Tuesday's elections and have implications for the 2016 presidential contest.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:14 am
Democratic and Republican candidates are locked in tight governors’ races across the US that could resonate far beyond Tuesday’s elections and have implications for the 2016 presidential contest.
Most of the 36 races for governor have been overshadowed by the fierce fight for control of the Senate, with Republicans hoping to wrest the majority from the Democrats. But a number of competitive governors’ races from Florida and Colorado to Michigan and Wisconsin have drawn appearances from prospective White House contenders trying to lay out friendly terrain for 2016.
The stakes are perhaps highest in Florida, and not just for Republican Governor Rick Scott and his opponent Charlie Crist, a former Republican governor-turned-Democrat. The results could provide a blueprint on how White House candidates could win over Florida’s two all-important voting blocs, retirees and Hispanic voters.
Neither reliably Democratic nor Republican, Florida is an important battleground state, and no candidate has won the White House without carrying the state since 1992. Neither Scott nor Crist are among the names being tossed around as potential 2016 candidates, but as governor, either would become a powerful ally for their party’s presidential nominee.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, the leading potential Democratic candidate, has stopped by to support Crist’s campaign, as has her husband, former President Bill Clinton. But if Scott wins, it would be a boost for three Republicans in particular who are considering presidential runs: Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.
Christie, the leader of the Republican Governors Association, has campaigned for Scott and other Republican governor candidates in states that voted for Obama in 2012. Victories in there would burnish the New Jersey governor’s credentials as a Republican who can help secure moderates in swing states and Democratic strongholds.
Even more is at stake for Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, who is in a tough fight for re-election. Ousting Walker would be a huge victory for Democrats, dooming the presidential prospects of one of the country’s most high-profile Republicans. Walker became a hero to many conservatives when he survived a recall referendum spearheaded by opponents of his law that toughened rules for labor unions. If he wins a second term, it would instantly raise his credibility as a conservative Republican able to prevail in heavily working-class state that Obama won two years ago.
In Florida, perhaps no issue is more intriguing for the 2016 picture than the US embargo against Cuba.
Reflecting a growing shift in US attitudes, Crist has called for ending the 44-year-old embargo, trying to make inroads with a new generation of Cuban-Americans who favor normalizing relations with the communist island. Clinton, a former continued…

Chicago: Judge wont close hearing in Islamic StatecaseShafi Khan, right, and Zarine Khan, center, parents of Mohammed Hamzah Khan.
By: Associated Press | Chicago | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:49 am
A federal judge on Friday denied a government request to partially close a detention hearing for a 19-year-old suburban Chicago man who authorities say violated US law by trying to travel to Syria to join Islamic State militants.
Prosecutors fell short of justifying why the public and media should be barred from parts of the upcoming hearing in Chicago for Mohammed Hamzah Khan, US Magistrate Judge Susan Cox wrote in a four-page ruling. Khan is charged with seeking to provide material support to a foreign terrorist group.
Open hearings help engender confidence the American judicial process is fair, Judge Cox added.
“Holding proceedings in secret … frustrates the public interest,” she wrote. “We are to close proceeding only in rare circumstances, when doing so outweighs the value of openness.”
Khan’s Chicago lawyer, Thomas Durkin, heralded that finding.
“It is a victory for the Constitution, which too often takes a beating from the government’s incessant need to create a state of exception in national security-related cases,” he said.
The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and the Chicago Tribune had also sent letters to the judge spelling out their objections to partially closing the hearing, which is scheduled for Monday.
A spokesman for the US attorney’s office in Chicago, Randall Samborn, declined to comment on Friday’s ruling.
Prosecutors had cited the need to protect the identity of two minors they intended to bring up at the hearing as they attempted to show Khan posed a danger to the community or was a flight risk and should remain behind bars. But Cox said she wasn’t convinced their concerns trumped the Sixth Amendment right to a public trial.
Khan was arrested in early October at O’Hare International Airport trying to board flight to Turkey. A subsequent search of his family’s Bolingbrook home turned up a letter he left for his parents, telling them he was disgusted by Western society and felt obliged to travel to the Middle East, federal court documents allege.
Khan’s mother and father, originally from India, are naturalized US citizens; Khan was born in the Chicago area. Durkin has said the parents did not know of their son’s plans to journey to Syria.

Surprise Japanese stimulus lifts markets to record levelsSurprise Japanese stimulus lifts markets to record levels
Nokia not to make handsets in India anymoreNokia not to make handsets in India anymore
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Issues Ruling on 2015 Reimbursement RatesThe Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Issues Ruling on 2015 Reimbursement Rates
Kovai Medical Center & Hospital standalone net profit rises 66.61% in the September 2014 quarterKovai Medical Center & Hospital standalone net profit rises 66.61% in the September 2014 quarter
Companies Act will require lesser regulatory interventions  says GovtCompanies Act will require lesser regulatory interventions  says Govt
GAIL Q2 net goes up 42 percent on strong performanceGAIL Q2 net goes up 42 percent on strong performance
10 Bizarre Ebola  Products  People Are Actually Trying To Sellreddit
Anytime Americans start to panic, you safely assume the opportunistic among us will concoct some creative ways to exploit the fear to their own financial benefit.  And when it comes to the most recent Ebola panic, people are getting particularly creative.
And yes, these items are actually being advertised for sale on the Internet.
For example, you can now purchase an "Ebola Personal Protection Suit."

22 Percent Of Americans Would Rather Die Than Retire Without Enough Moneyreddit
Saving for retirement is scary. So little is knowable, and so much is uncontrollable and uncertain. A new survey from Wells Fargo reinforces just how anxious middle-class Americans are over how much financial security they will have once they retire, if they can ever afford to.
Wells Fargo found that “22 percent of the middle class say they would rather ‘die early’ than not have enough money to live comfortably in retirement.”
This is the depressing state of retirement in America: survey questions that pose an early death as a viable alternative to comfortable retirement.
Americans at least seem to have gotten the message that’s been drilled into them in the 30 years since the 401(k) was created: Personal savings will be your primary source of income when you retire. Only 30 percent of Americans think Social Security will be their primary source of retirement income, according to the Wells Fargo survey.
But the survey also reveals that Americans are deeply aware their personal retirement savings are inadequate, especially as they get older. Forty-eight percent of respondents in their 50s said they won’t have enough to live on if they stop working. Would-be retirees with inadequate savings are left with the choice of working longer or accepting the much lower standard of living that comes with relying only on the government safety net to survive.
The survey defines "middle class" as households with an annual income of $50,000 to $100,000 for 30-to-75-year-olds, and annual household income of $25,000 to $99,000 for 25-to-29-year-olds. The current U.S. median household income is $51,900.
The survey’s rather generous definition of middle class – which skews higher than one common measure of 50 percent above and below median income – makes data points like these even more troubling:
19 percent percent of middle-class Americans have zero retirement savings
34 percent are not currently saving for retirement
A staggering 41 percent of Americans between 50 and 59 are not currently saving for retirement
Based on the numbers, most retirees will be unable to match their current standard of living. The standard assumption is that your retirement income should be 70 to 80 percent of your working income. The median savings across all age groups was a paltry $20,000.
Even a group that has saved a relatively large amount, people in their 40s with a 401(k), haven’t saved anywhere near enough. Their median savings are $50,000. That’s good for a little more than a single year of retirement, based on the current median income. Even bleaker: 40-to-49-year-olds without a 401(k) have median savings of just $10,000.
Why aren't people saving more? The survey's responses offer a hint. Wells Fargo asked what spending “sacrifices” people would make in order to save more. A little more than half said they’d cut back on discretionary and impulse purchases like spa visits, eating out, or jewelry. Yet most of Americans' spending isn’t on such variable, discretionary things. Housing, healthcare, food, and transportation make up about 65 percent of Americans' spending. On top of that, incomes have fallen over the past decade .
In other words, Americans' inability to save for retirement is all about high fixed costs and stagnant wages, not indulgence and a lack of willpower.
Wells Fargo, of course, would like people to think that they can will themselves to save more, and save it with Wells Fargo. From this self-interested perspective, surveys like this are sales pitches. (The first three words of the Wells Fargo report are a link to the company’s retirement services website.) They are meant to jolt and perhaps scare people into doing what they know they should already be doing: saving a lot more.
But this strategy is only effective if people have the means to save. A few Americans have enough individual savings to maintain their standard of living in retirement; most don’t now and likely won’t ever.
The problem, Wells Fargo's Kim Wimbish said , is that “non-retirees worry about their ability to earn more in their lifetime, and they are skeptical the stock market is the place for them to grow their savings.” Those worries are unfortunately well-founded.
More:

Apple Sued Over  Defective  MacBooksThousands of MacBook owners complained about a defect with the laptops they bought in 2011.
Now a few of them are taking their issues to court.
Three MacBook owners filed suit against Apple in a California federal court Tuesday, claiming their 2011 MacBook Pros have defective graphics cards that the computer giant has not adequately fixed or compensated them for.
The plaintiffs are seeking class-action status, meaning they would be fighting for anyone who experienced these problems. A Change.org petition asking for Apple to replace or fix all 2011 MacBook Pros that experience the issue has more than 23,000 supporters.
Apple has not yet responded to the suit. Representatives from Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
According to the filing, the MacBook's problem is rooted in how the graphics card is attached to the computer’s motherboard. The lead-free soldering material, they say, cracks over time because of heat from the unit, “turning their computers into ‘$3000 paperweights.’ ”
“What’s unique about this case is that this problem was there from the onset," said Gary Mason, a founding partner at Whitfield Bryson & Mason LLP, which filed the suit. "Apple knew it," he said.
At launch, the computers came in various models with starting prices ranging from $1,119 to $2,499 . More expensive customizations were also available.
Reports of the alleged flaw in these laptops have been popping up for some time. Threads about the issue were posted on Apple’s own forums at least as early as February 2013, and an entire Facebook group — now with over 5,000 members — was made to discuss the problem.
This January, popular site MacRumors reported problems in 2011 MacBook Pros with discrete graphics cards—generally more powerful, more expensive cards that are attached to the motherboard rather than integrated into the system.
The cards, also known as graphics processing units or GPUs, would reportedly fail, leading to system crashes and on-screen glitches, like red strips displayed across the screen or fuzzy images. There were also reports of frequent system resets.
In some cases, Apple was said to replace the motherboards — at a cost of up to $600 to out-of-warranty customers according to Whitfield Bryson & Mason LLP and old posts on an official Apple forum — but that apparently didn’t help.
News of the lawsuit comes just days after Apple reported record Mac sales during the busy back-to-school season from July to September, boasting 5.52 million units sold.
In a poetic twist, the name of the case is Book et al. v. Apple, Inc.
More:

Fox News Doctor Calls For  American Jihadreddit
Keith Ablow, a doctor and Fox News analyst, thinks that the United States should aggressively export its system of government to every single country on earth. What could go wrong?
In a comically unhinged column posted to Fox News' website on Tuesday, Ablow calls for an "American jihad" in which the U.S. would aggressively move to America-ify the entire world, which totally makes sense because "the Constitution is a sacred document that better defines and preserves the liberty and autonomy of human beings than the charter of any other nation on earth."
How would this ambitious plan work? Well, Ablow explains, "we would tie American aid to incremental changes not just in the attitudes, but in the fundamental structures, of countries. These changes would move those countries, slowly but inexorably, toward reflecting our Constitution in their own charters." The plan would also involve doubling the budget for the CIA and Special Forces, presumably to counter any foolhardy resistance to American domination . There's more, but you get the idea.
Ablow further expounded on his vision on "Fox and Friends" Wednesday. After listening, host Brian Kilmeade correctly noted that Ablow had "some views that need to be discussed."
The good Dr. Ablow is not exactly known for his grip on reality . In a Fox News radio segment last week, he accused President Obama of welcoming Ebola to the United States, thanks to his "affinities" with Africa.
More:

Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 review: Is this the best Android tablet at Rs 20 990Print
The Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 is one of the best value for money Android tablets in the market at the moment.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 4:15 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 6:26 pm
The Android tablet space is choc-a-bloc with too many devices and brands. So many that it is hard to find more than a handful of devices that stand apart thanks to performance or innovation. There is, however, a new entrant to this list… one that could spoil the party for a lot of others. Meet the Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2.
Specs: 8-inch 1920 x 1200 IPS display | Intel Atom Z3745 quad-core 1.86GHz processor | 2GB RAM | 16GB internal storage expandable up to 64GB | 8MP rear camera + 1.6MP front | Li-Ion 6400 mAh battery | Android 4.4.2 Kitkat
Price: Rs 20,990
Design
Without a doubt this tablet has the most innovative design at the moment. This 8-inch tablet, and rest of the series, introduces the kickstand which the simple prop that it is lets you use the tablet in three different modes. With the stand turned outwards, you can make the tablet stand for content consumption, lie down for when you want to write or hang from a wall if you are glancing at it during work. And adding a little hinge on one end makes it easier to hold too, like Sony showed us with the Tablet S a few years back.
The only issue that when you start out it’s hard to figure out how to open the kickstand. It seems Lenovo figured this out too and there is a sticker to explain the simple twist. Behind the stand is the flap that holds the SD card and micro-SIM. At one end of its hinge is the power button and on other the power port, the design couldn’t have been better. My only issue is that there is just one micro USB port on the entire device and that could be a bit limiting for some users.
Display and Sound
It is not always that you get a full HD display at this price point. The display is sharp and bright and great for consuming videos, even from a distance. And with Dolby Audio on JBL speakers this tablet has the best audio quality and volume in town. It can be as loud as a television if needed.
Performance
The tablet is powered by a 1.86GHz Intel Atom Z3745 Quad Core processor and is a great work horse. Multi-tasking is smooth and there is absolutely no lag when using the apps or even browsing with multiple tabs on. However, I experienced some heating issues, especially while streaming videos on YouTube and that is rare on Atom tablets.
Software
This is the tricky bit. I am not sure all of us will be happy with Lenovo’s tweaked UI for Android KItkat. It is ideal for tablet use and it not run off the mill smartphone UI, but the new icons need getting used too. It is a bit like Color OS, either you like it or you just hate it. But there are some really good pre-loaded apps in the mix.
Camera
The rear camera is decent, but not great in low light or for shooting indoors. The rear lens is also on the hinge and you will have to flip the tablet every time you want to shoot with it as the natural tendency is to have the heavier side facing down. But I still think the camera is just an appendage for the tablet that should be used only for video calls. I am sure a lot of you don’t agree and would still use it to shoot the Taj.
Connectivity
The Yoga Tablet 2 is a 3G/Wi-Fi device and offers great mobility. No issues on this front.
Battery
This is another plus point for this tablet. Lenovo is promising 18 hours and given its track record with smartphones I am more than inclined to believe it. Anyway, I could use it for a full day on a 3G network on full charge. That should be enough for most users.
Verdict
Given the price point of Rs 20,990, the Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 is one of the best value for money Android tablets in the market at the moment. It gives you great functionality, a FullHD screen, good battery life and an overall experience that is better than what you have paid for.

Fox News Host s Creepy Catcall:  Damn  Baby  You re A Piece Of Womanreddit
The hosts of "The Five" on Fox News have joined the debate on catcalling, and they've made it pretty clear that they're not only fans of the practice, they're also practitioners.
Earlier this week, a video showing actress Shoshana B. Roberts getting 100 catcalls as she walked through New York City for a day went viral. The point of the video was to show what women go through, and how uncomfortable this form of verbal harassment can be.
But the point was lost on "The Five" hosts.
“ She got 100 catcalls, let me add 101 ," said cohost Bob Beckel in video posted online by Mediaite and Media Matters, among others. " Damn, baby, you’re a piece of woman .”
"Look, I'm not going to condone it, but I will tell you nothing was disrespectful there," said co-host Eric Bolling. "There were a lot of people there saying 'God bless,' 'you look fantastic,' very complimentary. She may not have wanted it, but I find it hard to find what she called verbal harassment going on."
However, the video shows one man getting angry after not being acknowledged by Roberts.
"Somebody's acknowledging you for being beautiful," he said. "You should say thank you more."
In other instances, men walked alongside her for minutes at a time. One man walked silently while another tried repeatedly to get her to respond to his unwanted advances.
"You don't wanna talk? Because I'm ugly?" he said. "We can't be friends, nothing? You don't speak?"
On "The Five," cohost Greg Gutfield called women who oppose catcalls "classist," saying men meet women in bars using similar lines.
"She is finding fault with men in the street saying hello to her which may in fact be their only way of contacting women," Gutfield said. "It's their bar, and she's walking through it."
"If these guys were in a bar or a supermarket, she probably wouldn't feel the same way," he added.

The Empresss long-term legaciesPIB CENTRALISATION OF POWER: Indira Gandhi contributed significantly to promoting an idea of power that was highly personalised and weakly institutionalised. Here, she is seen with some of her cabinet colleagues in April 1984.
TOPICS
politics
The most important features of Indira Gandhi’s legacy are a somewhat paradoxical combination of destructive and constructive elements
Thirty years ago today, Indira Gandhi was assassinated by two of her bodyguards. She had been the Prime Minister of India for sixteen years and involved in politics for much longer.
When she became Prime Minister in 1966, many senior politicians believed that she was just a “dumb doll”. Just five years later, the London’s Times called her the “Empress of India”.
Mrs. Gandhi’s impact on India’s political system was immense. From today’s perspective, what are the long-term legacies of her rule? What features of today’s political system can we attribute to “the Empress?”
Regionalisation of politics
Mrs Gandhi contributed significantly— sometimes intentionally, sometimes not — to the radical transformation of India’s political system. In short, what Mrs Gandhi left behind when she was assassinated in 1984 was a new political system, very different from the one that she had found, and quite similar to today’s one. Under her watch, India took the path that would eventually lead to the liberalisation of the economy; she contributed in no small way to the rise of Hindu politics; and she (unwittingly) contributed to the regionalisation of India’s political system.
However, the most important features of Mrs. Gandhi’s legacy are a somewhat paradoxical combination of destructive and constructive elements. On the one hand, she contributed significantly to making corruption a systemic feature of India’s political system and to promoting an idea of power that was highly personalised and weakly institutionalised. On the other hand, and paradoxically, Mrs. Gandhi contributed to the democratisation of India’s society and brought the issue of poverty to the centre of the political discourse.
“Mrs. Gandhi’s promise to abolish poverty turned the attention of politicians to the poor. The emergence of an embryonic welfare state is also due to her”
In 1969, Mrs. Gandhi banned corporate donations to political parties. Since then, as noted by analyst Prem Shankar Jha, a parallel economy of gigantic proportions has come into being. Political parties have literally been forced to resort to black money to fund their electoral campaigns. No doubt, this well suited Mrs. Gandhi’s political objectives. The Congress party dominated India’s politics both at the Centre and at the State levels. Thus, the control of the “Licence raj” system ensured abundant funds to the ruling party, leaving the crumbs to the opposition.
However, political corruption survived the demise of the Congress as India’s dominant party and became a systemic feature of the Indian polity. Today, black money is considered a “legitimate” way of financing politics, as witnessed by the broad consensus that emerged in the Parliament — across party lines — to exclude political parties from the purview of the Right to Information (RTI) Act.
The institutionalisation of corruption is crucially intertwined with another destructive legacy of Mrs. Gandhi’s rule. This is the principle that the leader is more important than the institution that she leads.
The concentration of power in the Prime Minister’s Office; the suppression of alternative power centres; the subjugation of the State governments; the institutionalisation of dynastic rule; the virtual annihilation of the Congress’s party organisation; the politicisation of the bureaucracy; the violent attacks on the judiciary; the arbitrariness of decision-making; and the suspension of democracy during the Emergency left indelible scars on India’s institutions. In particular, the idea that the power of the state can be used for the pursuit of personal and partisan ends became an accepted norm of India’s political life.
Perhaps no clearer example exists than the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). The politicisation of this crucial institution began during the Emergency at the behest of Sanjay Gandhi. Since then, the CBI has become an instrument in the hands of the central government to keep allies and opponents on a leash. Another example is the proliferation of political dynasties in every party, barring the Left. A chief ministership or a Lok Sabha seat became a public good that could be left as inheritance.
But it is at the State level that the combination of highly personalised institutions and widespread corruption had the most evident consequences. The arbitrariness of the decision-making process — a direct consequence of the personalisation of institutions — allowed many Chief Ministers over the last 25 years to acquire the control of the sources of illicit funding and use these funds to tighten their grip on their States. The result is that institutions in most Indian States function in a distorted way, as they are conceived as docile instruments in the hands of powerful politicians, rather than safeguards of the democratic order.
Overall, the combination of these legacies contributed to make India’s political system scarcely transparent and largely unaccountable; and it provided the incentives to keep the system so.
The implementation of the Right to Information Act (RTI) in 2005, coupled with the growing concerns about corruption among India’s society, is an extremely positive development; but it remains to be seen whether it will be sufficient to curb the massive black economy (born and raised under Mrs. Gandhi’s watch) that gravitates around politics.
Mrs. Gandhi’s legacy can be seen from a more constructive point of view too. Her massive electoral victory in 1971 was a turning point in India’s independent history. Mrs Gandhi’s direct appeal to the poor had no small role in promoting the emancipation of the Indian masses.
Her promise to “abolish poverty” dealt a fatal blow to the semi-feudal relationship between the poor and their patrons that had made the former a passive actor in India’s democracy. Mrs. Gandhi’s direct appeal to the needy demonstrated that — at least in theory — democracy could work in favour of the poor majority. The effects on the awakening of the masses were immense.
Bringing poverty to the discourse
Finally, Mrs. Gandhi brought the issue of poverty to the centre of the political discourse. Her promise to abolish poverty, although not followed by any concrete attempt to do so, shifted the attention of politicians to the poor. Since then, every single party has had to address the question of poverty. Most of the time, this translated into merely a rhetorical commitment. But, in recent years, the UPA government did try to give some substance to the Congress’s social democratic tradition.
There is still a lot to do. But the emergence of an embryonic welfare state in India is also due to her former Empress.
(Dr. Diego Maiorano is the author of Autumn of the Matriarch — Indira Gandhi’s Final Term in Office.)

Here Comes The World s Thinnest Smartphone (For Now)reddit
You’d be forgiven for not thinking the iPhone 6 is particularly "chunky" at .27 inches thick, but that didn’t stop Chinese manufacturer Oppo Electronics from one-upping it with its new R5 phone — now the slimmest on the market.
Coming in at a slender .19 inches thick , the R5 has been touted as the skinniest smartphone money can buy, and it’s a hard claim to refute. It’s thinner than...
Samsung’s Galaxy S5, which comes in at .31 inches ...
The HTC One M8 at .37 inches ...
The Sony Xperia Z3 Compact at about .28 inches and...
Your average pencil, which is about .26 inches thick.
While Oppo’s phone is thin, looks can be deceiving: It’s actually heavier than the iPhone 6 (4.6 ounces), Samsung Galaxy S5 (5.1 ounces), and surely a host of other smartphones at 5.5 ounces. It also lacks a Micro SD port and headphone jack , which means users who want to listen to music or take calls with earbuds need to use a micro-USB adapter or go wireless with Bluetooth, assuming they have compatible headphones.
That super-thin shell only fits 16GB of storage—a pretty major step back from the iPhone 6’s maximum capacity of 128GB.
Don’t be too bummed if your handset is significantly more robust than this one, though. Keep in mind that the difference in thickness between all of these phones is still pretty minor: close to the thickness of a dime or two.
"Thinnest" is also a title that tends to move around: In early 2013, the Alcatel One Touch was called the thinnest at .25 inches, but it was trumped a few months later by the Huawei Ascend P6 at .24 inches, and later, the Umeox X5 at .22 inches.
The R5 runs on ColorOS, Oppo’s own operating system based on Android. Neither the operating system nor Oppo is well known in the United States, so you may have a hard time finding the R5 in stores when it launches in a few months. Oppo’s own store locator digs up nothing in North America. Still, you may be able to find it online: It’s set to retail for $499 off contract.
More:

President Of Taxi Association Compares UberX To ISISreddit
Hot tip: When in doubt, don't compare something that is not a terrorist organization to a terrorist organization.
The President of the Pennsylvania Taxi Association, speaking at a Philadelphia Parking Authority board meeting on Tuesday, compared one arm of the car service Uber to the terrorist group ISIS.
"I try to equate this illegal operation of UberX as a terroristic act like ISIS invading the Middle East," Alex Friedman said. "It is exactly the same menace."
You read that right: Friedman said an app-based car service is exactly the same as a terrorist organization that murders innocent people.
UberX is the least-expensive branch of Uber, which the company claims is cheaper than taking a taxi in NYC .
Friedman is the general manager of All City and Checker Cab companies in Philadelphia. UberX launched in Philadelphia last summer, and since then the Philadelphia Parking Authority has been trying to shut it down , impounding UberX cars. UberX is illegal in Pennsylvania , as it's considered an unlicensed taxi service .
Still, UberX's actions are in no way "terroristic," as Friedman called them.
Here's a clip of Friedman, as captured by Plan Philly editor Jon Geeting:
More:

Karnatakas VAT tweaks may force Amazons exit from the stateYou are here: Home > Collections
Karnataka’s VAT tweaks may force Amazon’s exit from the state
K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.54AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The section 8 is about the…)
BANGALORE: Karnataka's commercial taxes department has proposed a set of amendments to its VAT Act of 2003, which if cleared by the legislature, might well signal the end of American e-commerce giant Amazon's business in the state. The department has sought to bring e-commerce firms under the definition of 'dealer' and proposed amendments to sections 8 and 22 of the VAT Act.
The section 8 is about the 'agents' liable to pay tax while section 22 deals with the liability on the part of dealers to register with VAT authorities. If the state government were to accept these proposals and effect changes by pushing through an amendment bill, Amazon may have little choice but to exit Karnataka because the FDI regulations don't allow the Seattle-headquartered firm to register either as a dealer or as an agent.
The e-commerce giant, which reported global revenues of $74.5 billion last year, does not directly sell products in India. Instead it connects buyers and sellers through its portal, amazon.in. It woos local merchants into partnership by offering them nationwide market, modern warehousing and packaging services for their products.Officials said the finance department is vetting the draft amendments sent by the commercial taxes department.
The proposals are yet to reach Chief Minister Siddaramaiah , who also holds finance portfolio, for a final view. His senior party colleague and Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has already resisted any moves that will seek to tax e-commerce firms for merely facilitating sale transactions. Karnataka's additional chief secretary K Ratna Prabha, who heads the commerce and industries department, has written to chief secretary Kaushik Mukherjee, urging him to find a solution to the crisis and ensure Amazon does not quit the state.
Amazon is doing business in the state using its warehouse near Hoskote in Bangalore Rural district as the VAT authorities are going slow on cancelling branch certificates they had issued to dealers who have partnered with the ecommerce firm. Congress leader M Veerappa Moily, in whose Lok Sabha constituency Chikkaballapur Amazon's warehouse is located, has expressed his displeasure at the proposed amendments.
"The authorities should understand the business model of e-commerce firms. Amazon, for example, is only a platform. You cannot tax a platform; you can only tax a commodity. No commodity can escape taxation at the appropriate stage of transaction," Moily, also a former chief minister of Karnataka, told ET. "If Karnataka does not want to encourage companies like Amazon, it is shutting out vast business and investment opportunity, and also tax revenues from potential growth in e-commerce business."
Tamil Nadu's finance department, too, is pushing for amendments to its VAT laws to accommodate e-commerce business, but in ways different than that in Karnataka. The VAT authorities in the neighbouring state are pushing for amendments that will require e-commerce firms to share details of transactions carried out through their portals and the dealers involved.
The VAT authorities in Tamil Nadu are not bothered much about the nature of business model followed by an e-tailer as long as tax is paid on sale transactions. Meanwhile, Amazon is building a modern warehouse in Tamil Nadu to serve the Chennai market. Earlier this month, Tamil Nadu's commercial taxes commissioner Rajaraman had told ET: "We will issue branch certificate to dealers partnering with e-commerce firms upon request and expect dealers to invoice transactions. The e-commerce firms, however, are liable to disclose the information about all transactions done on their platform along with details of fulfilment centres/warehouses operated by them."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nintendo Wants To Help You Sleepreddit
Nintendo announced Thursday it is developing a new device that will track people's fatigue levels and "map their sleep" without making physical contact with them.
The device, which has yet to be named, comes from a newly created health care division within the Japanese game company -- a division that Nintendo president Satoru Iwata says he expects will turn a profit in the next two years.
Nintendo will develop the device in partnership with ResMed Inc., a medical equipment company that creates devices to treat sleep disorders. ResMed is best known now for its S+ device , which it calls "the world’s first non-contact sleep system."
The device will supposedly be " the size of a hand " and sit on a bedside table. It will also use microwave transmission sensors to track your sleep, collect data and then do "something fun" with it, whatever that means. (Your mobile phone also uses microwave transmission to send and receive information.)
Nintendo said it expects the device will be available before the end of March 2016. It’s unclear what the device will cost, but Iwata suggested it could be offered on a subscription model , something Nintendo has rarely experimented with in the past. Representatives from Nintendo and ResMed did not immediately respond to requests for comment from The Huffington Post.
The announcement comes one day after Nintendo announced its first profit in 4 years . Strong sales of new games like "Mario Kart 8" and "Super Smash Brothers for 3DS" were largely credited with pulling the company back into the black.
ResMed’s own S+ sleep sensor is priced at $149.99. It, too, functions as a contactless device that sits on your bedside table. It " reads and tracks your chest movements " while you sleep and provides advice like, "Your deep sleep was short last night. If heartburn or other stomach problems disturb your sleep, try lying on your left side."
The ResMed S+, available now, tracks your sleep patterns without touching you.
Nintendo has long been interested in products that purport to make their customers healthier. Well-known examples include "Brain Age: Train Your Brain In Minutes A Day!" for the Nintendo DS and "Wii Fit" for the Nintendo Wii.
However, the company has come under fire in the past for dubious health claims. Speaking to WebMD, experts criticized Wii Fit's Balance Board , saying the weight-tracking device doesn’t "equate to how fit a person is." Polygon went so far to call Wii Fit U " potentially dangerous " for encouraging repetitive running in place.
More:

Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra s first BJP CMEYE BROWSE
Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra's 27th CM
Over 2,500 security personnel were deployed in and around Wankhede Stadium where Fadnavis took oath at a grand function.
Yahoo India –  Fri 31 Oct, 2014
MUMBAI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Devendra Fadnavis on Friday took oath as the 27th Chief Minister of Maharashtra at a grand function in Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium.
 
Fadnavis is the first from the BJP to head the state government.
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and party MLAs attended the swearing-in ceremony of the Maharashtra government in Mumbai after Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah called him up.
There were speculations over Sena's participation in the ceremony after BJP hinted Sena's inclusion in the Maharashtra government will be unlikely.
Devendra Fadnavis - Maharashtra CM
There were reports Shiv Sena had earlier decided to boycott Fadnavis' oath-taking ceremony.
 
Fadnavis, 44, and a four-term MLA from Nagpur, administered the oath of office by Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP veteran Lal Krishna Advani, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat and BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
The event was attended by several central ministers, including Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, the chief ministers of BJP-ruled states, corporate leaders, Bollywood stars and other celebrities.
 
Over 2,500 security personnel were reportedly deployed in and around Wankhede Stadium. Over 1,000 traffic policemen were deployed to ensure the smooth movement of VIP and VVIP vehicles around the stadium and along the roads leading to the venue from domestic airport.
 
The BJP had emerged as the single largest party in the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly with 122 seats, but one of its MLAs Govind Rathod died. The Shiv Sena finished second with 63 seats. The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which emerged victorious in 41 seats, has offered the BJP 'external support' to form the government in the state. (With inputs from agencies)
CMs of Maharashtra

Kerala High Court refuses to interfere with Kochi Kiss festBy: Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: October 31, 2014 3:16 pm
Kerala High Court on Friday refused to interfere with the proposed ‘Kiss of Love’ programme here on Nov 2 which is being organised to protest moral policing, after the state government assured action will be taken in the event of any illegal activities.
READ:  Kochi youths plan ‘kiss day’ after cafe vandalism
When two petitions seeking to prohibit the holding of the event by a group of Facebook users came up in the court, the government informed sufficient police would be deployed and action taken if any illegal activity took place at the event.
Recording the submission, a Division Bench comprising Acting Chief Justice Ashok Bhushan and Justice A M Shaffique disposed of the petitions filed by two students of the Ernakulam Government Law College and the Sri Sathya Sai Orphanage Trust, Thiruvananthapuram.
The petitioners submitted that the event was a violation of the provisions of the IPC and the Kerala Police Act and also against Indian culture. The law students wanted a direction to the Ernakulam District Collector and City Police Commissioner to prevent ‘obscenity in public’.
Meanwhile, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala, in a Facebook post, said he believed that the right to protest was a fundamental right and should never be questioned or suppressed. But the protesters should not create a law and order problem. If any such situation arises, police will not hesitate to take action.
Chennithala also warned that stern action will be taken against those indulging in moral policing.
The ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign, is a call by group of “Free Thinkers” led by short film maker Rahul Pasupalan, to come to Marine drive on Nov 2 to hug and kiss each other.
They have called for the programme to protest against the vandalism by Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha volunteers on a hotel in Kozhikode last week, alleging that immoral activities were going on there.
The organisers were yet to get permission from the police, but have decided to go ahead with the event. VHP has come out against the programme, pointing that kissing in public was against Indian culture.
However, it has denied reports that it would take steps to physically prevent the programme from being held.
“VHP will not take law into their hands to prevent people from participating in the event,” a statement from the state unit of the organisation said.
BJP state wing Vice President, M T Ramesh, said in Thrissur that the saffron party would not prevent holding of the event.
Moral policing and violent protests were “not BJP’s cup of tea”, he told reporters.

Rohits ton proves hes ready for comeback: BangarTweet
0
Sanjay Bangar, India's assistant coach, said that Rohit Sharma 's 142 against the Sri Lankans in a warm-up match on Thursday showed that the Mumbai batsman had fully recovered from the finger injury that had sidelined him for more than two months. Bangar, who was in charge of India A for the warm-up game at Brabourne Stadium, also praised Manish Pandey , who scored an unbeaten 135 off 113 balls, in India A's 88-run win over the visitors.
"His [Rohit's] match fitness had to be assessed and that was the reason the selectors had roped him in. He gave a fantastic account of himself," Bangar said. "He has been practising really hard over the last 10 days at BKC [Bandra-Kurla Complex facility]. And he showed total recovery from that injury while batting and showed no discomfort at all. He fielded throughout the 50 overs and those are good signs for the Indian team."
Rohit Sharma: Making a case for selection. (Getty Images)
Rohit batted five minutes shy of three hours and didn't look in any discomfort despite playing with a heavily taped finger. With chief national selector Sandeep Patil watching the game, Rohit gave an indication that he had regained his fitness. The batsman, however, didn't field in catching positions, and was placed at mid-off or mid-on during Powerplays and in the deep for the rest of the Sri Lankan innings. He shielded his right hand, which had been injured, while latching on to a skier in the deep to dismiss Thisara Perera off Kuldeep Yadav.
Rohit was not considered for India's squad for the first three ODIs against Sri Lanka, between November 2 and 9. Interestingly, the Mumbai selection panel, headed by Patil, also didn't consider him for their first two games of the West Zone one-day league to be played on November 8 and 9.
According to a Mumbai selector, Rohit was not picked as it would have been too hectic for him to play back-to-back games in Ahmedabad and then join the India squad for the fourth ODI in Kolkata, which will be played on November 13. It is likely that the team management may ask Rohit to join the squad before the third ODI to monitor his fitness.
While the focus was on Rohit, Pandey played the best innings of the day. He unleashed his trademark drives against pacers and used his feet against the spinners, while playing some delicate shots, including the upper cut, with precision. The Karnataka batsman had received his maiden call-up two weeks ago when he was included in the squad for the T20 against West Indies. However, his wait for an India debut was extended after West Indies returned home before the completion of the tour. Bangar said he was delighted to see Pandey put the episode behind him and excel with the bat.
"He has been batting pretty well, consistently. His state side won a lot of championships. They won the Irani [Trophy], the Duleep Trophy, the Ranji Trophy, most of the championships that they played in," Bangar said. "He played a vital part in that. He had a fantastic IPL also, he won the final for Kolkata Knight Riders. He has been in tremendous touch.
"He is always on the fringes. This innings of his can give him a lot of confidence because he came after we were put in to bat and you always expect the CCI wicket to do a bit in the first hour-and-a-half. So, from that perspective, it must have been very satisfying for him."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Virgin Galactic s spaceship crashes during test flight  pilot deadVirgin Galactic's spaceship crashes during test flight
AFP
Los Angeles, November 01, 2014
First Published: 01:11 IST(1/11/2014)
print
Virgin Galactic's first commercial spacecraft crashed on Friday during a test flight over California, scattering debris over the desert and leaving at least one pilot dead, officials said.
Television images showed the wreckage of SpaceShipTwo, a test vehicle that flies to the edge of space, amid brush in the desert east of Mojave, a few hours' drive northeast of Los Angeles.
This image from video by KABC TV Los Angeles shows wreckage of what is believed to be SpaceShipTwo in Southern California's Mojave Desert. (AP Photo/KABC TV)
The incident is second disaster involving a US spacecraft this week, after an unmanned Orbital Science rocket carrying supplie to the International Space Station exploded after launch on Tuesday.
It is also a huge blow to British tycoon Richard Branson's long-held dream of offering the first commercial space flights.
The Virgin chief made no immediate comment on the accident.
"During the test, the vehicle suffered a serious anomaly resulting in the loss of SpaceShipTwo. Our first concern is the status of the pilots," the firm said in a tweet.
Virgin Galactic said the fate of the pilots was unknown but the California Highway Patrol confirmed reports that one pilot had died another was serious injured, and taken to hospital.
"We will work closely with relevant authorities to determine the cause of this accident and provide updates as soon as we are able to do so," Virgin said.
Officials were due to give a press conference at 2 pm (2100 GMT) to release more details of the accident, according to the KGET local TV station.   
 
Reserved seats
The spaceship had been carried aloft on a bigger aircraft known as WhiteKnightTwo and then released for a test of its rocket engine above the Mojave desert, in what was the 35th such flight.
"SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely," the firm wrote in a blow-by-blow account of the flight, adding: "Ignition! SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again."
The next tweet announced the "anomaly", followed by the series confirming the crash. The company added that WhiteKnightTwo had landed safely after the accident.
More than 500 people have already reserved seats -- and paid a deposit on the $200,000 ticket price -- for a minutes-long suborbital flight on SpaceShipTwo, which can carry six passengers.
File Photo: Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo, which is carried by a twin-hulled aircraft named Eve, is unveiled in Mojave, California. (Reuters Photo)
It is the commercial version of SpaceShipOne, the first private spacecraft to reach the edge of space in 2004, and which is now on display at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington.
Private companies are rushing to fill the gap left by NASA, which ended its 30-year shuttle program in July with the completion of the final Atlantis mission to the International Space Station (ISS).
Friday's incident is the second involving a space craft this week, after the Orbital Science rocket exploded six seconds after launch on a resupply mission to the ISS.
Initial investigations into that explosion centered on the pair of rocket engines providing its thrust, which were made during the Soviet era and refurbished.
The Ukrainian-designed AJ-26 engines date back to the 1960s and 1970s, and Aerojet Rocketdyne of Sacramento, California has a stockpile that it refurbishes for Orbital Sciences.

Saved by a phone call: the mystery of Warren Anderson s escapeComments
Bhopal’s residents remembered former Union Carbide chief Warren Anderson , who died in Florida last month, as the man who escaped punishment for a 1984 poisonous gas leak that killed thousands, thanks to a phone call that secured his safe passage to the US.
Warren Anderson died at the age of 92. His death was not announced by his family.
Anderson was under house arrest when the call was made that gave him safe passage. Activists blamed the government for failing to secure extradition for the man responsible for the death of around 15,000 people, besides the many thousands who were maimed in one of the world’s worst industrial disasters.
“The very fact that we came to know about Anderson’s death one month after he actually died shows the seriousness of our intelligence agencies and the CBI towards his extradition,” said Abdul Jabbar, who works with the victims of the tragedy.
What also remains a mystery, 30 years after the tragedy, is who made the all-important call to the then Madhya Pradesh chief minister Arjun Singh directing him to let Anderson go, a decision that effectively ensured the Union Carbide chairman never had to face an Indian court for as long as he lived.
Singh, the only person who could have given an answer, passed away in 2011 after prolonged illness. In his autobiography, ‘A Grain of Sand in the Hourglass of Time’, he named Union home secretary RD Pradhan, who, he said, called him “on the instructions of the then Union home minister PV Narasimha Rao”.  
But Pradhan denied the allegation, saying that he was chief secretary of Maharashtra at that time and became home secretary in January 1985, a month after the tragedy.
Madhya Pradesh police arrested Anderson as soon as he landed in Bhopal on December 7, 1984, four days after the disaster, and whisked him away from the airport to the Carbide guest-house where he was kept under house arrest.
Read: Gas tragedy villain Anderson dead, Bhopal celebrates
“The government has done its duty to thousands of citizens whose lives have been devastated by the criminal negligence of Union Carbide,” the state government declared.
The corporate world, from the Danbury headquarters of Union Carbide to Delhi, was shocked. Anderson had travelled to India after receiving assurances of safe passage.
Singh was at an election rally in interior Madhya Pradesh, when he received the call and immediately asked his officials to release the American.
Three hours later, Anderson was released on a personal bond of Rs. 25,000, put on a state government plane and flown to New Delhi.
Read: Gas survivors distribute sweets on Anderson's death
“Normally a person is detained in a police station for interrogation but Anderson was kept in the plush guest house of his own company and later was flown back to Delhi. The superintendent of police and district collector escorted him to the airport,” said journalist Lalit Shastri, who reported on the incident.
In his bond, Anderson promised to return to India to stand trial in the case whenever summoned. He never did.
Senior journalist Rajkumar Keswani, who had written on the lurking danger much before the tragedy occurred, told HT that as a loyalist of the Gandhi family, Arjun Singh may have not been frank about who called him.

As Microsoft pulls curtains  it is end game ...With the coming of Microsoft Lumia, it is the end of an era for Nokia smartphones
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 1 Nov, 2014, 09.10AM IST
Microsoft will use the Nokia brand for 10 years for feature phones and has decided to re-brand the Nokia Lumia range of smartphones to Microsoft Lumia.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
As the world moves rapidly towards the era of smartphones, a brand synonymous with mobile phones for two decades and one that actually introduced these more advanced devices to the masses will not be part of this future. Nokia, arguably one of the most popular mobile phone brands across the globe, will cease to exist among smartphones in the years to come as Microsoft, the new owner of Nokia's devices business, has decided to pull the curtains on one of the most iconic names of our time, even if only partially.
Microsoft will use the Nokia brand for 10 years for feature phones and has decided to re-brand the Nokia Lumia range of smartphones to Microsoft Lumia and discontinue the Asha and X ranges of smartphones. Redmond-headquartered Microsoft bought Nokia's devices and services business for $7.5 billion in April, along with the right to use the Nokia brand.
"It's the end of an era," said brand consultant Harish Bijoor, who recalls that his second mobile phone was the Nokia Communicator, a brick-like yet swanky device that split open to become a mini laptop with a qwerty keypad and business apps. Owning this handphone at Rs 60,000 or Rs 72,000 more than a decade ago was akin to owning jewelry. It also meant you had arrived.
"Nokia is a loss. It's a brand that I have real affection for. It still has the largest brand recall," Bijoor added. Nokia made all the right moves in its heyday to become one of the most trusted brands among discerning Indian consumers who wanted value for money and high quality in any product they bought. It partnered with retailers, carriers and content makers and introduced a variety of models month after month to create a flourishing ecosystem for mobile phones in India, one of its top priority markets globally.
"When all phones were limited to few colours, Nokia launched the full colour screen phone, which was my first mobile phone," said 32-year old graphic designer Krishnaraj Singh, who has since used more than a dozen Nokia phones. Nokia's durability was another killer feature that no mobile phone can match today. "The phones wouldn't break even if I were to throw them," said 30-year old Kavita Kapoor, a public relations professional at a clothing brand in Gurgaon.
"It's a brand that has captured the imagination of every single person," said PepsiCo India Chairman and Chief Executive Officer D Shivakumar, who spearheaded Nokia's growth for almost half of its 18 years in India, during which it set up India's first mobile phone manufacturing factory in Sriperumbudur near Chennai in 2009.
At its peak, the factory produced 25% of all Nokia phones sold, which was 11% of the world's cellphones. From November 1, the factory will stop functioning. The plant was excluded from the Microsoft deal after its assets were frozen in taxrelated proceedings.
"Nokia was more than a brand. It was consistent as a brand and as a culture, humble, honest, caring and empathetic," Shivakumar added. Not everybody feels that the former pride of Finland has lost its legacy. The brand will live on, even if it is restricted to feature phones used by 71% of India's 900 million mobile phone owners, which is only diminishing as they upgrade to smartphones.
"The brand equity will remain intact," said a former senior executive at Nokia, who did not want to be identified. "It will only move to Microsoft, which is not an unknown brand in India. I have seen customers walking into Microsoft retail stores that were earlier Nokia Priority Dealers with the same ease and confidence they had in Nokia," he added.
Many consumers believe that in terms of recall, the brand will prevail even for smartphones because it will take a while for the change of brand to register. Customers, especially those who have used or are using Lumia devices, are likely to habitually keep referring to them as Nokia Lumia instead of Microsoft Lumia.
"Buying a Microsoft Lumia is just not the same as buying a Nokia Lumia. For a generation that has grown up with the idea that a smartphone equals N Series or E Series, not being able to buy a Nokia smartphone will leave a void. Ten years later, no one will reminiscence about their iPhone 5, 6 or 10, it will be the Nokia N95 that they will recall," said Vaibhav Sharma, a lawyer and tech blogger who has followed Nokia for several years.
"If Nokia's demise proves one thing, it is that nothing stays forever in the world of technology. So don't be surprised if you see Nokia make a comeback in 2016. Remember, they didn't sell their patents or the HERE mapping division to Microsoft," he added.
Under the terms of the deal, Nokia, which now operates telecom equipment, HERE maps and technologies businesses after the acquisition, will continue to own and maintain the Nokia brand. After the transaction closes, Nokia cannot license the Nokia brand for use in connection with mobile device sales for 30 months and cannot use the brand on Nokia's own mobile devices until December 31, 2015.

Modi to launch membership drive inMPPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:27 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 1:40 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday would launch a membership drive in Madhya Pradesh by releasing a toll-free number in a bid to increase the party base in the state.
A call to the toll-free number would be considered as the nod for joining the saffron party.
BJP president Amit Shah on Friday said the party has planned to increase existing membership by four times by setting targets for different units. In Madhya Pradesh, the saffron party has set a target of two crore members.
Shah was in Bhopal to address a party function ahead of local body elections. He said the membership drive would focus on areas where the party is weak or has no organisational base.
Praising MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, the BJP chief said the state had presented an example of coordination between the government and the organisation (sangathan).

M&M Q2 net profit down 4 percent  hit by poor monsoonM&M Q2 net profit down 4 percent  hit by poor monsoon
Nokia shuts down its India plant in Chennai  over 8000 workers lose jobNokia shuts down its India plant in Chennai  over 8000 workers lose job
Pay Rs 20 for using ATM over 5 times a monthPay Rs 20 for using ATM over 5 times a month
ITC standalone net profit up 8.7 percent in Q2ITC standalone net profit up 8.7 percent in Q2
Yepme plans to take its private brands globalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Osaki Jukebox review: Great low-cost BTspeakersThe Jukebox is a great purchase for anyone who wants low-cost Bluetooth speakers with good quality audio.
Written by Mihir Patkar | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:00 am
What Is It?
Osaki isn’t a well-known brand, but its product is quite impressive. The Osaki Jukebox (Rs. 4,750 in stores) is a portable Bluetooth speaker, roughly the size of a compass box. It’s not a looker, but there’s something oddly charming about it. It’s almost like the Jukebox doesn’t pretend to be anything more than a solid music player, while doing its best to look presentable, not attractive.
Anything That Makes It Special?
If sound quality is the most important factor for you, the Osaki Jukebox would now be our default recommendation for Bluetooth speakers at this price. Indeed, it outclasses speakers twice its price. And boy, it gets loud!
What Sounds Good and What Sounds Bad?
In general, Bluetooth speakers don’t have that thumping bass, apart from a few exceptions like the Bose Soundlink. Among the rest, the Osaki Jukebox is the best we have heard. From Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen to Khamosh Raat from Thakshak, it’s got a good range. But if you like warm sounds like Western Classical, avoid the Jukebox.
In Real-World Conditions, Can You Actually Use It For Hands-Free Calling?
While it has a built-in microphone, we can’t recommend using the Jukebox as a hands-free system. In a pinch, you can make do with it. But the microphone picks up too much ambient noise to be useful in real-world settings.
How’s The Battery Life?
The Jukebox has a physical on/off switch, which is its biggest weakness. It has a standby mode too, but if you don’t switch if off, the battery slowly drains and when you most want it, you won’t be able to use it. There is also no battery indicator to tell you how low it is. Still, it lasts for 12 hours of continuous music playback, so that’s something.
Should You Buy It?
The Jukebox is a great purchase for anyone who wants low-cost Bluetooth speakers with good quality audio and loud output. Just make sure you don’t plan on carrying it around too much, and that you don’t want to use it as for hands-free calls.

There will be better governance  change in work culture: CM DevendraFadnavisDevendra Fadnavis, the second youngest CM in Maharashtra and BJP’s first, spoke to Shubhangi Khapre. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:43 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 11:20 am
Devendra Fadnavis, the second youngest chief minister in Maharashtra and BJP’s first, is known to lead from the front, with a track record of being upright and hardworking. In an interview, Fadnavis says there cannot be any compromise on corruption while promising to take Maharashtra to the pole position in terms of all-round growth.
What will be the top priority of the BJP government in Maharashtra?
My government’s main thrust will be on improving governance. Whether it is central government or state, ultimately they are the service providers addressing the larger policies related to the welfare of the people. I firmly believe the people of Maharashtra deserve better governance. They deserve policies that are well executed within the specific period of time, which means there cannot be any space for corrupt practices in the administration. The perception of a government is very important if we have to take the state ahead. It augers well for the climate of healthy investment in the state. You cannot usher rapid development without effective governance. You will see a change in work culture.
Which according to you are critical areas of concern in Maharashtra?
High on the agenda would be infrastructure, which includes power, irrigation and roads. Ultimately, if we have to attract major investments in the state, it is mandatory to have good infrastructure. We would require good roads, ports and airports. Secondly, we have to make concerted attempts to improve productivity in the agriculture sector. Since state agriculture productivity is low, the minimum support price allocated from central funds works out low, thus affecting our farmers. Forty five per cent of the state population depends on agriculture. Apart from benefits to the farmers, the failure of the state to achieve its target of 4 per cent agriculture growth has impacted overall state GDP.
You always favoured statehood for Vidarbha. Now that you are the CM, what are your views?
In principle, the BJP has adopted the theory of smaller states with a single objective of effective governance. Please try to understand that the decision will have to be taken by the Centre. I would also like to point out that when BJP talks of smaller states it ensures the creation of new state with people’s participation. It ensures a smooth process. Take the examples of the creation of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Uttarakhand. The Atal Bihari Vajpayee government completed the process without any violence or inculcating hatred among the people within the two states, whereas the Congress engineers a division in a state, dividing the people and generating hatred. Now, take the case of Andhra Pradesh. The Congress divided Andhra Pradesh to create Telangana and left the people divided because it was politically driven.
What according to you went wrong in the 15 years of Congress-NCP governance in Maharashtra?
Maharashtra has always centred its continued…

Express 5: 3081 cases registered in 1984 riots  only 49 were handed life term; CM Fadnaviss maiden move isanti-graftWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:42 am
1. 1984 RIOTS:
It was October 31, 1984. Walking to his house in Trilokpuri Block 32, Mansa Singh noticed the local butcher, Kishori Lal, skinning a lamb that hung from his shop’s ceiling. He thought nothing of it then. A day later, he watched the butcher using the same knife to chop off his son Darshan’s arms. Singh hid helplessly, paralysed behind a clothes line. He saw his sons dragged out of the house by Kishori Lal, who was leading a mob, saw them attacked with knives and iron rods. “I lost three sons in front of my eyes. They were cut to pieces and beaten to death with iron rods. I could not save my children. I don’t know why God has kept me alive. I don’t wish this on my worst enemies,” says 74-year-old Singh, sitting in a two-room flat in Tilak Vihar. Photographs of his three sons, his brother Kripal Singh and eldest daughter-in-law Amarti Kaur adorn the otherwise barren walls of the house.
Read More: 49 were handed life terms, most got away with murder
2. CM’s MAIDEN MOVE
In a significant anti-graft move soon after taking over as the Chief Minister on Friday evening, Devendra Fadnavis directed the authorities to submit a proposal that can do away with the norm mandating prior sanction of the government for probes against elected representatives, senior bureaucrats and police officers in corruption cases. Currently, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) requires the government’s nod to prosecute or conduct an “open inquiry” into graft charges against senior officials and functionaries.
Read More: CM Devendra Fadnavis’s maiden move is anti-graft
3. NEW ICCR CHIEF
He is fluent in 16 languages, has over 596 publications to his name, and was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2006 for “his contributions to academic life and public discourse”, but when Lokesh Chandra was appointed as India’s cultural czar Thursday, quite a few eyebrows were raised. Why would the BJP government choose an 87-year-old Indira Gandhi loyalist, with links to leaders of the erstwhile Soviet Union, for its first big-ticket appointment in the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) — as president of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), the country’s cultural interface with the world?
4. OPINION
 
There are several reasons why the case for retaining the NREGA employment system, as argued by 28 of India’s leading economists, should be dismissed. First, India’s leading economists are likely to be just plain wrong, and naïvely so, in their assessment of the worth of the NREGA. While this job provision programme has been christened the Mahatma Gandhi NREGA, I feel it is important to not besmirch the Mahatma’s memory with such a corrupt programme.
Read More: No proof required: PDS or NREGA, corruption must go on
5. SPORTS
Former India captain Mohd Azharuddin’s son Asaduddin will be another star-son to rise this forthcoming domestic season. Asad, who merely attended one week’s trials in Kanpur, was selected in Uttar Pradesh’s 15-member squad on Friday for the zonal Vijay Hazare Trophy to be played in Nagpur. Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association (UPCA) secretary Rajeev Shukla said that Azhar was keen on his son — a middle-order batsman — representing UP where he was a MP from Moradabad in the last Lok Sabha.

REVIEW: Airtels Smart SIM is a good option for those with multiplephonesThe Airtel Smart SIM costs Rs 300
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:47 am
One of the pain points of being a tech reviewer is the constant hassle of managing SIM cards that work with the different phones. I try and get over this the old fashioned way, by using multiple SIMs — a nano SIM, a micro SIM and a full SIM. But on last count, I had acquired over five phone numbers in the process.
There is another way out of this problem, a SIM adapter. Earlier this year, I bought myself one on an ecommerce site. This cheap Chinese kit, gives you nano to micro and micro to full SIM adapters, which when used together solve all your problems. However, it is a cheap fix and if you don’t use cello tape to hold the SIM inside the adapter, the SIM will come out inside the phone and damage it.
A Chinese SIM adapter. See the cello tape strips to hold the SIM in place
However, I recently got to use the new Airtel Smart SIM. It is the same thing as the Chinese SIM adapter, but made with better quality and precision. The slots are tight and hold the SIM in place so that it does not fall out while you are inserting or pulling it out of the phone. I initially used the nano SIM while testing the iPhone 6 and converted it into a micro SIM for the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review. The switch worked perfectly and the SIM stayed in place. I couldn’t use the regular SIM adapter as a phone with the larger slot is hard to find these days.
The Airtel Smart SIM can be purchased for Rs 300 with 1GB data and Rs 100 worth of talk time pre-loaded. While it is a good option for those looking for a new SIM, I suggest people who use multiple phones switch over. For those who are not on an Airtel connection, it might be a good idea to buy one of these number just to use the perfectly crafted adapters.

On way to Wankhede  all were for Modi  none for his Swachh BharatAbhiyan(Right) Supporters trample BJP flags while rushing out of Wankhede; (left) on way to the venue. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Dipti Nagpaul | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:37 am
It’s five minutes to 4.26 pm – the ‘muhurata’ for Devendra Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra’s chief minister. Finished with their box of snacks distributed complimentary, a group of BJP workers from Vijaynagar, Nashik, seated in the Sunil Gavaskar Pavilion at the Wankhede Stadium, starts to chant Modi’s name, more out of boredom than real enthusiasm that hours of travel and the unrelenting heat has sapped them of. No senior BJP leaders are yet in sight.
Soon, the entire stand erupts with calls of ‘Modi ji tum aage chalo, hum tumhare saath hain’, crowds bring out their BJP paper flags. There’s little doubt that the 35,000-strong audience assembled at the stadium is here to see their PM, and that Fadnavis’s swearing-in ceremony is merely an excuse.
For most, it was simply a reason to party.
The bus from Dahisar’s Shiv Mandir in Anand Nagar was supposed to leave for Wankhede at 1 pm. But it’s nearing 1.10 pm and there is no sign of either the people or the bus, arranged by the BJP president of Ward 2, Bhakti Singh. The first supporter to arrive, Ashok Mishra, says sourcing the BJP paraphernalia, flags and such, caused the delay. Soon, a group of close to 15 men and two women, mostly Gujaratis, gather. The mood is festive and scarves in orange and green bearing BJP’s party symbol are distributed.
The bus leaves at 2 pm. A pit-stop is made to collect a parcel of snacks and a few “kalkatta saada”. The moment we hit the highway, the bus gathers speed and the ward’s treasurer, Vivek Seth, takes out a box of samosas. Soon, everyone is handed out a paper plate; samosas, kachoris and barfi follow. There’s a suggestion to play antakshari. Thwarted by Seth, Bharti Dave, a mahila adhyaksh with the ward, instead says, “Let’s sing Modiji’s praises.” They settle for films songs on the bus radio, until the system goes kaput.
While some go for a second helping, a plate of leftovers is flung out of the window by an aged gentleman sitting in front. The initial spell of silence, perhaps triggered by a reporter’s presence among them, is soon overcome by Dave’s suggestion to use a plastic bag. “Modiji ne Swachh Bharat Abhiyan chalaya hai,” she announces.
As the refuse is being collected in the bag, jibes at Shiv Sena are rife. “Let’s send the leftovers to Matoshree,” someone offers.
Since we are behind schedule, the group decides to take the sea link. But the vote is unanimous: “We won’t pay the toll”.
When the bus queues up a the toll counter, waving the BJP flag does the trick. A loud cheer and a call of ‘Bharat Mata ki jai’ follows.
The demonstration of patriotism hits a feverish pitch continued…

US school shooting third victim dies: Hospitalprint
A 14-year-old US girl has died after being critically injured when a fellow high school student went on a shooting rampage last week, hospital officials said Friday.
"Shaylee Chuckulnaskit, known affectionately as Shay to her family and friends, passed away at Providence Regional Medical Center as a result of severe injuries from last Friday's school shooting," the hospital said in reference to the assault in the northwestern state of Washington.
The gunman fatally shot one girl on the spot before turning the gun on himself. Another girl succumbed to her injuries in hospital last Sunday.
In a brief statement, members of Chuckulnaskit's family said their hearts were "broken at the passing of our beautiful daughter."
"She has been a loving daughter, a caring sister, a devoted friend and a wonderful part of our community. We can't imagine life without her," they said.
Her death follows that of 14-year-old Gia Soriano, who died of injuries at the same hospital on Sunday. Chuckulnaskit and Soriano were among three teens, including one boy, who were in critical condition after being shot in the head.
Another boy was in a serious condition following the rampage, having been shot in the jaw. Police are attempting to ascertain a motive for for the incident at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, north of Seattle.
The teen widely identified as the shooter, Jaylen Fryberg, had left a series of tortured posts on Twitter, suggesting he was used to handling guns, and hinting that a failed romance may have led to the shooting.
Local media said Fryberg, a Native American, played on the school football team and had been named a homecoming prince just a week before.

Dalmia Bharat Sugar & Industries reports standalone net loss of Rs 15.45 crore in the September 2014 quarterDalmia Bharat Sugar & Industries reports standalone net loss of Rs 15.45 crore in the September 2014 quarter
NTPC increases income by 2% to Rs16 737 croreNTPC increases income by 2% to Rs16 737 crore
https://soundcloud.com/u...Your current browser isn't compatible with SoundCloud.
Please download one of our supported browsers. Need help?

Steve Ballmer Could Score $1 Billion Tax Break For $2 Billion Purchase Of Clippersreddit
Steve Ballmer could score a $1 billion tax break from his purchase of the Los Angeles Clippers, according to an analysis by the Financial Times.
The former Microsoft CEO shelled out $2 billion to buy the NBA franchise in May, following the ouster of owner Donald Sterling. But Ballmer can use a little-known tax deduction called "goodwill" to claim roughly $1 billion over the next 15 years, according to FT.
Ballmer -- and the markets at large -- are bullish on sports franchises as the value of media rights for college and professional sports teams skyrocket. Ballmer has reason to believe the Clippers are a wise investment, even though he paid four times more than anyone ever has for an NBA team.
"Do I think my investment in the Clippers will be as good as an investment, total return, as an S&P investment fund? I believe it will be, and I believe it has less downside," Ballmer told Charlie Rose last week. "If you compare it to tech stocks, it's got real earnings."
The FT explains that "goodwill" is "commonly used by tax specialists to structure deals for sports teams." Using a conservative estimate, the outlet finds that Ballmer could be looking at $1 billion in tax savings .
While Ballmer may get a break on his purchase, critics have called out other professional sports leagues for their use of tax breaks to build costly stadiums with public money. Leagues like the NFL and NHL are registered as nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations, and they receive millions in public subsidies.
The NBA, in contrast, is not tax-exempt, but the league did just finalize a record-breaking TV deal with Walt Disney and Time Warner worth $24 billion. And some leading players are reportedly pushing to remove maximum salary contracts to better reflect their value to the franchises.
"I don't see how the owners can say they're losing money now," Kevin Durrant, the league's MVP, told reporters.
But judging by Ballmer's recent Clippers' pep rally, he's excited about a lot more than just a good tax deal:
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article called the potential tax savings a "credit." It is a deduction.
More:

Taco Bell Makes It Easier To Create Weird  Customized OrdersTaco Bell Makes It Easier To Create Weird, Customized Orders
Posted:
reddit
Taco Bell is known for appealing to a certain type of young diner: The (perhaps not-so-sober) teen or 20-something who craves a taco in a Doritos-flavored shell for his or her late-night “fourth meal” and a waffle-taco hybrid stuffed with eggs and coated in syrup for breakfast.
The chain's lure for millennials has kept Taco Bell growing over the past few months, even as other major fast food chains like McDonald's have struggled . Taco Bell’s U.S. same-store sales , an important measure of a retailer’s health, rose 3 percent last quarter from the same period last year. McDonald’s same-store sales, meanwhile, were down 3.3 percent last quarter from the same period a year ago.
Menu items like Doritos Tacos Locos have helped Taco Bell appeal more to young diners. (AP Photo/Taco Bell)
The flight of young people and middle-class diners from McDonald’s to places like Chipotle and Five Guys has been well-documented . But Taco Bell is a more direct competitor to the burger chain than either of those fast-casual joints. And with “innovations” like the Doritos Locos Taco and it’s foray into breakfast, the Mexican chain is gaining an edge over McDonald’s in catering to millennials -- the new demographic holy grail.
Now, Taco Bell is deploying another weapon in the battle for the youngs: a new version of its app that allows people to create a custom order, pay for it and save those payment and order preferences for next time.
The new app is slightly more advanced than the one McDonald's currently offers , gives diners access to promotions and coupons for local stores. McDonald's is trying to make a larger digital push, testing new technologies and opening a digital office in San Fransico to recruit tech-savvy workers, according to Becca Hary, a spokeswoman for the brand.
Taco Bell's app, which rolled out for Android and iPhone users Tuesday, allows people to customize their orders and pay for them directly. Taco Bell fans can then use the app to signal when they've arrived at the restaurant, so cooks can start preparing the food. The app also allows customers to re-order their favorites simply by turning their phone to the right.
Can your cell phone make breakfast hip?
“When you think about Taco Bell, it’s less of a family oriented business than McDonald’s,” said Mark Kalinowski, the lead restaurant analyst at Janney Capital Markets. “You can see a lot of 20-somethings going to Taco Bell, and 20-somethings love their technology. You want to do things that resonate with your customer base.”
Taco Bell's waffle taco. (AP Photo/Taco Bell)
An intuitive app can also be a huge boon for an eatery. Starbucks' app, which allows users to pay, tip, save preferences and build rewards, processes millions of transactions a week .
It's possible that ordering via app also makes customers spend more. Customers tend to be more price-conscious when they're spending with cash, research has shown . Remove cash from the equation via credit cards or apps, and the dollars flow more freely.
The hope is that Taco Bell's app, along with other moves like aggressively opening more restaurants, will double the chain’s system-wide sales to $14 billion by 2022.
Part of the strategy is to position the company as less of a traditional fast food eatery and more like the popular fast-casual chains known for fresh food that is made to the diner’s expectations. Taco Bell's new app ensures that food isn’t sitting out because cooks wait to make it until the person who ordered is at the restaurant. The app also offers people the option of either choosing a burrito, taco or other menu item as it appears, or the chance to customize their order from a Chipotle-style set of ingredients.
Diners can use Taco Bell's app to add extra chicken or guacamole, or to take away cheese.
c Taco Bell President Brian Niccol told The Huffington Post. Indeed, even McDonald’s, which is known for serving up the exact same food everywhere, is testing a build-your-own-burger concept .
Still, it may be hard for fast food chains known for cheapness and speed to trounce fast-casual restaurants on quality and the number of preferences, according to Darren Tristano, an executive vice president at Technomic, a food market research firm.
“They really can't compete at that level; they just aren’t that type of a concept,” Tristano said. “Their focus is on value and speed of service, and its harder to be customized.”
More:

Apple  Alibaba may team up to get Pay to ChinaApple, Alibaba may team up to launch Apple Pay in China
Brandon Bailey     California   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 17:42 IST
(Photo: AP)
Apple CEO Tim Cook said Apple's new mobile payment system had over 1 million activations in the first three days after it became available, and is now more widely used than any competing payment system.
"We're already No 1. We're more than the total of the other guys," the Apple CEO boasted on Monday during a tech industry conference, "and we've only been at it a week." Cook said Visa and MasterCard officials told Apple that the its mobile payment system was already seeing more use than similar "contactless" methods of paying for purchases.
While Apple has partnered with major banks and large retail chains including Macy's, Walgreen and McDonald's, critics have noted that it is not accepted by a number of other large chains. Among them are the drugstore chains CVS Caremark and Rite Aid, which belong to a retail coalition working on a rival system.
Cook also said he plans to talk with Jack Ma , executive chairman of China-based e-commerce giant Alibaba, later this week about a possible partnership, although he offered no details. Ma told the same audience earlier on Monday that he would be "very interested" in teaming with Apple to bring Apple Pay to China.
The two executives spoke during separate appearances on an outdoor stage on the opening night of a three-day tech conference organised by The Wall Street Journal.
Responding to questions, Cook also said he expected Apple's iPhone to continue to be the company's biggest-selling product, contributing the majority of the technology major's revenue and profit, for the next few years. But he boasted that sales of Apple's Mac computers are growing faster than the overall personal computer industry, which has struggled in recent years.
The Apple CEO also touted the upcoming release of the company's smartwatch and dropped broad hints about Apple's work on a new television product, which has been rumored for years.
Today's televisions have not advanced much technologically in the last 30 years, Cook said. "So I think there's a lot to be done here."
The Apple CEO did not offer specifics, but he said, "It's an area where I'm optimistic that there is something great that can be done in the space."
Apple started operating the Apple Pay service last week, offering it only in the United States to start, and only for users of its newest models of iPhones and iPads. The company has touted the privacy and security features of its service, which uses a sophisticated encryption system to let users charge purchases on credit card accounts without having to show their card or account number.
Repeating a favorite dig at competitors such as Google and Facebook, Cook said Apple does not collect user data or purchase information. "We don't want to know what you buy. We're not Big Brother; we'll leave that to other people."
Speaking earlier, Ma said he is looking for a variety of US partners for his company Alibaba Group, the Chinese e-retailer that held a record stock market debut on Wall Street earlier in September. Ma said he was visiting Hollywood film studios this week to discuss potential deals, because "China will be the largest movie market in the world" in the next 10 or 15 years.
Alibaba operates several Internet services, including retail sites, online payments and streaming video. The Executive Chairman said Alibaba is also helping U.S. food producers, including cherry farmers from Washington state and fishermen from Alaska, sell their harvests in China.
(AP)

How do we know where is what The inner GPS in our brainsUpdated: October 29, 2014 21:58 IST
How do we know where is what? The ‘inner GPS’ in our brains
D. BALASUBRAMANIAN
The Hindu REVELATION: Studying the entorhinal cortex cells of the rat brain, it was found that the signals on the computer screen were not simple but in a grid-like arrangement. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
TOPICS
science and technology
Identification of each location-specific place cell and the map built up by them was a major starting point in neural mapping
How do we know where is what? Recognize places and directions? Where do we store such information and recall them from memory? Today, thanks to the power of information technology, speedy computation and communication, we no longer need to ask a passer-by where a given place is, but use a Google Map on geographic positioning system (GPS). But how does the brain do all this? Animals such as rats or dogs, or even we humans before the computer age, did not have this facility and yet we carried on quite well. We stored such information in our brains and recalled them when needed. How does all this happen? Where is this ‘inner GPS’ in our brain?
Answers to some of these questions have come from the study of three scientists — John O’Keefe at the University College London, UK, May-Britt Moser and her husband Edvard Moser, both from Trondheim Norway — the trio whom were awarded the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
It had been known for some time that the brain’s memory centre is the hippocampus, a seahorse shaped component (hippo means horse and kampus a sea monster, hence the name) lying below the cerebral cortex. It was in the late 1960s that John O’Keefe began working in the area of how the brain controls behaviour and how rats learn to navigate across a maze in a room. He placed rats in a large cage, stuck electrodes in chosen parts of their brain, notably the hippocampus and recorded the electrical signals coming out as the rats moved across space. When a rat goes to a particular place in the cage (say a corner or a bump), certain specific nerve cells were found to be activated. When it went to another location, yet another set of cells were activated. Gradually then, O’Keefe could identify what he termed as location-specific ‘place cells’ and a map built up by such place cells in the hippocampus, each place cell activated in a specific location or environment. This was a major starting point in neural mapping.
It was during this time that the Norwegian couple May-Britt and Edvard Moser finished their PhD degrees from the University of Oslo and went first to the University of Edinburgh and then to the O’Keefe lab at London as postdoctoral fellows to be mentored by him. Here they decided to take further neurophysiology of the inner GPS in rats. Upon winning a competitive research grant from the Kavli Foundation at California, U.S., they returned to Norway to set up a research centre at Trondheim. Their aim was to find out where the signals for the firing of the place cells are located in the brain.
Towards this, they implanted electrodes directly into the hippocampus and the surrounding region of a rat that was allowed to run around freely in a large box. The signals from the electrodes were analyzed using a computer, as the rat ran around the box, thus generating a map of its movements. Next, they chemically inactivated (numbed) chosen regions of the hippocampus and the surrounding region, a thin strip of a tissue called the entorhinal cortex (ERC) and watched. To their surprise, they found that the message to fire place cells in the hippocampus actually flowed from cells in the ERC.
Studying these ERC cells and their signals as a rat goes to a specific spot in the box, they found that the signals on the computer screen were not simple but arranged in a grid-like arrangement’— a hexagonal pattern much like a honeycomb!
As Dr Alison Abbot points out in her lucid summary of the work in the 9 October 2014 issue of the journal Nature, there are no physical hexagons traced on the floor of the box; these shapes are abstractly created in the rat’s brain and imposed on the environment — the code in the brain language, using which the rat navigates space and locations.
Even more striking is the arrangement of the grid-generating cells (called the grid cells) in the ERC. AS we move from the top part of the ERC strip to the bottom, the pattern expands from narrow spacing to bigger grids in steps or modules. And they expand by a constant factor (of 1.4) in each step of the module!
The mathematical features of the hexagonal patterns and the definite modules have attracted theoreticians. Dr Alison Abbot quotes the computational neuroscientist Dr. Andreas Herz of Munich, Germany who exclaims: “It (these findings) was so unexpected that the brain would use the same simple geometric forms that we have been describing in mathematics for millennia.” It suggests also that babies, humans and rats, are born with a very primitive sense of where they are in space and that this sense develops as the brain adapts to the world. The poet talked about the “mind’s eye”. See how prescient this phrase has been.
Finally, the work also highlights how important working with animals as models is. The recent banning of animal experiments in schools and colleges has been a bad move, and needs to be rescinded.
dbala@lvpei.org

Analyst Corner: Buy rating on Asian Paints  target Rs 700  says DeutscheE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian real-estate  construction shares up after govt relaxes FDI rulesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Preparations underway at Wankhede stadium for Devendra Fadnavis s swearing-inpicture  others
No ODI this, see how Wankhede is preparing for Fadnavis’ swearing-in
Preparations are underway at the Wankhede stadium for the swearing-in of BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis as Chief Minister of Maharashtra on Friday (October 31).  (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Das)
Chairs being laid for the ceremony, which will also be attended by PM Narendra Modi.  (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Das)
Police officials checking he secrirty arrangements at the Wankhede stadium. (SourcE: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
More of preparations underway at the Wankhede. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
BJP flags outside the mantralaya in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
BJP Flags at the entrance of the Mantralaya.  (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
Related

McKinsey identifies 49 metropolitan clusters that could be growth hotspotsMcKinsey identifies 49 metropolitan clusters that could be growth hotspots
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 30:  
For companies looking to target high potential markets of tomorrow, global consulting major McKinsey & Company has identified 49 'metropolitan clusters' that could be growth hotspots in India.
These 49 metropolitan clusters will drive about 77 per cent of India's incremental GDP from 2012-2025, McKinsey said in a report titled 'India's economic geography in 2025: States, Clusters and Cities' released today.
By 2025, they would be home to 72 per cent of the consuming class and 73 per cent of income pool.
Of the 49 metropolitan clusters, 29 are located in 'performing and low performing' States which will lift the largest number of households to become Aspired households, the report added.
Of these 49 clusters, 21 are 'high growth high affluence' clusters --they rank highest on income per capita and are expected to grow faster than remaining clusters in India. They are expected to account for 44 per cent of India's consuming class and provide access to 47 percent of India's total income pool.
A 'metropolitan cluster' is a group of districts that have high economic potential, are contiguous such that each cluster represents serviceable market, and have a metropolitan district as the nucleus.
Tailoring strategies to the specific needs of customers in these 49 clusters can provide companies with a significant competitive advantage, particularly in consumer oriented industries such as cosmetics, sanitary ware, building products, apparel, telecom and financial services, the report said.
Allocating resources to these markets based on their potential can enable more targeted and hence profitable growth, it added.
49 METROPOLITAN CLUSTERS
There are four clusters in 'very High Performing States' ( Delhi, Chandigarh, Goa, Puducherry), 16 in High Performing States, 17 in performing States and 12 in low performing States.
The 16 clusters in 'High Performing States' are Mumbai, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Surat, Kochi, Coimbatore, Nagpur, Rajkot, Ludhiana, Thiruvananthapuram, Nashik, Tiruchirapalli, Aurangabad, Madurai, Solapur, Kozhikode.
The 17 metropolitan clusters in Performing States are Kolkata, Bangalore, Vishakapatnam, Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Jaipur, Kadapa, Adilabad, Nellore, Bhubaneswar, Jhodhpur, Raipur, Bikaner, Hubli Dharwad, Udaipur, Amritsar and Kota.
The 12 metropolitan clusters in low performing States are Jamshedpur, Saharanpur, Lucknow, Jabalpur, Indore, Bareilly, Agra, Ranchi, Varnasi, Patna, Bhopal and Gwalior.
GDP GROWTH
This McKinsey report has forecast India's average economic growth over the period 2012 to 2025 could be in the region of 7.2 percent a year. This forecast is assuming a scenario of 'growth renewal'.
This forecast is also in the absence of any domestic and international upheaval in this period.
It is also predicated on pace of reforms undertaken by the national and state governments, global political and investment climate and whether the 2019 general elections result in a stable government with a decisive mandate.
The base case assumption is annual 6.1 percent GDP growth (gradual recovery) for the latest study.
Srivats.kr@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Tech Mahindra shares surge over 4 pc after Q2 earningsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

First look of Ajiths Yennai Arindhaal outUpdated: October 30, 2014 15:37 IST
First look of Ajith’s Yennai Arindhaal out
Srinivasa Ramanujam
Special Arrangement A poster of the film 'Yennai Arindhaal'
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
Actor's first film with director Gautham Menon
The first look of Ajith’s next film is out. Titled Yennai Arindhaal, this film marks the coming together of the actor with director Gautham Menon for the first time. The first look has the actor riding a bike – a look that is sure to make all his fans go into a tizzy.
The makers of this much-anticipated film released its title Yennai Arindhaal (‘If you know me’) last night and had fans heaping praise on it. The title raked it a lot of positive comments online and went viral on social networking websites.
Ajith is said to be playing a character called Satyadev in this movie. While the filmmaker and Thala, as he’s referred to by fans, were supposed to team up on earlier occasions, this is the first time that a project has happened.
Anushka and Trisha play the female leads in this film that has music by Harris Jayaraj. Actor Arun Vijay is playing an important character in the film too.

Surgeons Perform First-Ever  Dead Heart  Transplantsreddit
Heart transplant recipient Jan Damen with his wife, Silvana, at St. Vincent Hospital in Sydney.
In what's being hailed as a major medical breakthrough, surgeons in Australia have successfully performed the first-ever "dead heart" transplants--replacing patients' failing hearts with donor hearts that had stopped beating for an extended period of time before transplantation.
The donor hearts used in three separate procedures at St. Vincent's Hospital in Sydney weren't actually dead. But they had stopped beating for about 20 minutes before being resuscitated and transplanted into the patients, The Sydney Morning Herald reported.
Doctors predict that 30 percent more human lives will be saved using this new technique, because it boosts the number of hearts considered suitable for donation.
Heart surgeons traditionally have transplanted only donor hearts from people who are clinically brain-dead but whose hearts are still beating. Otherwise, it was hard to tell whether hearts that had stopped beating for an extended period were healthy enough for transplantation, the Herald reported.
But the doctors were able to preserve and resuscitate the organs used in the three procedures with the help of a so-called "heart in a box" machine .
The portable device, developed by Andover, Massachusetts-based TransMedics , revives a no-longer-beating heart while warming it and perfusing it with oxygenated, nutrient-rich blood . During this process, the organ is injected with a preservation solution that helps keep heart cells from dying to ensure that the organ survives surgery.
(Story continues below)
A front view of the "heart in the box" machine with a heart inside.
"Both the preservation solution and the console that allows the heart to be kept warm and beating and have blood going through it and getting oxygen," Dr. Bob Graham, executive director at the Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute , which developed the preservation solution, told ABC News in Australia. "Both of them are extremely important and I think if either had come alone, we would have a slight improvement but we wouldn't have been able to do what we've done."
And the patients certainly seemed pleased.
"I didn't know how big [of a deal] it was," Jan Damen, the second patient to undergo the procedure (pictured above with his wife), told the Herald. " Having a heart is good but all the rest of it is, wow, who would have thought."
For more on the "heart in a box" machine, check out this video from the University of California, Los Angeles below. It was posted to YouTube in 2011 when the university participated in clinical studies of the organ-preservation system .
More:

Gold under pressure as most supports weakenGold under pressure as most supports weaken
G Chandrashekhar
Tweet
October 30, 2014:  
Gold prices have once again failed to hold on to the recent gains and are currently testing key support levels. On Friday, spot gold prices were ruling $1,203.62 an ounce, falling from the last week’s $1,235. In the short-run, rising physical demand is expected to prop the yellow metal.
As a result, net speculative positioning in the bourses has risen due to fresh longs and short covering.
In the medium-term, portends are ominous. The macro environment is increasingly turning neutral for the yellow metal.
The announcement of the US Federal Reserve to end the stimulus programme is likely to have a limited effect on gold prices as completion of the tapering process has been factored in already.
The dollar continues to gain strength on the back of steadily improving economic performance of the US. Inflation expectations in the world’s largest economy have also remained muted. Geopolitical tensions – Russia-Ukraine conflict and terrorism in Iraq – that provided support to gold are seen easing.
Although not as rapid as in 2013, investor selling has somewhat accelerated. Holding in the physically-backed exchange-trade products (ETP) are now well below the psychological 1,800 tonnes and stand at an estimated 1,770 tonnes with redemptions totalling 30 tonnes in October. ETP interest has remained soft ahead of the Fed meeting. On the physical side, demand has returned to the market, clearly of a seasonal nature. How long will it sustain is debatable.
For instance, China’s import demand, despite being high, is seen stalling and in relation to 2013, imports in 2014 have weakened. On the other hand, Indian imports have picked up momentum. In the first six months of the current year, arrivals averaged 50 tonnes a month versus 28 tonnes in the previous six months.
In September, to meet festival demand, gold imports into the country touched a high of 94 tonnes. This has again caused some concern within policymaking circles. So, policy uncertainty persists.
At the same time, start of the wedding season should continue to generate demand; and for consumers, the precious metal is now available at attractive prices not seen in last four years.
As most of the support factors have weakened, there is expectation gold prices will be under pressure.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Parvathy in Ajiths  Yennai ArindhaalUpdated: October 30, 2014 21:03 IST
Parvathy in Ajith’s 'Yennai Arindhaal'
Srinivasa Ramanujam
Tamil cinema
The actress will be playing Arun Vijay’s pair in this Gautham Menon film
Parvathy Nair, who is playing a role in Kamal Haasan’s Uttama Villain, has bagged an important character in Ajith’s Yennai Arindhaal. The film, which marks the coming together of the actor and director Gautham Menon for the first time, already has Trisha and Anushka in lead roles.
An elated Parvathy says, “It’s a dream-come-true for me as I’m a big fan of Gautham Menon films. I’ve always wanted to meet him. For him to cast me in this project is huge encouragement.”
The actress has already shot in the city for a few days and will be back in a week’s time to complete her portions. She will be playing actor Arun Vijay’s pair in this movie.
So, how was it shooting for her combination scenes with Ajith? “I’ve heard so many good things about him and, on set, I realised that everything was true. He and Gautham sir are such classy people. The whole atmosphere on the set was warm and friendly, with many women ADs helping us out.”
The makers of this much-anticipated film announced its title Yennai Arindhaal (‘If you know me’) yesterday. Many fans of Thala, as the actor is referred to, began discussing it and made the title trend on the Internet. Director Gautham Menon is known to provide lyrical Tamil titles for all his projects.

Shiv Nadar buys Rs 115 cr bungalow in New DelhiYou are here: Home > Collections > Hcl
HCL chairman Shiv Nadar buys Rs 115 crore Delhi bungalow for daughter Roshni
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
bungalow
(This is one of the largest…)
NEW DELHI: In one of the latest bulge-bracket property deals in the national capital, HCL chairman Shiv Nadar has bought a bungalow in the Friends Colony East area of Delhi for Rs 115 crore.
This is one of the largest transactions in recent times in an area of Delhi outside of the coveted Lutyens Bungalow Zone (LBZ), which is home to high-profile politicians and top businessmen where over hundred crore rupee deals are the norm.
In a recent transaction in LBZ, Indiabulls promoter Rajiv Rattan had bought a bungalow for Rs 220 crore on Amrita Shergill Marg. The 1,930-sq yard plot that Nadar has bought is near his current home in the same locality and it is believed that the property has been bought for his daughter Roshni Nadar and son-in-law Shikhar Neelkamal Malhotra. The new property has a small bungalow built on it, but the Nadars are likely to rebuild it into a large mansion over the next few months, said two people aware of the development.
HCL did not respond to an email questionnaire. Arun Dua, the seller of the property, also declined to comment. Property consultancy Cushman & Wakefield, which was advisor to the deal, reserved comments.
The documents of the property, seen by ET, show that the bungalow has been registered in the name of a company SSN Investments (Delhi) Pvt Ltd, which has its registered office at Nadar's residence. The company's directors include Nadar's wife Kiran Nadar, his daughter and son-in-law.
Transactions in this part of the city have been hard to come by in recent times because of the anomaly that has been created by multiple circle rate revisions in Delhi over the past few years. Therecent revision in September has created a situation where market rates are now lower than the government circle rates for the area.
This is because the Delhi government has clubbed Friends Colony and the LBZ in the same category 'A', which, according to the latest revision, has a circle rate of Rs 6.5 lakh per sq yard or Rs 7.74 lakh per sq metre. Luckily, the Nadar's transaction was concluded just before the latest revision at about Rs 5.75 lakh per sq yard.
While the LBZ certainly leads in terms of the sheer size of transactions, some areas around the zone too have seen many high-value deals in recent years. In 2011, industrialist Sandeep Jajodia of Monnet Ispat & Energy had bought a 2,000-sq yard plot in the posh Shanti Niketan area for Rs 170.18 crore for his family's use.
In another transaction in the same area last year, ITC chairman YC Deveshwar bought an 800 sq yard bungalow for Rs 85 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kindness Really Does Make You More Attractivereddit
If teen movies have anything to say about it, the hottest people are usually also the meanest, while the nice guys are the ones who can't get a date. But according to some rather encouraging new research, an attractive personality may be one of the most important factors in perceived beauty. In other words, being a good person could actually make people perceive you as more attractive.
A recent study, led by Yan Zhang of Huazhong University in China and published in the November 2014 issue of Personality and Individual Differences , found positive personality traits to increase perceptions of facial attractiveness.
The researchers tested 120 male and female adult Chinese participants, randomly divided into three groups, and asked each participant to rate 60 photos of unfamiliar Chinese women making neutral facial expressions. Two weeks later, participants rated the same pictures again. But this time, one group was given positive personality descriptions, like kindness and honesty, alongside the same photos. The second group looked at the same photos, but read accompanying negative personality descriptors (such as meanness or dishonesty). The control group was shown the same photos without any personality descriptors.
All three groups had similar attractiveness ratings in the first round of photo rankings. But in the second round when the descriptions were added, the group shown the same photos with positive personality descriptors assigned the highest attractiveness ratings to the photos, while the group with negative personality descriptors ranked the photos less attractive than the positive group and the control group.
"We find that 'what is good is beautiful,' with personality reflecting desired traits as facial attractiveness," the researchers wrote . "This phenomenon can also be called the 'halo effect.' We can thus presume that personality traits may contribute to judging facial attractiveness and that the personality traits desired in a person are reflected in facial preference."
Zhang's research is part of a growing inquiry into the link between personality and physical attractiveness . A 2010 study found that kindness could influence the body type a person found attractive. A group of 2,000 male study participants reviewed photos of a diverse group of women, agreeing on a very narrow definition of body "attractiveness." But in a second experiment, when given positive personality information about the women in the photographs, a far greater variety of body types were deemed attractive by the group.
"From an evolutionary point of view, there are many ways to display one’s fitness and mate value, which certainly extend to the mental and behavioral domains," Scott Barry Kaufman, professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania who was not involved with the study, said in an email to The Huffington Post. "Being able to accurately assess the content of someone’s character can be even more important for survival and reproduction than assessing someone’s physical makeup. After all, a physically attractive psychopath is more likely to hinder the propagation of healthy genes than a person who is physically attractive based more on their hot personality."
Of course, the new research does have some limitations, and shouldn't yet be taken as conclusive evidence of our psychological tendency to equate goodness and beauty. The study looked only at a small group within a narrow demographic of Chinese women between 20 and 30 years of age, Kaufman, who reviewed the study for HuffPost, explained. And the study didn't address the mechanism through which people associate attractiveness with personality traits.
"Nevertheless, I hope to see more research along these lines on the cognitive and personality factors affecting perceptions of attractiveness," Kaufman concluded.
More:

Black money: Centre gives apex court list of 627 account holdersCourt hands over sealed envelope to SIT; asks for probe status report by November 30
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
The Centre on Wednesday submitted a sealed cover to the Supreme Court containing a list of 627 Indians holding black money in bank accounts abroad along with a status report on the investigation conducted against them.
The three-judge Bench of Chief Justice HL Dattu and Justices Ranjana Desai and Madan B Lokur, which had hardened its stand on Tuesday against the Centre for non-disclosure of all names, decided not to reveal the names.
The Bench made it clear to Attorney-General Mukul Rohatgi that it did not intend to open the three envelopes submitted by him and asked the Registry to send them to the Special Investigation Team. It directed that the envelopes should be opened only by SIT Chairman Justice MB Shah and Vice-Chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat, for a further probe in respect of the 627 names.
The Bench also empowered the SIT to evolve its own procedure in accordance with law after hearing the grievances and difficulties of the Centre with regard to treaties with various countries and the submissions of petitioner Ram Jethmalani and his counsel.
Earlier Rohatgi told the court that the first document contained details of correspondence, treaties and agreements India had signed with France and other nations where the money was said to be stashed; the second contained the 627 names; and the third gave the status report on the investigation in these cases.
Rohatgi said that more than half the people in the list of 627 were Indian nationals while the rest were Non-Resident Indians. He said that most people named in the list had their accounts with HSBC Bank, Geneva.
The Attorney-General added that the details of account holders with entries dated up to 2006 were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011. He said that the information was stolen from HSBC Bank in Geneva and reached France from where the Government got the information.
The AG said the income-tax law had been amended to extend the period of limitation for launching a prosecution, and that the investigation should be completed by March 31, 2015. He said the Centre was not interested in protecting anybody and would follow the court’s orders.
When the CJI asked the AG whether the Government was pressing the application seeking modification of the orders, the AG said he was not doing so.
The Bench asked the SIT to submit a status report on the probe by November 30 and posted the matter for further hearing on December 3.
AAP’s intervention petition
Meanwhile Arvind Kejriwal of the Aam Aadmi Party, through his counsel Prashant Bhushan, filed an intervention application stating that he had personal knowledge of some of the names having black money stashed in foreign bank accounts and was also in possession of the statements made by such persons before income-tax authorities.
Bhushan told the court that at the time of raids of their premises, these persons had confessed to holding black money in foreign accounts and also disclosed the modus operandi of how the ill-gotten money was transferred from India to their foreign accounts, and further, how this money was brought back through hawala transactions.
Kejriwal said that though the Government had revealed eight names, the list did not contain the names of the three who had given statements. He said he was placing all such names/information, obtained through a whistleblower, before the court so that a thorough investigation could be ordered and effective steps taken to check such illegal transactions of black money. The Bench said it would consider the application on December 3.
PTI reports:
SIT report will be submitted on time: MB Shah
Investigations against over 600 people accused of stashing money abroad illegally are going on and a status report will be submitted on time, said MB Shah, chief of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money.
“We have already filed the first report (on black money) in August. Certainly I am hopeful about it (timely submission of the second report),” he said on Wednesday.
On a day the Attorney General submitted a list of 627 names having accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the apex court, Shah told a news channel that the list was already known to the team.
“Investigation is going on. Without investigation it is very difficult to say that a person is guilty or that person has done something wrong. A person is required to be heard first,” he said.
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy. “It is not easy because when a department also issues a notice, it takes time. The concerned parties and assessees’ replies take time,” said the SIT chief.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Why Are So Many Women Ignoring Heart Attack Symptomsreddit
Heart disease is a leading cause of death for women , and yet women are more likely than men to dismiss pain or symptoms of heart problems , and to delay seeking medical help -- a "dangerous game" that experts say may have serious health implications.
Though heart symptoms are similar for both men and women , the way that people perceive their symptoms and the point at which they are moved to seek medical help can vary widely.
Women may be more likely than men to exhibit an 'optimism bias' -- a cognitive bias that causes them to believe they are less at risk for negative outcomes than they actually are -- than men, which can keep them from seeking medical assistance and could worsen their condition, according to new research from the Harvard School of Public Health.
"The main danger is that when someone comes to the hospital with a more severe or advanced stage of heart disease, there are simply fewer treatment options available," epidemiologist Dr. Catherine Kreatsoulas, Heart and Stroke Foundation research fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health and lead author of the study, said in a statement .
Kreatsoulas and colleagues conducted their research on patients with suspected coronary artery disease who were about to undergo their first coronary angiogram test. In the first part of the study, researchers interviewed cardiac patients about their experience of angina (chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart) and their decision to seek medical care. Angina is a sign that the organ isn't getting as much blood and oxygen as it needs, which can be experienced as pressure and tightness in the chest or a burning sensation, and is a warning sign of elevated risk for heart attack or cardiac arrest.
The second part of the study brought in a new group of patients and documented, by gender, when and why patients sought care. Kreatsoulas noted that it was difficult to determine exactly how long patients waited, due to human error in recalling time of events.
"While we do have time estimates from the patients in our study, we are weary of hinging too much weight on them,"  Kreatsoulas said in an email to the Huffington Post. "What we do observe consistently across studies is that women with heart disease, come to hospital with more advance stages of disease, supporting the denial stage hypothesis."
The researchers identified six characteristic stages in the transition from first experiencing cardiac symptoms like angina to seeking medical help, which they refer to as the symptomatic tipping point:
A period of uncertainty (patient attributes their symptoms to another health condition)
Denial or dismissal of symptom
Seeking help or guidance from a third party such as a friend of family member
Recognition of severity of symptoms with feelings of defeat
Seeking medical attention
Acceptance of situation
Women, they found, spent longer in the denial phase than men did -- among the second group, researchers found that women were one and half times more likely than men to wait for symptoms to become more severe and more frequent before seeking medical help. When women experienced even a small improvement of symptoms, they then dismissed the problem for a longer period of time, according to Kreatsoulas.
So why might this be the case? Kreatsoulas explains that women may prioritize their concern for others and focus on care-taking over concern for their own well-being, or could be attributed to the false perception of heart disease as being a "man's disease."
But the reality is that heart disease is very much a women's disease as well. Recent research found that women comprise around one-quarter of heart attack sufferers among people under 55, but that women fare worse after heart attack than men, as they stay longer in the hospital on average and have a higher risk of dying in the hospital.
"Heart disease is a leading cause of death and can strike anyone," Heart and Stroke Foundation spokesperson Dr. Beth Abramson said in a statement . "Making healthy choices is an important part of prevention, but understanding the symptoms and acting on them without delay can also save lives."
Kreatsoulas added, "We urge women and men alike to be proactive and attuned with their bodies."
The findings were presented at the Canadian Cardiovascular Congress.
More:

PM flags off run for unity on Sardar Patels birth anniversaryPM flags off ‘run for unity’ on Sardar Patel’s birth anniversary
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today dedicated the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as National Unity Day, saying a nation that disregards its history cannot create one and made a veiled reference to anti-Sikh riots that followed the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi’s assassination this day 30 years ago.
Got up as an event to accord Sardar Patel, the ‘Iron Man of India’, his place in history, the Government made it clear that this was no attempt to belittle the contribution of any other leader.
“Let us not forget that a nation that disregards its history can never create one...Don’t divide history, legacy in narrow confines of ideology,” Modi said.
‘Rashtriya Ekta Divas’
Flagging off run for unity on the 139th birth anniversary of the first Home Minister of the country celebrated as ‘Rashtriya Ekta Divas’, Modi said Patel devoted his life for the unity of the Nation and it was unfortunate that “our very own people” were killed on his birth anniversary 30 years ago.
In an apparent reference to riots which took place after the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984, Modi said, “Patel never deviated from his vision of national unity despite facing obstacles in his political life.
It is a misfortune for this country that 30 years ago on the birth anniversary of such a leader an incident which shook the unity of nation took place.”
“Hamare apne logon ko maut ke ghaat utar diya gaya (our own people were killed on that day). That incident was not a wound on the hearts of people of a particular religion it was a dagger into the heart of thousands of years of country’s heritage and culture,” he said.
He also noted that it was also the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Remembering the contribution of Patel in the Independence movement, Modi said Mahatma Gandhi had entrusted him with the planning of historical Dandi march which he successfully did.
“When we see Ramakrishna Paramhans, he appears to be incomplete without Swami Vivekananda. Similarly when we see Mahatma Gandhi, he also appears incomplete without Sardar Patel,” he said.
Earlier welcoming the Prime Minister, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu said, “Had Sardar Patel been the first Prime Minister of the country, history would have been different. This is how many people feel.”
He also said the celebration was not aimed at belittling the contribution of any other political leader.
Sangh has always felt that successive governments had held the contribution of Jawahar Lal Nehru and those of the Nehru-Gandhi family in higher regards over others.
After flagging off the “unity run” which saw the participation of athletes like Sushil Kumar, Vijender Singh, cricketers Virendra Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir, Modi made a brisk walk leading the run.
Flanked by Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Naidu, Arun Jaitley among others, the Prime Minister administered the oath of unity to participants.
Earlier, Modi offered floral tributes to the statue of Sardar Patel at Patel Chowk which was decked up for the occasion.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

October 31 : Narendra Modi  Sonia remember Indira Gandhi and Sardar Patelpicture  others
October 31: Narendra Modi, Sonia remember Indira Gandhi and Sardar Patel
Prime Minister Narendra Modi dedicated birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as National Unity Day, saying a nation that disregards its history cannot create one and made a veiled reference to anti-Sikh riots that followed then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's assassination this day 30 years ago. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Got up as an event to accord Sardar Patel, the 'Iron Man of India', his place in history, the Government made it clear that this was no attempt to belittle the contribution of any other leader.  (Source: Express Photo by Premnath Pandey)
"Let us not forget that a nation that disregards its history can never create one...Don't divide history, legacy in narrow confines of ideology," Modi said.  (Source: Express Photo by Premnath Pandey)
Flagging off run for unity on the 139th birth anniversary of the first Home Minister of the country celebrated as "Rashtriya Ekta Divas", Modi said Patel devoted his life for the unity of the Nation and it was unfortunate that "our very own people" were killed on his birth anniversary 30 years ago.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
In an apparent reference to riots which took place after the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984, Modi said, "Patel never deviated from his vision of national unity despite facing obstacles in his political life.
Seen here with Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung, Foreign minister Sushma Swaraj, Law Minister Ravi Shankar. Prasad     (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
"It is a misfortune of this country that 30 years ago on the birth anniversary of such a leader an incident which shook the unity of nation took place," he further said.   (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
"Hamare apne logon ko maut ke ghaat utar diya gaya (our own people were killed on that day). That incident was not a wound on the hearts of people of a particular religion it was a dagger into the heart of thousands of years of country's heritage and culture," he said.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
He also noted that it was also the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Remembering the contribution of Patel in the Independence movement, Modi said Mahatma Gandhi had entrusted him with planning of historical Dandi march which he successfully did.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Scores of people took part in the run. A view of people at the India Gate in New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
People carrying placards of Sardar Patel during the march. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
(From Left) Indian shooter Shweta Chaudhary, wrestlers Yogeshwar Dutt, Sushil Kumar, boxer Vijender Singh  at the run. (Source: Express Photo by Premnath Pandey)
Chief Minister designate Devendra Fadnavis takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Marine Drive in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo By Ganesh Shirsekar)
Chief Minister designate Devendra Fadnavis and Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar take part in the 'Run for Unity' at Marine Drive in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo By Ganesh Shirsekar)
Congress Party chief Sonia Gandhi and son Rahul Gandhi offer floral tribute to former Prime MinisteR indira Gandhi on her 30th death anniversary.  (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
Rahul Gandhi at the Shakti Sthal. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
Sonia Gandhi greets her supporters at the Shakti Sthal.  (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh at the Shakti  Sthal. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
Sonia Gandhi at the memorial. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
Related

Black money: Failure to ink FATCA with US may hurt IndiaArun Jaitley
(FATCA was enacted by the…)
NEW DELHI: The government's ability to keep a secret could determine whether it will be able to sign a key accord with the US before the year-end deadline. It's not just private capital flows that face the risk of higher withholding tax there if India is unable to sign the pact on exchanging data related to bank accounts, but interest earned on RBI's US treasury bond holdings could also face such levies, potentially hurting government finances.
This goes to the heart of the misgivings the government had with regard to passing on 627 names of overseas account holders to the Supreme Court in the black money case — information that had been obtained from other countries under bilateral treaties. Such data are usually meant to be kept confidential and revealed only if the information leads to prosecution.
The government was forced to pass on the list after the apex court insisted. The latter then handed the 'sealed cover' to the special investigation team (SIT), which is probing the matter. SIT had the names anyway, the Centre having given it the list on June 27. India cannot sign Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) accord before December 3, when SC will hear the case next.
This has raised the prospect that India could miss the December 31 deadline for signing the pact. Unless it's made explicit that New Delhi will respect confidentiality clauses, it may not be able to sign the accord.
RBI has already written to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley seeking early accession to the agreement, arguing that a delay could have serious consequences for the country's financial sector.
"We are awaiting clarity on signing the agreement," said an official, expressing the government's helplessness in the matter.
 
The central bank transferred its entire Rs 52,679-crore surplus from its earnings to the government earlier this year, immensely improving finances and alleviating fiscal slippage concerns. Not signing FATCA could put this under a cloud. The apex court has directed the Justice MB Shah-led SIT to look at the issue of confidentiality clauses along with other matters in international treaties after the government sought clarity. SIT has been asked to give a report by end-November to the apex court.
FATCA was enacted by the US in 2010 as part of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment (HIRE) Act to combat tax evasion by its nationals holding investments in offshore accounts and over 100 countries have already signed it.
There are two options under FATCA — an individual financial entity can enter into an accord with US revenue authorities or a country can sign the agreement covering its financial entities, saving them the trouble of doing so individually. Without a treaty, payouts by US financial entities would face a mandatory withholding tax of 30%.
If the court endorses confidentiality clauses incorporated in international treaties to protect data, India will have to rush through domestic processes, including Cabinet approval for the agreement, officially sign FATCA and notify it, something that should be possible in 27 days. However, any lack of clarity on confidentiality or hiccups in meeting the deadline could lead to serious economic consequences.
RBI, which manages the country's debt, parks a large chunk of its money in US treasury bonds. Its holdings were pegged at a little more than $79 billion as of September. Under inter-governmental agreements (IGA), central banks are completely exempt from any requirements. Under FATCA, if an IGA is not signed, they are otherwise exempted except for their earnings on investments in certain categories.
To be sure, US has provided for grandfathering — which means the provisions will not apply — for treasury bonds outstanding on March 18, 2012, and which have not been materially modified since. But there is a risk that the penal provisions of the new rules under the pact could apply beyond that cutoff. This would hurt the country's reserves as well as the surplus transfer to the government by the central bank.
Indian companies could also face difficulties in raising external commercial borrowings or see their costs go up as payouts to non-compliant jurisdictions would mean an additional withholding tax outgo of 30% not just in the US but also in other countries, including OECD nations that have endorsed it. Breaches of the confidentiality clause could also expose India to similar risks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swiss jolt: Reminds govt of terms for sharing bank informationREAD MORE ON » Swiss bank accounts
It came a day after the government was ordered by the Supreme Court to hand over all the 627 names of Indian account holders abroad.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI/BERNE: In a fresh threat to the flow of information about Indians holding accounts in foreign banks, Switzerland on Thursday said that information exchanged with India under its tax treaty can't be disclosed "in principle" to a court or any other body outside the proceedings of a "specific and relevant" case.
This Swiss clarification came a day after the government was ordered by the Supreme Court to hand over all the 627 names of Indian account holders in HSBC Bank, Geneva, forcing the government to opt out from the signing of an international treaty on exchange of financial information.
India's last minute withdrawal from the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement — which provides for automatic information exchange, starting 2017 — is bound to choke the flow of vital data to tax authorities and hinder attempts to act against unaccounted funds parked in overseas accounts. India can still sign the pact. Currently, it is awaiting clarity from the court.
The source pointed out that India also has to sign the Inter-Governmental Agreement with the US for automatic exchange of information, which also comes with a confidentiality clause. Officials said that in case of a delay beyond December 31, all remittances from the US will face a 30% withholding tax.
"For signing the agreement, the government has to give a commitment that it will follow international standards for the information received. But we could not give an assurance due to Supreme Court's interpretation of confidentiality, which is critical for all governments to exchange information," said a government official.
Swiss authorities, too, are worried about sharing information and their comments come at a time when a SC-monitored Special Investigation Team is probing alleged stashing of black money by Indians aboard.
Explaining the treaty provisions about disclosure of such 'secret' information, a Swiss finance ministry spokesperson told PTI from Berne that authorities from the two countries have "regular contacts on bilateral tax matters" but refused to comment on particular cases.
The exchange of information on tax matters between India and Switzerland is based on the double taxation agreement (DTA) and the protocol that was signed in 2010 between the two countries. It has been in force since October 2011. "This agreement is in line with the international standards and provides for exchange of information on request," the spokesperson said.
"Accordingly, the information exchanged under the terms of the DTA can be provided to a court in situations where it is dealing with a specific case related to tax matters for which this information is relevant. Conversely, information cannot be disclosed in principle to a court or another body outside of such proceedings," the official added. The spokesperson, however, declined to comment on "particular cases", citing the confidentiality provisions of the Swiss-Indian DTA.
There has been a heated debate here on whether the disclosure of names, without prosecution, could violate tax treaties under which these names and other details are shared by foreign countries.
Replying to queries in this regard, the Swiss Federal department of finance spokesperson said the protocol to Swiss-Indian Double Taxation Agreement states that any information received "by a contracting state shall be treated as 'secret' in the same manner as information obtained under the domestic laws of that state..."
The treaty further provides that any such information "shall be disclosed only to persons or authorities (including courts and administrative bodies) concerned with the assessment or collection of (information), the enforcement or prosecution in respect of, or the determination of appeals in relation to the taxes ... or the oversight of the above."
The Swiss finance ministry spokesperson further said the treaty states that "such persons or authorities shall use the information 'only' for such purposes. They may disclose the information in public court proceedings or in judicial decisions".
Officials in India said that all countries which have legally shared information with India have done so under treaties, which contain a confidentiality clause. "That's the way business is done internationally. We have to follow the same practice," an official said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India cites domestic reasons for not signing global tax information pactIndia cites domestic reasons for not signing global tax information pact
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.14AM IST
Tags:
Central Board of Direct Taxes
(Jaitley has conveyed to…)
NEW DELHI: Finance minister Arun Jaitley has written to his German counterpart expressing India's support for the new global protocol for automatic exchange of information on tax evaders but cited domestic procedural requirements as the reason for not signing it now. New Delhi, which spearheaded the fight on information exchange on tax evaders and bank accounts, skipped signing the agreement on Wednesday.
Jaitley has conveyed to the German finance minister that India supported the global initiative wholeheartedly but was unable to sign it at this point in time, a government official privy to the development said.The Berlin meeting where the multilateral competent authority agreement and intended first information exchange date was to be signed could not be attended by Indian officials as New Delhi was not prepared to give an international commitment on confidentiality of information, a key requirement of the pact, as it awaits clarity from the apex court.
The government has sought clarity from the court on signing international agreements with confidentiality clauses. As many as 51 countries have signed the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) agreement to share financial data and boost efforts to crack down on tax evasion. The signatories to the agreement include most European Union nations as well as tax havens such as Liechtenstein, the British Virgin Islands and Cayman Islands. They will begin automatically exchanging data collected by financial institutions as early as 2017, the OECD said. India has also committed to start information sharing from September 2017.
FIGHT AGAINST DOMESTIC BLACK MONEY
The new government that set up a special investigation team to probe black money on its first day in office has identified nabbing tax evaders as a key focus area. KV Chowdary, who is set to retire as chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes , is being retained as an advisor to help the department in its fight against black money. Chowdary has long experience of handling such investigations.
Jaitley, who met senior income tax officials to take stock of revenue collections on Thursday, told them not to lose sight of black money at home and "chase" sectors where it is most prevalent.Revenue department officials should not "lose sight of domestic black money keeping in view its high magnitude," he told chief commissioners. He said officials should be assessee friendly while aiming at widening the tax base."He asked the senior officers of the I-T department to make their best efforts to chase those sectors where the domestic black money is most prevalent," a finance ministry statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Despite WTO backing  US poultry exports unlikely to make it to India soonDespite WTO backing, US poultry exports unlikely to make it to India soon
Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 05.11AM IST
Tags:
Cobb
(American chicken legs may…)
NEW DELHI: American chicken legs may not make it to your dinner plates in the future, regardless of a World Trade Organization order that asks New Delhi to remove curbs on poultry imports from the US. US poultry exporters say India's inadequate facilities to store and distribute frozen meat, and the likelihood of the country challenging the WTO ruling, would delay shipments to India.
Fearing loss of business, local poultry players have been pressing the government to take steps to ensure that the US doesn't dump chicken legs — an item that they say Americans usually discard — in the Indian market. India could possibly appeal against the recent WTO order, said a person with knowledge of the government's plans.
"India has a lot of reasons to challenge this," he said, adding that the WTO ruling would lead to dumping of frozen chicken legs which has no market in the US. Currently, foreign suppliers have no direct access to the Indian poultry market. Global poultry majors like Pilgrim's of the US, Brazil's Perdigao and Charoen Pokphand Foods from Thailand are keen to enter the Indian market, industry executives said.
India is the fourth largest producer of chicken meat in the world after the US, China and Brazil, with production touching 3.5-4.0 million tonnes a year. Organised players like Godrej Tyson, Suguna Foods, Venkateshwara Hatcheries and Alchemist have been expanding their retail base, apart from augmenting capacities. Per-capita consumption of chicken in India has been on the rise, with eating habits changing predominantly in the metro cities, driving demand for fresh meat and meat products.
"Quick-service restaurants tell us that they are unable to get supply of wholesome quality product meeting food-safety requirement," said James H Sumner, president of the USA Poultry and Egg Export Council.
"This is not enabling them to expand their operations the way they would like to," he told ET over the phone from the US. "Indian companies have for long had a strong connection with American players and we expect the bond to further strengthen," said Sumner. US-based Tyson Foods in 2006 entered the Indian market through a joint venture with Godrej. In the 1980s, US poultry breeding company Cobb had a joint venture with Venkateshwara Hatcheries.
Also, the Aviagen Group, the world's premier poultry breeder, had set up an integrated backend processing plant in Coimbatore. Sumner cited India's limited cold-storage facilities as a major challenge and health hazard.
"During my visits to India, I saw raw chicken being transported without refrigeration and in the open air, which is a tremendous food safety concern," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

iPhone 6 supply dries up as stocks flow elsewhereYou are here: Home > Collections
iPhone 6 stock flows out of India to meet China demand and Black Friday sales in US
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.51AM IST
Tags:
Apple India
(During the midnight launch…)
KOLKATA: Apple's new flagship iPhone 6 is facing a stock-out in India with the US firm diverting supplies to select markets such as China , where there's an unprecedented demand, and to build up stocks for Black Friday shopping on November 28.
As a result, several large retailers and Apple exclusive stores have stopped booking of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus."With Apple's distributors failing to commit on supplies after the launch, we have stopped advance booking to avoid any confrontation with customer," head of a big electronics retail chain said on condition of anonymity.
Three senior executives of Apple's trade partners in India said iPhone 6 supplies have become erratic in last two weeks with only an estimated 15,000 units coming in phases. During the midnight launch on October 17, Apple had shipped around 55,000 units of the new iPhones to India. Supplies of 64 GB variant of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - which is the most in demand - is the least, the executives said.
According to industry sources, Apple India management has reportedly warned the Cupertino, California headquarters that if supplies do not regularise, it may become an uphill task to beat last year's record sales of two lakh units of the then new iPhone 5s and 5c during the October-December quarter.
An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press time.
Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at market research firm Counterpoint Research, said supply issues, exorbitant pricing and lack of EMI offers on iPhone 6 series will cap the demand for the new Apple flagship at least next two or three months."Till that time we expect a steady growth in iPhone 5s due to recent price cuts," he said.
Apple cut prices of older iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now sold at Rs 42,999 while 5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is available for Rs 29,000 and iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.
iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now sold at Rs 42,999 while 5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is available for Rs 29,000 and iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung unveils two new handsets for Chinese marketThe Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled two new mid-tier handsets with a premium design as it prepared to deliver a riposte to its low-priced Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world's biggest smartphone market.
The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date. In size, they are comparable to those of the top-of-the-line Galaxy S5, though of lesser screen resolution quality.
Samsung said on Friday that it will start selling the Galaxy A3 and A5 in China sometime in November. It classified them as mid-tier, and said they will be launched in other "select markets", without disclosing the pricing.
The announcement, combined with hopes for an earnings recovery and bigger dividends, pushed Samsung's shares to a two-month high in Seoul in midday trade on Friday.
The news comes a day after Samsung reported its worst quarterly operating profit in more than three years. Earnings from its handset division slumped 73.9 percent from a year earlier.
The company said its responses to "rapid shifts in the competitive landscape" were not quick enough. It vowed to revamp its offerings.
"For our mid to low-end smartphones we will enhance product competitiveness by differentiating our displays and materials as well as upgrading camera functionality," Senior Vice President Kim Hyun-joon told analysts on Thursday.
The world's smartphone leader is regrouping as it lost market share in annual terms for the third straight quarter in July-September, according to Strategy Analytics.
It has been beaten by Apple Inc's iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Inc at the bottom end.
Samsung will likely accept lower margins going forward to preserve market share and growth volume, analysts said. But most do not expect a firm recovery until mid-2015 at the earliest.
"A lineup change is a costly process, just like re-doing your home interior design," said KTB Investment analyst Jin Sung-hye.

Rare Video: The Day Gavaskar Went Out of ControlTweet
0
It was the final league game at the 1987 Reliance World Cup . At Nagpur, they needed a big win against New Zealand to top the pool and avoid travelling to Pakistan for the semi-final.
The day would pass memorably for the hosts with Chetan Sharma becoming the first India bowler to take a hat-trick in international cricket.
Sharma bowled Ken Rutherford, Ian Smith and Ewen Chatfield to record the first World Cup ‘trick.
Shortly afterwards, New Zealand fought through Martin Snedden and Willie Watson to drag the score to 221.
Now, India’s task was simple: get these runs in 42.2 overs, top the table, and go to Calcutta to play England instead of Lahore to play Pakistan in the semifinal.
Krishnamachari Srikkanth batted like only he could. He smashed 75 in 58 balls to get India off to a flier in Sunil Gavaskar’s company.
Not that Gavaskar was a slouch. In 1975, he had started off his World Cup career with that infamous 36 not out off 174 balls. On this day, however, he was out to smash the Kiwis like there was no tomorrow.
After Srikkanth fell on 136, Gavaskar raced away to his only ODI hundred, and it came off just 85 balls. India were going at nearly seven runs an over – a frighteningly high run rate in that era.
The target was chased down in just the 33rd over and India would meet England in the semifinal in Mumbai, where Gavaskar would turn out for India for the very last time.
 
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Smart cities to offer more than jobs  developmentStory
Beyond the hype
While smart cities across India will boost the economy and create jobs, the concept and idea of developing these cities will offer more than this.
KT Ravindran        Edition: October 2014
The biggest challenge is the acquisition of land for creating smart cities.
The NDA government has laid the roadmap for the growth of real estate in the country through allocation of funds in the Budget and for the creation of 100 new smart cities . While smart cities across India will boost the economy and create jobs, the concept and idea of developing these cities will offer more than this.
WHAT LIES AHEAD
Last year, I was at the RICS Cobra Conference, one of the world's leading annual construction, building and real estate research conference. The conference provided the definition of a smart city. As per the definition, a smart city is defined as a city which uses information and communications technology to ensure that both its critical infrastructure and public services and components it offers are more interactive and efficient and that citizens can become more aware of them.
On a practical basis, a smart city would be one built with a robust and interactive information and communication technology infrastructure (ICT). Such a city will have an ICT infrastructure spread across the city with a command centre managing everyday services such as power distribution, water and solid waste management. The command centre will also be capable of controlling the traffic movement within city limits.
The government's announcement will lead to the identification and development of such cities across India. The success of smart cities would then be replicated to other backward regions and states too that need development.
The definition also gives us a snapshot of the research and innovation that must be undertaken, in addition to the challenges we face on this front.
CHALLENGES
The biggest challenge is the acquisition of land for creating smart cities. The land acquisition law might prove to be a deterrent and make the acquisition costlier, thereby making the residential and commercial units costlier. While the government is considering amendments in the Land Acquisition Bill, these changes may take time.
Moreover, the process of project approvals needs to be simplified. History suggests that most project delays are on account of delay in project approvals. There is need for a single window approval process system.
In this regard, the government needs to implement the recommendations of the Committee on Streamlining Approval Procedures for Real Estate Projects (SAPREP). The committee worked extensively between April 2012 and January 2013 to recommend corrective actions.
The other area of concern is the kind of employment these smart cities will generate. While the smart city will act as a centre of economic growth, it should also provide the right mix of livelihood to those migrating to it. Else, the migration of people will continue to pose a threat to the overall socio-economic scenario of the city.
The economic growth of the city depends on the mix of industries and sectors it will cater to. Thus, there is a need to conduct such feasibility studies to understand the likely developmental and economic strength of the new city. The dream of 100 new smart cities is achievable but it is imperative that we start looking at shaping our existing cities too.
(The author, KT Ravindran, is dean Emeritus, RICS School of Built Environment, Amity University)
 

Cipla s Hamied offers anti-viral drugs to treat EbolaE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: November 2, 2014  | 21:24 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Encouraged by the success achieved by doctors using anti-AIDS drugs to treat Ebola patients in rural Liberia and Sierra Leone, Cipla Chairman YK Hamied is offering, initially for free, drugs it makes like Lamivudine, Tenofovir, Entecavir and Adefovir, used in HIV and Hepatits C, to anyone in India or abroad wanting to use these anti-viral drugs to treat the Ebola virus.
Speaking to Business Today, Hamied says he is increasingly getting convinced that Ebola is an offshoot of HIV. "Please remember Ebola is also a virus and the success achieved by some doctors in Africa in treating Ebola patients with anti-HIV drugs could be a good stop-gap arrangement in case of an emergency like this to deal with the deadly virus till a vaccine is found. We must try all options to find an answer instead of just telling patients to go home and die, which is what the world did 10 years ago to patients of HIV."
Hamied referred to articles in newspapers abroad, particularly the story of Dr Gobee Logan in rural Liberia who successfully treated patients at a clinic in Tubmanburg with the drug Lamivudine in a bid to save their lives and how 13 of his 15 patients survived.
Hamied says he wrote a letter last week to the World Health Organisation to find out how many of the 10,000 afflicted by Ebola were HIV positive. He has also written to the Indian commerce ministry making his offer and raising the question on whether Ebola was an offshoot of HIV and the possible treatment for it.
On making of vaccine for Ebola in India, there are apparent challenges at the moment. According to Suresh Jadhav, Executive Director, Serum Institute of India, a leading producer of important vaccines like those for Diphtheria, Tetanus, Pertussis, says there are only two laboratories in India that have the high level of bio-safety - called BSL level 4 - to handle this. These labs are the National Institute of Virology in Pune and a defence institute in Jhansi.
He feels the government could allow the private sector to use these facilities, though at the moment the bigger challenge would be getting permission from the health ministry to first allow the import of this disease strain into India, as they may not agree.

Falling diesel  onion  tomato prices to cut inflationCPI
(There is good news on the…)
PUNE/NEW DELHI: There is good news on the inflation front. Diesel prices are likely to fall 11% in a span of two weeks; onion has dropped to Rs 20 a kg; tomato down to Rs 20 a kg from Rs 60 a few months ago; cooking oil is cheaper, and the outlook for vegetable prices and petroleum products is encouraging.
Trade and industry bodies say food prices are likely to be moderate in the months ahead as vegetable planting has gone up 25%, particularly near big cities, raising hopes that last month's fall in consumer and wholesale inflation would be sustained, although there are worries about the impact of the poor monsoon on prices.
The government has already cut the price of diesel by more than Rs 3 a litre this month, and the fuel is expected to fall another Rs 2.50, bringing it down about 11%. Petrol is already down to a 16-month low as crude prices tumbled from a high of $115 in June to $83 this month before stabilising at $85-$87. This helping tame inflation as well as the subsidy bill and have an overall positive impact on the economy.
"The low fuel inflation will result in Rs 15,000 crore worth of savings on the oil subsidy front compared to the budget estimate. The fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of the GDP which seemed very optimistic during the time of budget looks feasible now", said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings. He said government borrowings will be less than budgeted, having an impact on market interest rates, which will spur economic activity in the market.
In September, retail inflation,RBI's key inflation measure, eased to 6.46%, while wholesale inflation dropped to a five-year low of 2.38%, the fourth straight month of moderation led by falling vegetable prices. Vegetable prices are expected to remain low.
"Vegetable production has seen an increase around all metropolitan cities with planting seen an increase of 25%. Next three months prices will be under control," said Shriram Gadhave, president of the Maharashtra based All India Vegetable Growers Association. He said a tomato farmer in Maharashtra was getting less than Rs 5 a kg where-as in retail it was being sold at Rs 40 a kg. "Prices will correct soon," he said. However, some analysts are concerned about impact of this year's weak monsoon.
"As advance estimates have indicated shortfall in kharif harvest, it may affect prices of pulses. So we still need to be cautious on that. Anyway, India does not have enough domestic production, and is import dependent so price sensitivity will be higher", said Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA. She expects average consumer price index (CPI) between 6.5-7% in by January and a little higher by March. She said diesel had a small weightage in CPI but broader impact would be visible with a lag. Fuel and light has a 9.49% weight in the CPI, relatively lower than 15% weight in the wholesale price index.
Food occupies 50% weight in the CPI.Vegetable prices have been falling post Diwali. "In the next three days potato prices will fall by 10-15% as supplies from Punjab begin," said Padam Bhushan, potato trader at Azadpur mandi in New Delhi where it was being sold at Rs 20-25 a kg.
FEATURED ARTICLES

View: FM Arun Jaitley s  roadmap  could help Raghuram Rajan cut ratesSearch for:
Arun Jaitley should set a real reforms roadmap for Raghuram Rajan to consider interest-rate cut
12
By Rajiv Kumar
Finance minister Arun Jaitley’s suggestion to the RBI to cut interest rates is well-timed. It follows some key decisions that have signalled the government’s reformist intentions. Also, perhaps more importantly, both the wholesale and retail price inflation have not only stabilised but are on a declining trend.
The key question is whether recent policy announcements will convince the RBI about government’s commitment to addressing supply-side bottlenecks. On present trends, capital formation could remain anaemic until the Budget. Credit offtake by corporate houses remains well below previous levels and GDP growth seems stuck firmly around 5%. The FM must, therefore, be hoping that Raghuram Rajan will oblige and help him restart the ‘invite investment’ cycle.
Back-end on backburner
But Rajan will be well within his mandate to argue that steps taken so far do not constitute real reforms. Coal continues to be a public sector monopoly with a weak regulatory framework. Domestic gas remains underpriced and may not suffice to attract additional investment. While diesel has admittedly been decontrolled, the administered price mechanism for oil products itself hasn’t been formally dismantled. Labour markets remain as rigid as ever with recent steps just tinkering at the margin.
Land acquisition processes are still as time-consuming and expensive, and goods and services tax (GST) legislation is not yet assured of its passage through Parliament. So, Rajan can argue that the supply-side response capability hasn’t really improved to warrant a monetary policy relaxation. There is no visible hike in the rate of growth of potential output. So, any cut in interest rates would only stoke inflationary pressures and rekindle inflationary expectations.
Inflation-in-waiting
Rajan can also rightly argue that the current decline in both wholesale price index (WPI) and consumer price index (CPI) is a mere statistical illusion reflecting the high base of the previous year. The fear is that with the onset of the busy season and the lower base after December, inflation, if not tightly restrained, will begin its upward march.
One of the real causes of concern on the inflationary front will be the threat of rising food prices. The double-digit food inflation over the last seven years has been the principal driver of retail inflation in India. So, controlling inflation boils down to increasing supplies of food, especially fruit and vegetables, in the face of rising demand that’s unlikely to subside even with higher interest rates. To redress the supply-demand imbalance in food products, the administrative approach for inflation control should be jettisoned.
Food is a tradeable item. In the short term, its supplies can be raised through higher imports. These can provide the intermediate solution while measures to raise agriculture yields and productivity are put in place.
Lowering the relatively high import tariffs on food products and eliminating non-tariff barriers (NTBs) on agro-imports offer a viable way out. This could be sufficiently robust to assure the RBI.
At present, fruits attract a wide range of import tariffs ranging from 25% for grapefruits to 50% for apples, 70% for coconut inners and 105% for dried grapes. The majority of fruit varieties and nearly all vegetables, however, attract an import tariff of 30%, with vegetable imports from preferred destinations charged at 20%. All these can be immediately brought down to a flat 10%.
Say no to NTBs
NTBs that plague food imports also need to be eliminated. These affect the entire range of food products from Lindt chocolates to ginger from Nepal.
NTBs are applied in the form of long procedural delays, arbitrary and frequent changes in regulations; distant locations of food-testing labs; long delays in preparation of testing reports; and the prevalence of ‘speed payment’’across the board.
It is high time these NTBs are removed. That will pose a credible competitive threat to hoarders and also augment supplies to dampen inflation. Objections against liberalisation of food imports will range from ‘compromising self-sufficiency’ to having ‘a huge negative impact on farmers’ incomes’ and the widening of the current account deficit (CAD).
These objections are spurious. Farmers receive only a fraction of the final price with the large chunk being appropriated by intermediaries who hardly add any value. India’s CAD will also not be much affected because food imports are presently at very low levels. Fruit and vegetable imports in 2013-14 were merely Rs 4,000 crore ($650 million).
So, even if these imports increased by 30% annually as a result of liberalisation, they will amount to only $2.5 billion after five years. By this time, domestic supply response will kick in. Which is why on all counts, the finance minister will do well to liberalise food, especially fruit and vegetable imports, as a principal tool to fight food inflation. This could convince the RBI governor of the government’s commitment towards supplyside reforms to restrain inflation.
(The writer is director, Pahle India Foundation)
For a counterview, read DNA’s ‘Despite Arun Jaitley’s call, analysts see Raghuram Rajan holding rates on Dec 2’ at goo.gl/Q3y132
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Diesel & petrol prices likely to be cut by Rs 2.50/litre ahead of assembly electionsDiesel & petrol prices likely to be cut by Rs 2.50/litre ahead of assembly elections
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 07.04AM IST
Tags:
deregulate
(This will be the sixth consecutive…)
NEW DELHI: Diesel and petrol are likely to be cheaper by about Rs 2.50 a litre soon, which would dampen inflation as diesel rates would be down 11% in less than two weeks, and cheer consumers ahead of assembly elections in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir, government and industry sources said.
This will be the sixth consecutive reduction in petrol prices since August and the first cut in diesel rates after the government deregulated the fuel. The Cabinet on October 18 allowed state oil firms to align pump prices of diesel with market rates and announced Rs 3.37 per litre price cut. Petrol price was deregulated by the previous UPA government in June.
The planned reduction in auto fuel rates in the next few days would bring down petrol prices to a 16-month low and diesel prices to a level where it existed a year ago. The steep price cut is because of a sharp fall in international oil prices. Brent crude dropped to a four-year low of $82.60 per barrels two weeks ago from above $115 in June. It was trading at $87 per barrel on Wednesday.
According to international oil price data, companies are having margins of about $7-8 per barrel on petrol and diesel in the current pricing cycle compared to previous fortnight and the rupee-dollar exchange rate variation minimal, sources said. "But, a definite figure would be known only by the weekend after we get figures for remaining three days.
This could change the average and pump price. According to international oil price data, companies are having margins of about $7-8 per barrel on petrol and diesel in the current pricing cycle compared to previous fortnight and the rupee-dollar exchange rate variation minimal, sources said. "But, a definite figure would be known only by the weekend after we get figures for remaining three days. This could change the average and pump prices would change accordingly,"an industry executive said.
Now, the government is theoretically out from fixing retail prices of petrol and diesel, executives of state oil marketing firms often meet every fortnight to decide pump rates. The next pricing review is expected on Friday or Saturday, where decision of exact quantum would be taken after tacit approval of petroleum ministry.
According to government sources, the election code of conduct may not apply on diesel and petrol price cut as both the fuels are already deregulated and prices are fixed by industry based on fluctuations in the international oil markets.
Sources said the government would direct state oil firms to retain a significant cushion on at least diesel price before announcing the fuel price cut. The cushion, which is expected to be around Rs 1 a litre, will help in holding the pump price of diesel in case its rate spikes in the international market in the first fortnight of November.
 
The NDA government would not like fuel prices to jump during state elections starting from November 25.
Even when the government reduced diesel price on October 18, it had retained a 56 paise per litre cushion to protect the consumer from any sudden jump in volatile international markets. The government had decided to deregulate diesel at a time when companies had started making an over-recovery of Rs 3.56 per litre.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The TCS board is all about principles and performanceThe TCS board is all about principles and performance
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
Aman Mehta
(TCS Board: 4. Cyrus Mistry,Chairman…)
The house of Tatas has always been known for its integrity and Cyrus Mistry the new Chairman of Tata Sons and TCS, is upping the bar a notch higher. In a board meeting, Mistry decided the crown jewel of the Tata Group will not do any business with Shapoorji Pallonji, his father's real estate company, because it was a related party transaction. That decision has business implications for the firm he once ran but the sixth chairman of Tata Sons decided to uphold the Tata values rather than indulge in a practice that is legal but of questionable ethics. Even the protests from the TCS management, who wanted to work with Shapoorji Pallonji because of the company's expanding campus requirements, didn't deter Mistry. "The Tatas believe in doing business ethically and the chairman walks the talk," says Aman Mehta, an independent director on TCS board.
That Mistry continues to choose principles over profits and stick to the core Tata values is one of the reasons the TCS board is one of India Inc's most admired. Not that profts and performance are an issue; in 2014 India's largest software company clocked revenues of $13.4 bn with net income of $3.1 bn.
Apart from the performance, one just needs to take look at the TCS board composition to understand why peers respect it. The set of high profile independent directors like public policy expert Dr Vijay Kelkar, ex-HSBC banker Aman Mehta, ex-SBI chairman OP Bhatt, and ex-CEO of GlaxoSmithKline, India VenkatramanThyagarajan bring in diverse experience coming from different backgrounds; the nonindependent non-executive Tata representatives like Cyrus Mistry, S Ramadorai and Ishat Hussain, and Phiroz Vandrevala have run large companies or have deep industry expertise, and for the global perspective, there's Ron Summers and Harvard innovation guru Clayton Christianson. "We have a set of exemplary members on our boards who bring lateral perspective and deep knowledge. We have people who know the banking industry, people who know India, people who know Europe, people who are thought leaders in innovation, says CEO N Chandrasekaran.
  Though a carefully composed board makes a whole lot of difference but for a board to function well, a culture of openness, transparency and candour is a must-have. The Tatas own more than 75% of TCS and four non- executive non- independent directors represent the group on the board. With that kind of heft, board independence can be a casualty but that's not the case with TCS. "Earlier Ratan Tata and now Cyrus Mistry want directors of independent mind. The Group has a history and legacy of trusteeship and good governance and that continues. " says Venkatraman Thygarajan. "The good part is that the Tata Group representatives behave like other directors. Even the chairman is not just focused on dividends and market value and is often looking to take the best practices from TCS," adds Mehta.
Competing with the likes of Infosys, Wipro and global majors like IBM and Accenture, TCS has been on a roll over last five years, growing faster than its peers. How does the TCS management team engage with the board on matters of strategy and execution? "We give presentations during four quarterly board meetings. In one board meeting we discuss the strategy over the next three years, in areas where we are investing, areas we are entering, and trends. The day is spent debating the quality of the strategy. In other board meetings, apart from the governance items we always give visibility to the specific areas of the business and the leaders of the business." says Chandrasekaran. TCS also takes the entire board to its North America offsite where they meet customers and management team in a casual way. The business unit heads, geography leaders, and domain heads present to the board regularly giving the members a good visibility of second or third rung leaders. The practice helps the members get a deeper understanding of business and also get a closer look at the leadership pipeline.
Having a thought leader like innovation guru Christianson on the board is an competitive advantage, especially if you operate in an industry like technology wherein disruption can take the game away quickly. "Clay brings in enormous amount of insights because he can draw parallels of what we do to many different industries. He shares with us how different scenarios will play out or have played out in the past. He talks about how we are disrupting and how we might get disrupted," says Chandrasekaran. When the going is good, what exactly does the board do apart from the reviews? "They ensure that performance is never an issue," laughs Chandra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A healthy mix of old-timers & conservatism keeps HDFC board goingDeepak Parekh
(HDFC board: 7. Deepak Parekh…)
Headhunters are forever in pursuit of Renu Sud Karnad . Though the managing director of HFDC generally turns them down, there are times she has acquiesced. The offers are not for regular CEO jobs —Karnad is a 37 year veteran of HDFC and the headhunters know better than that — but for directorships on company Boards. India Inc is desperate for women directors and Karnad certainly fits the bill. "HDFC is one of the few companies that allows its executives to us join other Boards, and I'm thankful for that. It's something that has widened my vision," she says.
Karnad is currently on the Board of heavyweight corporates like ABB, Bosch, WNS, East India Hotels, and to each of them she brings not just a lifetime of experience from HDFC but also the wisdom gleaned from her membership of HDFC's own Board. If HDFC has been named one of India's best Boards by the Hay Group-ET Corporate Dossier survey two years in a row, it is partly because it has some very eminent people as directors. Last Wednesday, is you threw a pebble through the Board room window of HDFC's new headquarters in HUL House, Churchgate, (when a Board meeting was on full swing) you might have hit a former RBI Governor, an exchairman of SBI , or a former chief secretary of Maharashtra. No wonder vice chairman and CEO Keki Mistry says, "We rely on our Board for guidance on all matters."
The character of the Board usually reflects the character of the company and HDFC is no exception. The organisation itself is a nice place to work and most executives who join it do not leave. At the Board level too, most of the directors are old-timers who have been there for decades. HDFC's Board is also famous for its conservatism. Legend has it that the Board almost killed the proposal to set up HDFC Bank , believing it was too risky. Even when it decided to move ahead, HDFC decided to share the risk — and what turned out to the substantial returns — with a now defunct foreign bank.
Last year, when the company came up with a proposal to diversify into the education business by setting up a school in Gurgaon, it became a matter of lengthy debate at Board level. HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh believes this is in the nature of the business the company is in — and in the nature of the Board. "Older people are conservative," he says.
"This is a actually a good thing in the finance sector, where you need to be conservative." Dr SA Dave, former chairman of UTI and SEBI , is 78 years old and has been on HDFC's Board for 23 years. He believes the long tenures of the Board members has provided the company with a sense of continuity, which has worked well. "At one time or the other, we have all offered to resign and make way for younger people, but Deepak wouldn't hear of it. He doesn't want to break the continuity," he says.
Given this philosophy, it is quite significant that two of HDFC's long time independent directors resigned last year: Keshub Mahindra and Shirish Patel, both of whom were with on the Board since inception. HDFC now has the option of replacing them with independent directors or full-time directors. The company's currently has eight independent directors and only three full-time directors on its Board and has room to promote more executives to the Board since Company Law allows for an equal number of independent and full-time directors. "We've always had far too many independent directors on the Board. Right now, we are not replacing the directors who have resigned, but when we do, we will bring in younger people, " says Deepak Parekh.
HDFC, like many established companies, lacks technological expertise on its Board. In the digital era, this is a serious deficit. Renu Karnad, for her part, expects this will be addressed when the company begins a search for new Board members. "I look forward to having someone with a technology background on the Board. This kind of knowledge and experience has become very important to a financial services company today, and we have been lacking on this front," she says
FEATURED ARTICLES

From vision-creation to succession-planning  Marico s board does it allCSR committee
(Marico Chairman Harsh Mariwala.  )
It's not often that a majority promoter owned business has minimal representation on the board of the company. This is exactly what makes FMCG company Marico unique. Six members, or 67%, of the nine-member board are independent directors. Chairman Harsh Mariwala credits management guru Ram Charan for this. "He made me think about the possibility of the board being a source of competitive advantage and playing an important role in driving the company's growth."
To this end, board members have been carefully selected with each one bringing in a specific area of expertise, from FMCG and retail to venture and human capital specialists. At the same time they have broad worldview and can contribute holistically to the business. A lot of attention is paid to the induction of the new board members, and there is a clear charter outlining the role of the board.
Managing Director & CEO Saugata Gupta, points out that the board in turn is passionate about making a difference. "The engagement goes beyond just quarterly meetings. If there is a new CXO level hiring or a performance management related issue that can't wait for the next meeting, the board members always make themselves available," he says. At an informal level, board members mentor the CEO and certain management team members depending on their areas of expertise. So Nikhil Khattau, Managing Partner, MF Advisors LLP would be in touch with the CFO on a fairly regular basis. Khattau is the oldest board member, having been on the Marico board for a decade now and has seen the evolution of the board up close.
The turning point came three years ago when the board did a twoday retreat with Ram Charan, who held one-on-one sessions with the management team and board members to assess the role of the board and what needed to be done next. He says, "The Marico Board has been a unique example of an Indian company progressively adopting global best practices for Board effectiveness. Their constant quest for improvement has enthused me to guide them from time to time."
Ram Charan prepared a detailed agenda outlining issues ranging from the role of the board as a strategic, not statutory body to mentoring the management team, and continues to mentor the board members on an on-going basis. The other significant outcome was setting a baseline for board performance and benchmarking board effectiveness against it annually.
Turning the spotlight on itself is something the board constantly does, says human capital expert Hema Ravichander. The board evaluates its performance vis-a-vis the charter and stakeholder expectations, taking feedback from the management team as well as doing a self-evaluation on parameters like board dynamics, substantive issues they should focus on and the information architecture. At annual retreats, board members spend equal amounts of time on long term strategic issues as well as analysing their own performance. Pre-reads are sent out seven days before a board meeting to ensure that they have a structured discussion and a lot of it deals with solving management dilemmas. In addition to that, the board receives crisp monthly updates on business performance.
2. Saugata Gupta 3. Nikhil Khattau 4. Anand Kripalu 5. Atul Choksey 6. B.S Nagesh 7. Hema Ravichandar 8. Rajeev Bakshi 9. Rajen Mariwala
The role of the board has been clearly defined in terms of a strategic partnership and not a statutory body and it is involved in co-creating organisational and strategic vision, acquisitions and succession planning. The board members credit Mariwala with creating the right environment which doesn't promote group think and enables the board to function effectively. Mariwala admits that wearing the three hats of promoter, MD and Chairman was a bit confusing for him at board meetings for a while. "You can't wear the promoter hat; you have to put the company interests over everything else. That's been the key shift for me personally," he says.
  Independence is an important aspect of the equation and the audit committee members have direct and independent access to the auditors, as well as senior management at Marico. Khattau says that a lot of the provisions that have recently been mandated by law have always been a part of the Marico board charter. In keeping with its role as a strategic partner, there have been instances when the board has talked the management out of certain decisions, like pursuing acquisitions which it didn't think would benefit the business.
Two years ago, Mariwala set himself the target of becoming one of the best boards in the country, seeking best practices from other boards like Dr Reddy's Laboratories. Now that he's achieved that, it begs the question: what next? "It's an ongoing journey and you have to keep investing in it," he says. The board members agree that it is an evolving board, constantly seeking feedback in orderto get better at its job. The immediate focus however will be making a few tweaks to comply with the new Companies Act 2014 and SEBI guidelines like rotating board members and setting up a CSR committee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Unhappy with etailers May get easier to sue themYou are here: Home > Collections
Consumer Protection Act may get more teeth; new law may help you sue online retailers from your city
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 08.16AM IST
Tags:
Consumer court
(Government is planning…)
NEW DELHI: Unhappy with your online purchase and want to take legal action against the seller? You will soon be able to do it from your home city, rather than go where the seller is based.
To help customers, the government is planning to revamp the Consumer Protection Act in the forthcoming winter session of Parliament to allow 'territoryfree' legal action against any goods or service provider .
Under the current rules, a consumer can initiate legal action against a seller only in the place where transaction takes place.
"The current restriction of jurisdiction cannot work in an e-commerce environment. We are looking at changes in the consumer protection act to ensure it addresses these issues," a senior government official privy to the deliberations on the issue told ET.
The ministry of consumer affairs is working on this revamp to safeguard interest of consumers in a world where shopping is not constrained by geography. The existing law, which came into being in 1986, cannot effectively deal with challenges posed by new economic, business and technological developments.
"Technology has erased geographic boundaries... For effective consumer protection it is essential that new law addresses these challenges," the official said. The new provisions will cover both goods and service providers but only those that operate physically from the Indian soil.
The new law would cover not just vendors in online space but also marketplace providers such as Amazon and Flipkart. A significant chunk of India's $10 billion and rapidly growing e-commerce business comes from outside the big cities. Snapdeal says 60% of its business comes from outside the top 15 cities and Flipkart gets half its orders from nonmetros. The government aims to ensure the new law empowers consumers to take on errant etailers.
A significant chunk of India's $10 billion and rapidly growing e-commerce business comes from outside the big cities. Snapdeal says 60% of its business comes from outside the top 15 cities and Flipkart gets half its orders from nonmetros. The government aims to ensure the new law empowers consumers to take on errant etailers.
But etailers fear it may be abused. "Online shoppers are already a pampered lot," a senior executive at a top ecommerce firm said. "Most complaints are in any case settled in the customer's favour. Such rules are prone to get misused."
"This is a welcome order for consumers, as they can file for damages or a compensatory suit in their local jurisdiction saving time and money," says Sanjay Ashar, Senior Partner of Crawford Bailey & Co.
"However it will be difficult for ecommerce companies to fight at several courts. When a company has many cases related to similar products or services, it can go to High Court and transfer those cases to one place. Also, if two courts in different places pass contradicting orders, it will be difficult for the company to know which one to follow, until they get clarity from higher courts. This will certainly increase the legal cost of the e-commerce industry."
Once the revamped law is in place, consumers will be able to approach their local consumer court against a service or a goods provider who may be situated anywhere in the country.
Any "unfair trade practices" including a false claim could be challenged under the new law. The department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) had taken up the issue of regulation of ecommerce retailers with consumer affairs ministry. Brick-and mortar retailers associations had represented to the DIPP after leading online sellers including Flipkart and Amazon offered deep discounts to promote sales.
A new inter-ministerial group has also been formed by the government chaired by consumer affairs secretary to deal with new issues in the consumer space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks in emerging markets invest to gain innovation leadershipBanks in emerging markets invest to gain innovation leadership
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 09.25PM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(They are doing this by investing…)
NEW DELHI: Banks in emerging countries such as India, Brazil, Malaysia and Russia are more likely to have an innovation strategy in place and invest in R&D so as to become innovation leaders, says an Infosys-Efma study.
The sixth annual study, titled 'Innovation in Retail Banking 2014', surveyed over 100 retail banks around the world.
The report found that more banks in fast growing and rapidly developing markets are displaying greater ambition for becoming innovation leaders in delivering superior customer value.
They are doing this by investing more in research and development compared to their peers in mature markets, the report added.
"Banks are most concerned by the threat from technology companies entering the market (for example Google, Apple and Facebook ). The threat from this type of competitor was rated high by 45 per cent of banks and has increased in the last 12 months," the report said.
After technology companies, the most significant threat is perceived to come from telcos and from start-ups, it added.
As part of their innovation strategies, 26 per cent of banks surveyed said they are investing in start-ups.
Many banks organise their innovation activities around specific themes. Mobility is currently the most important theme with 88 per cent of banks rating the importance as 'high', followed closely by Big Data (67 per cent) and 'Social Channels (63 per cent).
Over 70 per cent of banks perceive mobile payments and services on multiple devices to be of high importance for delivering customer value in the mobile channel, it added.
"In times of continued pressure on profitability, there is no let-up in the demand from customers for innovative products and services. Many banks in rapidly growing emerging markets, who are used to generating profits from customers with smaller transaction values, are at the forefront of innovation in retail banking," Infosys Senior Vice President and Global Head of Finacle Michael Reh said.
Lessons on innovation from these banks could be extremely valuable to financial institutions around the world as they compete with new players in the market, Reh added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Arvind Mayaram gets second transfer order in a fortnightArvind Mayaram gets second transfer order in a fortnight
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.10AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mayaram
(This is just a fortnight…)
NEW DELHI: Former finance secretary Arvind Mayaram was transferred for a second time in a fortnight to the Ministry of Minority Affairs, where he now joins ex-revenue secretary Rajiv Takru who handles the National Commission for Minorities.
Mayaram was transferred out from the finance ministry on October 15 to the tourism ministry , but he was yet to take charge. His second transfer on Thursday set off charges that the minority affairs was turning into a 'graveyard' for top babus of UPA. Both Takru and Mayaram were brought into secretary-level positions in the finance ministry by former finance minister P Chidambaram. 1979-batch IAS officer Takru was shifted out in June to the Department of North-East and later transferred as secretary, National Commission for Minorities, in September.
Mayaram will now be secretary, Ministry of Minority Affairs. A senior babu told ET the move could also be because the PM had opted for a "more suitable choice" for the tourism secretary's chair in LK Panwar, a 1979-batch IAS officer from Rajasthan, who will be replaced by Mayaram at the minority affairs ministry.
Panwar has a doctorate in the subject and is considered the brain behind projects like 'Palace on Wheels'. In bureaucratic circles, the minority affairs ministry is considered more low-profile than the tourism ministry.
The government official mentioned earlier said there was no vendetta behind the decision to replace Mayaram with Panwar at the tourism ministry. "Panwar's case was overlooked when the selection of the tourism secretary was announced on October 15. Subsequently, the ACC comprising PM Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh learnt of the credentials of Panwar in the field of tourism and the PM felt he could be the best choice as tourism secretary," he said.
Panwar has a Ph.D in tourism from USA and was been V-C and MD of ITDC from 2010 to 2013. He was Rajasthan government's secretary incharge of tourism from 2000-2002 and served in the same from 1991-1995.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM flags off Run for Unity on Sardar Patel s birthdayYou are here: Home > Collections > Flags
PM Modi flags off Run for Unity on Sardar Patel's birth anniversary
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
birth anniversary
(Modi said Patel devoted…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today dedicated birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel as National Unity Day, saying a nation that disregards its history cannot create one and made a veiled reference to anti-Sikh riots that followed then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's assassination this day 30 years ago.
Got up as an event to accord Sardar Patel, the 'Iron Man of India', his place in history, the Government made it clear that this was no attempt to belittle the contribution of any other leader.
"Let us not forget that a nation that disregards its history can never create one...Don't divide history, legacy in narrow confines of ideology," Modi said.
Flagging off run for unity on the 139th birth anniversary of the first Home Minister of the country celebrated as "Rashtriya Ekta Divas", Modi said Patel devoted his life for the unity of the Nation and it was unfortunate that "our very own people" were killed on his birth anniversary 30 years ago.
Sardar Patel's life is a journey of deep-rooted courage, dedication & service to the Motherland. He is truly the architect of Modern India.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 31, 2014
In an apparent reference to riots which took place after the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984, Modi said, "Patel never deviated from his vision of national unity despite facing obstacles in his political life. It is a misfortune of this country that 30 years ago on the birth anniversary of such a leader an incident which shook the unity of nation took place."
"Hamare apne logon ko maut ke ghaat utar diya gaya (our own people were killed on that day). That incident was not a wound on the hearts of people of a particular religion it was a dagger into the heart of thousands of years of country's heritage and culture," he said.
Watch: PM flags off Run for Unity
He also noted that it was also the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Remembering the contribution of Patel in the Independence movement, Modi said Mahatma Gandhi had entrusted him with planning of historical Dandi march which he successfully did.
"When we see Ramakrishna Paramhans he appears to be incomplete without Swami Vivekananda. Similarly when we see Mahatma Gandhi, he also appears incomplete without Sardar Patel," he said.
 
Earlier welcoming the Prime Minister, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu said, "Had Sardar Patel been the first Prime Minister of the country, history would have been different. This is how many people feel."
He also said the celebration was not aimed at belittling the contribution of any other political leader.
Sangh has always felt that successive governments had held the contribution of Jawahar Lal Nehru and those of the Nehru-Gandhi family in higher regards over others.
After flagging off the "unity run" which saw participation of athletes like Sushil Kumar, Vijender Singh, cricketers Virendra Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir, Modi made a brisk walk leading the run.
Flanked by Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Naidu, Arun Jaitely among others, the Prime Minister administered the oath of unity to participants
Earlier, Modi offered floral tributes to the statue of Sardar Patel at Patel Chowk which was decked up for the occasion.
Modi also compared Patel with Chanakya, saying, "The country can never forget Sardar Patel. Centuries ago, Chanakya conducted a successful experiment of establishing a strong set up by uniting small princely states.
"Post Independence, the same great work was done by the man whose birth anniversary we are celebrating today, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel," he said.
"It is unfortunate that the man who dedicated his life for the unity of India, faced criticisms and opposition, suffered hurdles in his political career but was never deterred from his goal of uniting the country," the PM said.
"Our culture and legacy is of unity in diversity. Let us rise over differences of creed, community, language," he said while addressing the participants of the unity run.
Modi said Sardar Patel unified the country through his skill, vision and patriotism.
Recalling his role in uniting the entire country after partition, Modi said "Sardar Patel demolished Britishers' plan to divide India in many small regions. He single handedly merged all 550 regions with the country."
Modi also lauded Patel's vision and diplomatic abilities in uniting the farmers in the freedom struggle against the British rule and said, "His act of consolidating the farmers as a force in the freedom movement dashed the dreams of the British to break India into small parts.".
Exhorting people to rise above casteism, communalism and language barriers to keep the country united, he said, "Sardar Patel gave us one India, we have to make it great India."
As soon as he flagged off the run, participants asked the Prime Minister to lead them and he led the run for some distance.
Highlighting the contributions of Patel, Union Minister Naidu said, "As a student I used to think that history has not done justice to Sardar Patel who had single handedly unified the country. Had Sardar Patel been the first Prime minister of India, the fate of the country would have been different, the situation would have been different".
Lauding Patel for his mind of steel and great vision, he asked if our history books presented a true picture of his contributions, and said it was the objective of this Government to do so.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government bars its employees from travelling first classYou are here: Home > Collections > Expenditure
Government bars its employees from travelling first class
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.21AM IST
Tags:
Defecit
(The previous UPA government…)
NEW DELHI: Government employees can't travel first class , the government has said, following a UPA tradition as it puts in place a mid-year austerity drive seeking a mandatory 10% cut in non-plan expenditure by ministries and departments. The finance ministry directive also bars meetings in five-star hotels and the purchase of new cars besides a freeze on new appointments.
"In the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalize expenditure and optimize available resources," a finance ministry statement said on Thursday. "Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline, without restricting the operational efficiency of the government." The directive came a day after expenditure secretary R P Wattal told financial advisors of various ministries and departments to remain within budget and be prudent with spending and maintain fiscal discipline.
"The message is clear that funds should be prudently spent," said an official who attended the meeting. The previous UPA government put similar measures in place in 2012 and 2013 as it sought to narrow the fiscal deficit. The creation of new positions as well as car purchases are mostly banned and video conferencing should be used wherever possible. Interest and debt payments, the defence budget, salaries and pensions will not be affected by these steps, it said.
"While officers are entitled to various classes of air travel depending on seniority, utmost economy would need to be observed while exercising the choice keeping the limitations of budget in mind. However, there would no bookings in first class," it said.
The ministry said the purchase of new vehicles to meet operational requirements of the defence and paramilitary forces and security organisations are permitted but a ban on the buying of any other vehicles would continue. "In the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalise expenditure and optimise available resources," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ad gurus to contribute in government s save-power driveAd gurus
(Power ministry is tapping…)
KOLKATA: The power ministry is tapping the imagination of advertising gurus to hammer home the message that India can save 25,000MW of energy every year by being prudent.
The Piyush Goyal-led ministry has roped in Ogilvy & Mather India executive chairman Piyush Pandey , Madison World chairman and MD Sam Balsara and Sunil Alagh, a marketing consultant, for a compelling campaign around saving and efficient use of electricity. "We are all helping the committee as individuals. We are now waiting for the brief," Pandey said. "The idea is to bring awareness on saving power and ways of using power in the correct way."
Despite having an installed power generation capacity of over 250,000 MW, about 5% of India's close to 600,000 villages remain deprived of electricity, while power supply in most rural areas is erratic, mainly due to high consumption in urban areas.
Some experts say the government's efforts to cut electricity wastage need to be supplement strategies to reach out to the industrial and agriculture sectors where energy conservation potential is estimated at over 23%.
As per the ministry's estimates, close to 25,000 MW of energy can be saved annually.
The ministry, sources say, may rope in prominent faces as brand ambassadors to energise its "saving electricity" campaigns which, thus far, are perceived to have not achieved much. An efficient power sector tops the priority list of Narendra Modi, who as chief minister had turned around Gujarat's utilities and showcased them as a development model.
In its election manifesto earlier this year, the BJP promised uninterrupted power supply for all. Government agencies like the Bureau of Energy Efficiency have taken several steps to improve energy efficiency and promote power saving.
Ogilvy's sister agency, Soho Square and Madison, helped the BJP with its Lok Sabha poll campaign, which too was led by Union minister Goyal, Pandey and Balsara, and the trio continue to work on campaigns for state assembly elections. Asked if he is open to joining more committee's within government, Pandey said, "I am open to helping out on any call. But I can't spread myself too thin and then fail to deliver the work."
Meanwhile, there are talks that Modi wants Pandey to lead communications for both the government and the party. Although Pandey denied having received any such offer, several top executives at WPP said the offer includes maintaining agency relations and supervising government projects like 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', 'Clean Ganga' and 'Jan Dhan Yojana', among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FDI in real estate may double after easing of rules: NAREDCOCushman & Wakefield
(Yesterday, the Cabinet…)
NEW DELHI: Foreign direct investment (FDI) in the real estate sector could jump over two-fold in the next one year with easing of FDI rules in the construction sector, realtors' body NAREDCO said today.
Real estate developers and consultants were of the view that this move would give fillip to cash-starved realty sector, which is reeling under a slowdown since last 2-3 years. It will help developers in raising funds to complete projects.
Yesterday, the Cabinet relaxed FDI rules in construction sector by reducing minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and easing the exit norms.
"Reduction in minimum built-up area to 20,000 sq meters from 50,000 sq meters and reduction in capital investment to $ 5 million from $ 10 million has the potential to more than double FDI inflows into housing, commercial real estate, hotels and townships in the next one year," NAREDCO Chairman Navin Raheja said in a statement.
In 2013-14 fiscal, the FDI in construction development, which include housing and township, was $ 1.22 billion. During April-August period of this fiscal, the sector has attracted $ 446 million worth FDI.
Hailing the move, India's largest realty major DLF Group Executive Director Rajeev Talwar said: "Praise to the Finance Minister for being so prompt in meeting the requirements of this industry in his budget announcement, then approval for Real Estate Investment Trusts and now relaxation in FDI norm. There will be huge amount of FDI inflow in this sector".
Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra said this would "surely provide a boost to the real estate industry and go a long way in fulfilling Prime Minister Narendra Modi's dream of creating smart cities throughout the country."
Permission to sell completed projects to foreign investors will help Indian developers get much needed liquidity into the system, Chandra added.
Parsvnath Developers Chairman Pradeep Jain said: "We are thankful to government for this move. The sector is reeling under acute funding pressure. The foreign investment in real estate has also gone down in last few years. Hence, this move has sent a positive signal for the real estate sector".
Terming the decision as a positive development, realty consultant CBRE South Asia CMD Anshuman Magazine said: "Real estate and infrastructure industry is starved of funds. This announcement will widen the base of investors, especially mid-sized financial institutions."
It would also encourage new development projects in prime areas of large cities and in tier II towns, Magazine added.
Property consultant Cushman & Wakefield said the move is likely to give fillip to real estate sector. This step would be beneficial for the next phase of urban development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GMR Group head G Mallikarjuna Rao appointed as APSSDC chairmanGMR Group head G Mallikarjuna Rao appointed as APSSDC chairman
PTI Oct 30, 2014, 06.22PM IST
Tags:
APSSDC chairman
(The APSSDC, constituted…)
HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Government today appointed noted industrialist and GMR Group chairman Grandhi Mallikarjuna Rao as chairman of the State Skill Development Corporation (APSSDC) and Ghanta Subba Rao as its first Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer.
The APSSDC, constituted on September 10, will function on the lines of the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) to take the state on a "speedy path of development".
Retired IAS officer K Lakshminarayana has been named as APSSDC Director.
"Skills and knowledge are the driving forces of economic growth and social development of any country. After bifurcation, the residuary state of Andhra Pradesh had to forfeit revenues, assets, several institutions and locational advantages.
"Hence, the state government intends to take the state on a speedy path of development by taking up port-based development, improving air, rail and road connectivity to position the state as a logistics hub and leveraging the strong agriculture base to develop Information Technology clusters," Principal Secretary to government (Higher Education) Nilam Sawhney said in an order.
APSSDC, set up under the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) model, would also give a fillip to gas-based industries and petro-chemical sector and tap the tourism potential of the state, she added.
APSSDC would be incorporated as a "not for profit" company under the Companies Act , 2013.
The AP government would hold 49 per cent share in the company, while the NSDC and the Industry would hold 51 per cent, Sawhney said in the order.
"As the state economy is set to transform, mature and diversify, significantly-different and specialist skill sets become inevitable. The urgency is felt more acutely as there is also need to harness the demographic dividend in the state.
"The skill gap will need to be addressed through comprehensive efforts at various levels in order to cater to different needs of the society and the industry," the principal secretary added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian students turn entrepreneurs in SingaporeYou are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurs
Indian students turn entrepreneurs in Singapore
Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 07.24AM IST
Tags:
Business
(Singapore government provides…)
NEW DELHI: Prukalpa Sankar had the usual career plans of finishing her engineering and following it up with an MBA. A chemical and bio-molecular engineering student at Nanyang Technological University (NTU) in Singapore, she even interned with the right mix of recruiters - Goldman Sachs and ExxonMobil. But instead of landing her first job, she turned an entrepreneur.
Sankar credits the culture at NTU for turning her into a businesswoman. Having done a minor in entrepreneurship in her third year, she conceptualised and spearheaded Singapore Start-up challenge, an initiative funded by NTU that linked 200 startups to students looking for opportunities across Singapore. In her fourth year, she launched technology data company Social Cops, which aims to power decision-making in the social space through data sourced from on-theground sources in India.
Social Cops raised $320,000 in seed funding from VC firm 500 Startups, Google MD Rajan Anandan and Frost & Sullivan Asia-Pacific MD Manoj Menon this July. Buoyed by Singapore government's support including cash payouts and tax waivers, and assistance from universities, Indians are giving up corporate jobs for businesses in the South-east Asian country.
Their business ideas and plans include addressing both global and regional problems back home. National University of Singapore (NUS) alumnus Abhinav Krishna launched online portal OurHealthMate with Akash Kumar, an assistant professor at NUS.
It addresses a specific problem faced by Indians moving out of the country, he said, as the firm ties up with doctors in India to provide medical aid and support to family members of overseas Indians, and helps them get status checks through feedback reports on treatments and diagnosis. Through 10,000 registered doctors and an online payment gateway, overseas Indians can book check-ups and consultations for family members back home.
OurHealthMate was initially assisted by NUS Enterprise, a division of NUS which aims at providing experiential entrepreneurial education and entrepreneurship support through industry partnerships.
Block 71 in Singapore's Ayah Rajah Crescent has been revamped into an entrepreneurial hub by NUS Enterprise, corporate venture company SingTel Innov8 and Management Development Agency (MDA) Singapore. A cluster for light manufacturing industries back in the 1970s, Block 71 was up for demolition when it was converted into a tightly knit startup community. It offers subsidised rentals for accommodation and other facilities to early stage startups and houses 200 startups and 30 incubators and investors within walking distance of each other.
 
"We are developing entrepreneurs as we think entrepreneurs are not merely born, but can be created and nurtured," said Lily Chan, CEO of NUS Enterprise. NUS also runs NUS Overseas College in the United States, China, India and Israel, which enables NUS students to work with startups in these countries."Students coming to India can work with social startups for three to six months on locations outside Bangalore, Jaipur and Mumbai. The idea behind the overseas college is to get students excited about working in small companies." Naman Shah, an economics and business management student who graduated from NUS this year, is the market lead (Asia Pacific) for US-based startup BizEquity.
An online business valuation portal for small business owners, BizEquity raised $5.1 million this month and Shah is setting up its operations in Singapore. He said his stint with the startup in Philadelphia through NUS Overseas College really helped him learn the ropes, adding,"In general, the culture here is not one of risk-taking. Students would still like to work in MNCs, but that's gradually changing."
Subject to certain conditions, the Singapore government provides about 60% cash payouts for investments made in innovation and productivity improvements in startups under its Productivity and Innovation Credit (PIC) Scheme. Businesses can also avail up to 400% tax deductions on up to $400,000 of expenditure per year, a move targeted at some of the more mature startups.
Grants from the government for startups to develop products, research/test bed ideas and commercialise products can range from $50,000 to $500,000, depending on the stage of the startup and the eligibility criteria. Under the Technology Incubation Scheme, the National Research Foundation Singapore could co-invest up to 85% of investment (up to S$500,000 per company) in a Singaporebased startup, on recommendation from technology incubators, which include firms like Red Dot Ventures, Small World Group and Silicon Straits.
Indian alumni from INSEAD, the French business school which has a campus in Singapore, are also running successful ventures. RedMart, one of the more popular startups in Singapore, is an online grocery venture founded by INSEAD alumnus Vikram Rupani.
It raised $23 million in a series B round this July and investors include Eduardo Saverin, co-Founder of Facebook, and Toivo Annus, co-founder of Skype. Sanjna Parasrampuria, former Asia-Pacific regional head for HDFC, launched consumer analytics firm NEWCLEUS after graduating from INSEAD last year."The next frontier for Singapore is in analytics and startups in analytics tend to get noticed a lot more," said Parasrampuria, who was approached and incubated by NUS Enterprise.
Parasrampuria cites the example of online retailer Flipkart, which is registered in Singapore, and says government cash payouts and tax benefits aside, the rules and regulations make it easier for startups and VC firms to register companies in the country."Given the current landscape in India, registering here makes more sense. Corporate tax rates in India could be anywhere around 33% while the maximum rate here would be about 17%."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Liquidity hungry real estate sector thrilled over relaxed FDI normsUpdated: October 31, 2014 12:43 IST
Liquidity hungry real estate sector thrilled over relaxed FDI norms
Ramnath Subbu
foreign investment
The liquidity-starved real estate sector in India has unanimously welcomed the government’s decision to revise the foreign direct investment (FDI) norms in the real estate sector.
There has been a relaxation in norms relating to the built-up area, capitalization and the lock-in period. Also the minimum built-up area has been reduced from 50,000 square metres to 20,000 square metres and the minimum capitalization has been halved from $ 10 million to $ 5 million.
India’s construction, housing and real estate segments’ share in total FDI has fallen from 5 per cent in 2013 to under 3 per cent as of the current fiscal until August, according to JLL India, a real estate consultancy. ``In fact, its share has been consistently falling over the last six years since 2009-10 when it stood at over 20 per cent.’’
Anuj Puri, Chairman & Country Head, JLL India said developers continued to reel under high levels of debt even as the channels of funding have shrunk. ``The easier rules will help faster completion of projects delayed by a squeeze on funds due to elevated debt levels.’’
``It is a good step from a broader policy perspective,’’ L.K.Jain, President, Confederation of Real Estate Developers’ Associations of India (CREDAI) told this correspondent. ``It will boost large scale investment in the sector and funds can also invest in projects in suburban areas and smaller cities. Smaller projects too can also attract FDI and FDI inflows could go up three times in the next two years.’’
However, the move is not likely to have an immediate impact, Mr. Jain said, as demand was still poor and interest rates needed to moderate.
Agreeing that interest rates were high, Rohit Gera, MD, Gera Developments, felt the sector was reeling under sluggish sales and low consumer sentiment. ``While more funds into the sector will lead to more supply, unless demand picks up, the introduction of supply only leads to more pricing pressure and lower margins for investors. If we do want to see a flood of investment, it is imperative that the government simultaneously addresses the demand side of the equation as well.’’

Why Singapore is attractive start-up hub for entrepreneursEase of Doing Business
("Singapore has become a…)
Last March, just days before he was to present his company's chat messaging service to prospective investors at Singapore's Joyful Frog Digital Incubator, Gaurav Srivastava discovered that the technology they were using would soon be obsolete. His startup Scrollback had built a product which relied on Google Talk technology, which the search giant was phasing out.
"It was a major blow," said Srivastava, who had expected to reach 10,000 communities through his product. Panic stricken, the 30-year-old turned to batchmates and mentors at the four-year-old incubator, which takes in a cohort of 10-12 ventures in every batch. The mentors pulled a 72-hour-shift, helping Srivastava decide to present on the demo day.
Other startups helped them refine the presentation and the final product. Bolstered by this unusual show of support, Scrollback built an instant messaging feature, now used by 700 communities, a third of whom come from Southeast Asia. Srivastava's experience is typical of the welcome that Indian startups are receiving as they flock to Singapore. In the last two years, companies like marketing solutions provider Zipdial, cloud telephony provider Knowlarity, customer engagement company Mobikon, and data analytics company Crayon Data have set up office on the island. Others have chosen to join incubation programmes there, while some have sought funding from Singaporean firms.
Investment firm Temasek has a wide portfolio of Indian companies including Snapdeal, ACC and Godrej Agrovet; while Flipkart has been backed by sovereign wealth fund GIC.
"More Singaporeans now know what entrepreneurship is about," said Teo Ser Luck, Singapore's Minister of State for Trade and Industry and the chief mastermind behind the country's entrepreneurial vision.
"That for me is a little success to celebrate." For nine years in succession, Singapore has been ranked as the best place to do business in the world, which, combined with liberal foreign direct investment policies, has made the island nation a hotspot for emerging ventures. India's largest online retail marketplace Flipkart and mobile advertising network InMobi are both registered there.
 
"We hope that the whole system will be so conducive that Singapore will be extremely appealing for foreign startups to set up here," said Teo. For Indian entrepreneurs, starting a business in the city-state where funding and mentorship are readily available and then taking the product to a mass market like India - is proving to be an attractive option.
"It is super easy to register a business - it takes about two days, whereas it took us a couple of months to register in India," said Amit Ray, cofounder of travel startup Go!Places. "The government has made the startup process near perfect, anybody can register and it can be 100% foreigner-owned." Also a big-draw is the attractive tax regime for young companies.
"You don't have to pay tax if you make below $100,000 (Rs 48 lakh) in earnings," said Charu Mehrotra, whose data crowdsourcing startup Earngo was incubated at Singapore Management University's Institute of Innovation and Entrepreneurship. She too plans to bring the venture to India in the near future. Another Singapore company founded by an Indian, Knolskape, simulates management lessons for organisations like Schneider, Cognizant, and Microsoft.
"Singapore has become a veritable test bed for entrepreneurs especially in domains like gamification, social, and mobile," said Rajiv Jayaraman, chief executive of Knolskape. He first launched his gamification product for enterprises in Singapore and the company is now on target to reach revenue of `100 crore in the next two and a half years. Entrepreneurs are of the view that such growth is due in large part to customers being more technology savvy and demanding in the Southeast Asian markets.
 
"The users are much more evolved and the feedback is of a higher quality than in India," said Shashank ND, founder of online medical appointment scheduler Practo, who shifted base to Singapore two years ago. He believes his company's product - used by 10,000 doctors in Singapore - has seen vast improvement. "Flights between India and Singapore are the best place to meet fellow entrepreneurs," said 26-year old Shashank, who graduated from the National Institute of Technology in Suratkal and has raised funding for his startup from Sequoia Capital.
The Joyful Frog Digital Incubator receives more applications from India than anywhere else, said cofounder Hugh Mason. Out of the 50 startups JFDI has incubated, 12 are from India. But it is not all rosy in the "little red dot," as the city is affectionately known. The cost of living, high salary standards, and access to growthstage capital can be tough for certain companies. While seed money is easily available, it is the later stages that pose a challenge.

VC firm Helion Venture invests Rs 35 crore in food startupVC firm Helion Venture invests Rs 35 crore in food startup ID Fresh Foods
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.06AM IST
Tags:
Chennai
("I have been using their…)
Of the 200 million idlys that have been cooked from the 10 million kilos of batter sold this year by Bangalore-based ID Fresh Foods , a few were made in the kitchen of Rahul Chowdhri, partner at Helion Venture Partners.
"I have been using their products much before I met them," said Chowdhri, whose fund has now invested Rs 35 crore in the Bangalore based maker of idly batter, chutneys and semi-cooked parottas and chapattis. The funding is a sign of the ambition that the founders of ID — five cousin brothers — have for the company, which until 2011 was a one-city venture.
Today, the firm sells Rs 7 crore worth of preservative-free food products each month in eight cit ies, including Chennai , Hyderabad, Mumbai, Mangalore, Mysore and Dubai.
"We want to scale up to 30 cities and 30 products in the next five years and for that we wanted a partner who could support with strategic decision making, expertise and access to network, apart from funding," said Musthafa PC, who set up a smallscale idly batter production venture in 2005, when still a student at IIM-Bangalore with his cousins Abdul Nazer, Shamsudeen TK, Jafar TK and Noushad TA.
The ready-to-cook and readyto-eat packaged food category is estimated to be Rs 2,000 crore in size, according to retail advisory Technopak. "With more and more women starting to work outside the home, the potential is very large," said Saloni Nangia, president at Technopak. She said the products have to be fresh, healthy, hygienic and not too expensive.
"It needs to replace home-food, so it should be as close to home-food." This is what ID is attempting to do. "We make exactly like your mom used to make with no preservatives or additives; just that we have access to the best ingredients in the market," said Musthafa, whose idly batter retails at Rs 50 a kilo, 30% more expensive than local unbranded batter.
The company does not hold any inventory in a bid to retain freshness. An army of mobile-wielding field staff use 90 vehicles across 90 routes to cover the 6,000 stores ID supplies to every day. The staff make a daily entry of sales and damage at every store, which gets fed automatically into central servers helping the firm forecast demand.
"We manufacture overnight and supply fresh every day," said Musthafa. ID, which is targeting to be a `1,000 crore business by 2020, is now investing about Rs 2 crore in product development and is hiring food sciences experts.
The company is also preparing to tap the lucrative Indian diaspora market by starting exports in the next six months. "We want to promote Indian breakfast across the globe," said Musthafa. "But we do not want to take the credit away from the home maker."
FEATURED ARTICLES

InfraEyes uses technology that displays detected veins; attracts investorsVeinus developed by InfraEyes uses technology that displays detected veins; attracts investors' attention
By Malavika Murali , ET Bureau | 31 Oct, 2014, 04.57AM IST
Once ready, they ran a pilot with St John’s Hospital in Bangalore testing the product "Veinus" on 80 patients, including six critical cases
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
A Bangalore-based company has developed a non-invasive vein detection and location device for doctors and nurses, that is attracting the attention of investors . InfraEyes was set up in 2011 by three colleagues, who took almost three years to develop the product.
Once ready, they ran a pilot with St John's Hospital in Bangalore testing the product " Veinus " on 80 patients, including six critical cases, before launching it commercially in July. "Veinus will get it right the first time always, no matter which part of the body the vein is located in," said Priyank Saxena, CEO and co-founder of InfraEyes, who graduated from the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore.
The company has filed for a patent and bagged its first commercial order even as interest grows from doctors and distributors in Dubai and Indonesia. The device uses infrared light and is fitted with a screen that displays the detected vein.
It comes with a battery backup of around 30 minutes, sufficient for around five tube-into-vein-insertion or cannulation procedures. The three co-founders, with no medical qualification, decided to enter the highly specialised market for risky medical devices when a family member, who was undergoing chemotherapy, faced this problem.
"Yes, it is very risky if you don't have the right contacts or industry experience, to startup in this space. We welcome startups that come up with non-invasive technologies," said Vishal Bansal, CEO, Healthstart, the country's first healthcare incubator and angel investment firm, who has reviewed the InfraEyes product. Saxena, 39, said that his company has also gained attention of other venture funds that have backed medical devices startups.
"We are interested in device companies that are developing technologies based on image processing with applications in the medical domain," said Ranjith Menon, Senior vice-president of IDG Ventures India Advisors.
InfraEyes, which has priced its device at less than Rs 1 lakh, aims to earn revenue of Rs 1 crore and sell 300 devices by the middle of 2015.
"We are aware of the market size, and are not deterred by it," said Saxena.

Turning young: Dabur Chyawanprash in biscuitsYou are here: Home > Collections > Emami
Dabur Chyawanprash to be launched in biscuits and bars variants to attract young customers
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Biscuit
(abur will soon roll out Chyawanprash…)
NEW DELHI: Dabur will soon roll out Chyawanprash in biscuit and snack bar variants as part of its bid to make the 'traditional' brand appealing to young consumers and make the 130-year-old company 'future ready'.
KK Chutani, chief marketing officer and executive director for consumer care business at Dabur, said the company plans to modernise its over half-a-century-old brand Dabur Chyawanprash, along with other brands in its portfolio such as Hajmola digestive candy and Pudin Hara.
While biscuits is an over Rs 10,000-crore category with Parle and Britannia leading it, snack bars as a category has not yet picked up in the country. Dabur dominates theRs 550-crore chyawanprash category with close to 65% share followed by Emami. While the category has been growing 10%-12% a year, with its brown sticky appearance, chyawanprash has a non-contemporary feel.
Dabur and Emami have always been trying to make it more appealing to consumers. Between the two brands, some of the biggest names in the entertainment and sports world, including Shah Rukh Khan, Madhuri Dixit and MS Dhoni, have endorsed chyawanprash.
While Dixit is currently the face of Dabur Chyawanprash, the company has roped in Anil Kapoor to endorse a soon-to-be launched premium variant, which offers to boost 'stamina and vitality'. Hence the choice of roping in the 50-plus Kapoor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Titan Q2 net profit rises 28.57% to Rs 239.98 croreTitan Q2 net profit rises 28.57 per cent to Rs 239.98 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 13:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
Tata group firm Titan Company on Thursday reported 28.57 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 239.98 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the account of sharp increase in jewellery sales.
The company had reported net profit of Rs 186.65 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Titan's net sales were at Rs 3,564.67 crore during Q2, 2014-15, up 55.66 per cent as against Rs 2,290.02 crore in the year-ago period, Titan said in Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) filing.
Commenting on the results, Titan Company Managing Director Bhaskar Bhat said: "This was an extraordinary quarter for the company and we witnessed an income growth of 55 per cent on account of an encouraging performance by all divisions, especially the jewellery business where the accounts of our Golden Harvest Scheme customers had to be closed based on regulatory changes."
ALSO READ: Titan faces an uphill battle in being a premium lifestyle brand He further said: "We have also seen an improvement in consumer sentiments in the second quarter. All our brands will invest in new campaigns in this quarter to improve our connect with the consumer."
During the quarter, revenue jewellery business by whopping 64.8 per cent to Rs 2,929.38 crore while watches business grew by 20.13 per cent to Rs 527.46 crore.
Revenue from other businesses comprising of eye wear , accessories and precision engineering businesses increased by 20.93 per cent to Rs 137.9 crore.
For the half year period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 417.25 crore as against net profit of Rs 369.13 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Net sales of the company for the half year period ended September 30, rose to Rs 6,418.33 crore as compared with Rs 5,377.81 crore in same period in the previous fiscal.
Shares of Titan Company closed at Rs 420.05 a piece on Thursday, up 2.18 per cent from their previous close on the BSE.

Titan Company shares fall 7 per cent post Q2 earningsTitan Company shares fall 7 per cent post Q2 earnings
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 13:47 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Titan Company, the Tata group firm, fell as much as seven per cent on Friday in morning trade even as the company reported over 28 per cent jump in its net profit for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Marketmen attributed the fall in the counter to the earnings during the period being largely driven by jewellery business of the company due to redemption of Golden Harvest accounts of existing customers, which had to be closed due to regulatory changes.
Titan Company on Thursday reported a 28.57 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 239.98 crore for Q2 of the current 2014-15 fiscal on account of sharp increase in jewellery sales.
Reacting to the numbers, shares of the company opened on a weak note and then lost further ground to touch an intra-day low of Rs 391, registering a fall of 6.91 per cent over its previous closing price.
Similarly, on the National Stock Exchange the stocks of the Tata Group firm, after opening at Rs 409.90, fell 6.87 per cent to reach an early low of Rs 390.55.
Titan's net sales stood at Rs 3,564.67 crore during Q2 for FY15, up 55.66 per cent as against Rs 2,290.02 crore in the year-ago period, Titan said in filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"This was an extraordinary quarter for the company and we witnessed an income growth of 55 per cent on account of an encouraging performance by all divisions, especially the jewellery business where the accounts of our Golden Harvest Scheme customers had to be closed based on regulatory changes," Titan Company Managing Director Bhaskar Bhat said.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE index Sensex was trading at 27739.35 points, up 393.02 points at 12:13 pm.

Luxe Brands take legal course to curb e-sales of fakes productsAlexander McQueen
(The luxury fashion houses…)
NEW DELHI: In the nascent market for luxury goods, international brands are taking steps to protect their turf from alternative platforms, mostly online marketplaces, which offer, what they claim, are genuine bags, shoes and clothing at as much as half the price of products sold at exclusive retail stores here.
A few online portals have emerged in the recent past in India, selling products ranging from Alexander McQueen dresses to Fendi bags at"highly competitive prices" on the back of"intelligent and legal business models".
One such website, Darveys-.com, has caught the attention of brands such as Jimmy Choo, Judith Leiber and Christian Louboutin, which have initiated legal proceedings against the startup to stop it from selling their products online in India. Fashion houses are not only going after such businesses but also alleging they could be selling fakes or second-hand products.
Luxury French shoe and bag designer Christian Louboutin has filed a case against Darveys.com for"infringement of trademarks, publicity rights, passing off, unfair competition, dilution, damages, rendition of accounts and delivery up against the defendants".
Genesis Luxury, which has the exclusive rights to market Jimmy Choo shoes in India, has also taken similar action. When the Indian partner of high-end clutch brand Judith Leiber noticed that the bags were being sold on the same platform at a much lower price, it informed the parent company and took stock of the situation.
"There are a limited number of handbags produced by the brand for every single design and the headquarters keeps track of every single piece sold anywhere in the world," said Sangeeta Assomull, CEO of Marigold Group, which runs the brand in India.
She suspects that such sites are either selling fakes or second-hand products."How can they offer such huge discounts? It could even be a case of some kind of financial fraud," Assomull said.
Speaking in the defence of his"legitimate business model", Nakul Bajaj, CEO of Darveys. com, says he was able to offer products from close to 60 high-end brands on his website by creating an international marketplace.
"We have tied up with close to 300 sellers outside India who are able to supply to our consumers genuine products at a price lower by 20-50% compared to what the brands sell at the retail stores in India."
He does not have any direct tie-ups with any of the brands. In the past three months, his site has done about 600 transactions, with each purchase averaging about Rs 25,000."We have 1,000 registered users who have paid Rs 1,000 for registration," he adds.
Experts point out that India is not an exception to the emergence of alternative channels."It happens across the world. In India, because the import duties are very high, people who do not go by the rules are often at an advantage," says Yashovardhan Saboo, chief executive of Ethos, a retailer of high-end watches in India.
The luxury fashion houses and their Indian partners find it hurtful as they invest a lot in marketing and branding, while the alternative channels grow on rising consumer demand.
Darshan Mehta, CEO of Reliance Brands , says whenever the company notices or comes across any other business activity, both online and offline, it ensures it is stopped with immediate effect. c
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yup  Lindsay Lohan Commissioned A Naked Street Art PortraitLindsay Lohan Commissions Naked Street Art Portrait
Posted:
This post originally appeared on artnet News.
by Lorena Muñoz-Alonso
The Marilyn Monroe-inspired portrait of Lindsay Lohan, created by street artist Pegasus
Photo via: The Daily Mail
Lindsay Lohan commissioned a naked portrait of herself à la Marilyn Monroe to London street artist Pegasus, the Evening Standard reports.
The American actress, who is living in the British capital while she stars in the theatre production Speed-the-Plow, tapped the local street artist after seeing the portrait he had made of the petite pop-star Kylie Minogue.
Never one to believe in restraint or subtlety, Lohan commissioned the artist to paint her in the style of a 1949 naked portrait of Monroe, which became an iconic Playboy centerfold.
This is not the first time that Lohan has posed in the guise of the Hollywood legend. In 2008, New York magazine published a series of photos of Lohan taken by the photographer Bert Stern, in which they recreated Monroe's iconic “The Last Sitting" series, originally taken by Stern in 1962. And, in 2011, Lohan posed for Playboy imitating the Monroe portrait that Pegasus has now turned into a painting.
The Hollywood star clearly loves the result, and has hung the painting in her dressing room at the Playhouse Theatre, where it has become her favorite selfie backdrop.
Lindsay Lohan, taking a selfie in her dressing room, with the Pegasus portrait behind
Photo: @lindsaylohan
It was an equally rewarding project for Pegasus, who told the Evening Standard: "I love Lindsay, she is beautiful. She has had such hard times, but comes back even more beautiful. I loved painting her!"
Celebrities seem keen on immortalizing themselves for posterity in street art style. Last summer, Kanye West gave Kim Kardashian a naked portrait of her crafted by the street artist Bambi (see “Kanye West Gives Kim Kardashian Nude Portrait as Wedding Gift" ).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
artnet News is the world’s first global, 24-hour art newswire, dedicated to informing, engaging, and connecting the most avid members of the art community with daily news and expert commentary.

E-commerce is here to stay but might change form: BiyaniE-commerce is here to stay but might change form, says Kishore Biyani
Taslima Khan        Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 15:18 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani says the e-commerce sector in India is going through a euphoria but will see a correction in the next six months. "We will see some negative stories in the next few months. The euphoria will continue until they continue getting funding," Biyani said at an event hosted by consulting firm Technopak Advisors. In another 18 months, the next big idea will take over, he said.
Reacting to a question posed by Arvind Singhal, Chairman, Technopak Advisors on whether optimism and hope have run much ahead of reality, Biyani said, "India is a very interesting country. We all get baffled by numbers while the real business is very different."
Biyani said that, in the next few months, the reality will come out when one will start looking at what one is actually getting out of the business. He said that the e-commerce industry is going through a cycle and a lot of hype has been created. "You have to create excitement, hype, create stories and then achieve valuations. Right now it's their time. Later, we will see the men separated from the boys."
Biyani said, however, that e-commerce is here to stay but might change form. "Haats, mandis, exhibitions, melas, all survive, but they have changed form. This medium (e-commerce) will also stay. It will evolve, it will be funded but no one knows how it will change. India as a market will surprise us in many, many ways," he said.
Biyani was bullish on some product categories continuing to do well online - mobile phones, watches, accessories, footwear, books and appliances.
On the Future Group's preparedness on the e-commerce front, Biyani said, "I believe we have to be ready for any type of shopping. We are thinking on an omni-channel strategy. We are re-modelling our stores to do deliveries from the stores itself. We have begun working on 17,000 pin codes to start with. Omni-channel retail will be much cheaper than pure online play. That is why it has worked worldwide."
Reacting to the discounting strategy followed by online retailers, Biyani said, "It is to be seen whether they will still be able to sell without giving discounts."

Samsung unveils Galaxy A5 and Galaxy A3 smartphonesThe Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date.
By: Reuters | Seoul | Posted: October 31, 2014 2:54 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 3:00 pm
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled two new mid-tier handsets with a premium design as it prepared to deliver a riposte to its low-priced Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world’s biggest smartphone market.
The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung’s first devices to feature fully metal bodies and its thinnest smartphones to date. In size, they are comparable to those of the top-of-the-line Galaxy S5, though of lesser screen resolution quality.
Samsung said on Friday that it will start selling the Galaxy A3 and A5 in China sometime in November. It classified them as mid-tier, and said they will be launched in other “select markets”, without disclosing the pricing.
The announcement, combined with hopes for an earnings recovery and bigger dividends, pushed Samsung’s shares to a two-month high in Seoul in midday trade on Friday.
The news comes a day after Samsung reported its worst quarterly operating profit in more than three years. Earnings from its handset division slumped 73.9 percent from a year earlier.
The company said its responses to “rapid shifts in the competitive landscape” were not quick enough. It vowed to revamp its offerings.
“For our mid to low-end smartphones we will enhance product competitiveness by differentiating our displays and materials as well as upgrading camera functionality,” Senior Vice President Kim Hyun-joon told analysts on Thursday.
The world’s smartphone leader is regrouping as it lost market share in annual terms for the third straight quarter in July-September, according to Strategy Analytics.
It has been beaten by Apple Inc’s iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Inc at the bottom end.
Samsung will likely accept lower margins going forward to preserve market share and growth volume, analysts said. But most do not expect a firm recovery until mid-2015 at the earliest.
“A lineup change is a costly process, just like re-doing your home interior design,” said KTB Investment analyst Jin Sung-hye.
Galaxy A5 specs:

Himalayan Viagra fuels gold rush in local TibetansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections open filmi formula debateShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections open filmi formula debate
Priyanka Sinha Jha | Mumbai | Updated:  Nov 03 2014, 07:35  IST
Nov 03 2014, 07:35  IST
 

Cos go innovative with staff referral; offers rewardsYou are here: Home > Collections
Industry goes innovative with staff referral plans; offers attractive rewards
Devina Sengupta & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 01.52PM IST
Tags:
hire
(Employers are ready to dole…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: Get your friend as coworker and take your Harley-Davidson. Companies, from startups to old brick-andmortar giants, are going innovative on rewarding staff who bring potential employees from their networks. Cash rewards are still around but out of fashion, and iPads and iPhones are among the most common prizes. Internet product company Directi is urgently looking for mobile app developers for its new communication business and wants to hire 20 senior developers in two months. It launched an employee referral programme this August and the prizes include a Harley-Davidson bike and Volkswagen Polo car. Previously, it had given away iPads, and that had proved to be immensely successful in filling up urgent vacancies.
SmartPlay, a technology service provider, is offering European holidays along with several other rewards to employees who help recruit fresh staff. Rewards become bigger and novel when the demand is in niche areas.
Employee referral is increasingly becoming an effective recruitment tool. Employers are ready to dole out big rewards to staff who help recruit the right talent because the candidates they bring make the cut more often than those who come through recruitment firms.
The chances of such candidates falling prey to counter offers are found to be lower too, as often the existing staff become brand ambassadors for the company to persuade them to get on board. With the economy now looking set to make a turnaround, the battle for talent has become intense. Many companies, especially in the technology and emerging sectors, are looking to recruit experienced employees in droves, and fast.
Many are turning to their own employees for help."We got 75 resumes in one month and, despite being a regular at top tech colleges, this was the best way to get employees with experience," said Ameya Ayachit, senior manager for talent acquisition at Directi India, which develops mass-market Web products.
The Mumbai-based firm also launched an external referral programme, wherein a candidate seeking a job with the company can refer friends and if those people get selected, then the candidate would get half the monthly salary of the selected employee as an incentive. And, the candidate himself doesn't have to pass the interview to claim this incentive.
"We realised that those who reach the last stages, will have peer group with similar skillset and that is our target lot," Ayachit said. Employee referrals, say companies, have a 50-60% conversion rate, and the chances of retention are higher than those employed via recruitment portals or agencies. Besides, can save on cost, while also rewarding existing staff.
Startups are at the forefront with employee referral programmes, with attractive incentives to net the young workforce. Last week, Bangalore-based taxi aggregator Ola Cabs announced it would give away the newly launched iPhone 6 and paid international holidays for those who refer mid- to senior-level candidates. The company also gives out cash payouts and Ola Money credits which give them free cab rides. Rival Taxi For Sure, launched an employee referral programme for the first time officially this May, offering cash.
It plans to also give away iPhones, gadgets and two-way air fare for domestic holidays starting next month. In fact, some of the startups, which have re- alised the necessity of employee referrals, are making their programmes more attractive. And they include SmartPlay, the company that is offering European holidays. Its fovourite reward for the past four years was iPads.
 
From now on, it would also give away digital SLR cameras, along with smartphones. "It is a task to get engineering and computer science candidates with niche skills in the semiconductor space," said Vice President Vijay Mohan. Last year, it offered trips to Mauritius, and now plans to roll out European holidays that will likely get more traction, Mohan said.
His target is to take referral hires to 50% next year from 35% now. Business and technology service provider Sapient Global Markets introduced Harley-Davidson as its"bumper" prize five weeks ago."It is a competitive market and we need to sell the profile and create internal buzz. Around 25% of our hires are via employee referrals and with these incentives, resume inflow doubles up," said Director, Capacity, Rishi Bhatnagar.
"We plan to make 50% of our hires via this route next year." The offers often become innovative when the demand is for talent that isn't easily available. Last year Sapient Nitro rolled out a referral scheme where above a certain number of hires, the company would take care part of marital expenses of the staff who bring new employees, and education loans, as well as pay a percentage of down payment on car and home loan. Some of the referral schemes are rolled out to meet gender diversity and increase headcount in newer cities.

Gold cracks by Rs 600 to 26 500 per 10 gramsThe greenback got a boost from strong US gross domestic product data and the Bank of Japan's surprise move to expand its monetary easing. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Gold and silver slumped to their lowest since 2010 on Friday, as robust US economic data and a stronger dollar pressured prices, with stop-loss orders accelerating the metals' decline.
Gold and silver were hit hard after the dollar rose to a near four-week high against a basket of major currencies on Friday. The greenback got a boost from strong US gross domestic product data and the Bank of Japan's surprise move to expand its massive monetary easing that weakened the yen.
The metals were already facing some heat after the US Federal Reserve earlier in the week largely dismissed financial market volatility, a slowdown in Europe and a weak inflation outlook as factors that might undercut progress towards its unemployment and inflation goals.
The hawkish comments and the strong economic data dulled gold's appeal as a hedge.
Spot gold slid over 2 per cent to $1,168.66 an ounce - its lowest since July 2010. The metal's losses accelerated after the BOJ announcement sent the dollar index soaring to fresh session highs. US gold futures also tumbled.
There were big stop loss orders below $1,180.50 an ounce - the triple bottom for gold, said a Hong Kong-based precious metals trader . That combined with the strong movement in the dollar against the yen sent gold lower, he said.
The metal is on track for a 4.7 per cent drop this week, the biggest decline since June 2013. It is also headed for a second straight monthly drop.
"We hold a bearish view on gold, considering a recovering US economy and expectations of higher rates," said Chen Min , a precious metals analyst at Jinrui Futures in Shenzhen . "In the long term, we believe gold is likely to break closer to $1,000."
Silver fell nearly 3 per cent to $15.94 on Friday - its lowest since February 2010. It was poised for a fourth monthly drop in a row.
Reflecting bearish sentiment, SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings fell 0.16 per cent to 741.20 tonnes on Thursday, a six-year low.
NO SUPPORT FROM PHYSICAL MARKETS
Gold failed to get any support from the Asian physical markets, a factor that could likely push it to further lows. Physical demand usually provides a floor to dropping prices.
Buyers in top consumer China failed to emerge despite the drop below $1,200.
Premiums on the Shanghai Gold Exchange - the main platform for physical trades in the country - slipped on Friday to less than $1 an ounce, occasionally dropping to a discount against the global benchmark.
Premiums ranged between $1 and $2 on Thursday. The lower premiums underscore the soft appetite for gold in China after record consumption last year.
China's gold consumption tumbled 21.4 per cent year-on-year in the first nine months of the year to 754.8 tonnes, the China Gold Association said in the statement on Friday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

NTPC Posts 17% Decline in Q2 Profit at Rs. 2 072 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
NTPC Q2 Profit Down 17 Per Cent at Rs 2,072 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 15:55 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
New Delhi: NTPC Ltd, India's largest thermal power producer, reported a nearly 17 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 2,071.63 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014, pulled down by changes in tariff regulations.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 2,492.90 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
The decline in profit after tax was mainly on account of changes in Tariff Regulations, 2014, the company said in an official statement.
In July, electricity regulator Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) rejected NTPC's petition seeking changes in the tariff norms from 2014-19.
NTPC had said that its generation incentives should be linked to the actual power produced instead of the supply.
In its order dated June 30, the electricity regulator said the risks associated with the business of electricity generation had been taken care of in the 2014 tariff regulations.
The state-run firm's total income from operations increased to Rs 16,736.63 crore from Rs 16,448.90 crore in the same period last fiscal year.
Fuel cost on year-on-year basis rose to Rs 11,439.33 crore from Rs 10,139.25 crore whereas the company's other income fell to Rs 530.69 crore from Rs 627.19 crore in the corresponding period.
In September, NTPC signed an initial agreement with the Andhra Pradesh government to develop 1,000 MW solar power projects at suitable sites in a phased manner. The projects will be implemented on Build-Own-Operate basis in the state.
For the second quarter of fiscal year 2014-15, gross generation was 55.421 billion units (BUs) as against 54.519 BUs in corresponding quarter of the previous year.
During the first six months of the current fiscal year (April-September), the company's gross power generation grew to 118.554 BUs from 111.524 BUs for the corresponding period in previous year.
Shares in NTPC, on Friday, ended at Rs 149.95 apiece on the BSE, up 1.90 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 15:30 (IST)

Lenovo becomes third largest smartphone maker in IndiaLenovo becomes third largest smartphone maker inb India after Motorola acquisition
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.59AM IST
Tags:
IDC
(China’s Lenovo completed…)
NEW DELHI: China's Lenovo completed its $2.9-billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility on Thursday, making the Lenovo-Motorola combine the third largest smartphone entity in India, one of the fastest growing smartphone markets in the world.
"Motorola and Lenovo together would be No. 3 in the market (India) which would be the case in many markets that both brands operate,"spokespeople from both companies said in a conference late Thursday evening. Lenovo and Motorola together form the third largest smartphone player worldwide, according to data from research firm IDC pushing rival Xiaomi from the No. 3 position down to No 4.
IDC worldwide smartphone data showed Samsung leading with 23.8%, followed by Apple with 12%, Xiaomi with 5.3% and Lenovo following closely with 5.2%, and LG at No. 5 with 5.1%."Lenovo has a very good smartphone business in India through the offline channel. Motorola is present only on line. It's a good combination,"Liu Jun, Lenovo executive vice president and president of Lenovo's Mobile Business Group said.
"Lenovo will continue with the same market plan in India, which is an important target market,"he added. In India, Motorola is the fifth largest smartphone maker in India with 5% share of the segment as of June data from research firm IDC. Since its resurrection early this year, Motorola has sold more than two million smartphones, including the Moto G, Moto X and Moto E, at competitive prices.
The brand trails the trio of home-bred handset makers — Lava, Karbonn and Micromax — in that order with Samsung leading the country with a 29% share. Having closed the deal, Motorola and Lenovo will continue to remain separate entities.
The Motorola-Lenovo combine intends to sell about 100 million smartphones and tablets globally by the end of March next year, while Lenovo aims to bring Motorola back to profitability within four to six quarters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UCO Bank Sends Notices to Kingfisher AirlinesAstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
Kolkata: City-based UCO Bank has shot off notices to Vijay Mallya-owned Kingfisher Airlines and United Beverages after identifying the two firms as "willful defaulters".
"We have sent notices to the defunct carrier Kingfisher Airlines and United Beverages, which had given a corporate guarantee to the bank for availing of the loan", a source in UCO Bank told PTI.
The source said the letter sought to explain the reasons behind identifying the two firms as "willful defaulters", adding that time had been given to them for responding on why they should not be declared as willful defaulters as per Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines.
The notices had been sent to the companies' corporate offices in Bangalore.
He said that Kingfisher Airliners had availed a loan amount of Rs 300 crore as working capital from the lender but had defaulted in making the repayments.
The interest accrued on the loan would be to the tune of Rs 100 crore, the source said.
While another city-based United Bank of India had declared Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulter, two other banks, State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank, were also pursuing on those lines.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 16:48 (IST)

Ban RSS   BJP dares Mulayam man Azam KhanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

2G scam: A Raja  others charged with money laundering2G spectrum scam: A Raja, others charged with money laundering; trial from Nov 11
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 20:41 IST
Former telecom minister A Raja
The special court hearing the 2G spectrum allocation case has framed charges of money laundering against former telecom minister A. Raja, his party colleague and DMK MP Kanimozhi and others, and fixed Nov 11 for the commencement of the trial.
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Special Judge OP Saini framed the charges Friday. The accused have been booked under various sections dealing with the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002.
"I find that there is enough material on record to make out or to presume a prima facie case against each of the accused for committing an offence of money laundering," the court said, going by the charge sheet filed by the Enforcement Directorate.
The charges are defined under Section 3 (Offence of Money Laundering) and punishable under Section 4 (Punishment of Money Laundering) of the Act, the court said.
The court will also record witness statements as the accused pleaded not guilty and claimed trial.
Others charged include Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka of Swan telecom, Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables, film producer Karim Morani, DMK chief M. Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal and Kalaignar TV's Sharad Kumar and P. Amirthan.
These companies, as also Cineyug Media and Entertainment, Kalaignar TV, Dynamix Realty, Eversmile Construction, Conwood Construction and Developers, DB Realty and Nihar Construction were also booked.
The directorate said it came to light that Rs 200 crore was paid by the promoters of Swan Telecom, using their group firm Dynamix Realty, to Kalaignar TV via Kusegaon and Cineyug in the garb of a legitimate financial transaction.
The accused tried to pass off the payment as a loan/share application money, it said.
The payment, the charge sheet said, was illegal gratification for, and on behalf of, Raja and his associates in lieu of illegal favours for Swan Telecom for the grant of telecom licence, the Enforcement Directorate contended.
The judge said the role of each accused had been narrated in the complaint, adding that there were factual and credible allegations against each of the accused.
"A complaint is like a plaint. Its contents are required to be proved by the complainant in the witness box," the court said.
"These allegations do not require the support of earlier statements like a police charge sheet, which is, by and large, supported by statements," the court said. "There are some statements as well as documents on the record in support of the allegations."

Fanboy comes to townUpdated: November 1, 2014 08:26 IST
Fanboy comes to town
PTI Bollywood actor Farhan Akhtar
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
He may have cast him in his directorial venture but Farhan Akhtar is still in awe of the actor in Amitabh Bachchan
Since a teenager he has been hooked to Amitabh Bachchan’s craft and charisma, even making the versatile actor play an army man in his second directorial venture Lakshya. And now director-turned-actor Farhan Akhtar is acting opposite Big B in Bejoy Nambiar’s much talked about film Wazir. The senior actor’s remarkable professionalism and unbelievable dedication has left him awestruck. The way Farhan sing hosannas about the superstar make him sound more like an eager fan than a professional film director.
“I have admired Amitabh Bachchan all my life. He is truly special and his iconic characters down the years have gone into my sub conscious. What I really admire about him is that despite close to 50 years in this profession he continues to work with the same enthusiasm. He continues to have the same positive attitude and enthusiasm towards his job when probably he started his career. If I am still in the film industry for the same number of years then I would like to have the same enthusiasm as Mr. Bachchan,” says Farhan, playing an ATS cop.
Direction has taken a backseat and Farhan, whose Dil Chahta Hai was a big hit, but he doesn’t mind being circumscribed with the limitation of an actor. “If the roles excite the actor in me then certainly I go ahead.”
Working with elder sister Zoya Akhtar, under whose directorial vision he put on the greasepaint in Luck by Chance and then Zindagi Na Mile Dobara, gives him a certain comfort level.
“With Zoya I am in a comfort zone. This comes naturally as we have always been close as siblings. Zoya has a style of writing and creating scenes. I truly enjoy the way she culls out characters and portrays them on the screen,” says Farhan.
Creative differences crop up now and then but they “don’t fight over them”.
“There are certain nuances, questions marks which need clarification. I have to be clear what she wants to portray. But this happens in all films; you don’t see actors arriving on the sets and just doing their job. Discussing their characters before enacting their roles is always there.”
Prod him to shed light on his character in Dil Dharakne Do, Farhan says in a good humoured way that his sister has put a “gag order”. “This is our third film together and the shooting is complete,” is all he says.
Sporting a trendy copper orange shirt, Farhan was in the Capital as brand ambassador of Dulux. But what about the colours in his life? “Rangeela colour pasand hai. As far as how rangeela my life is you know what I do everyday.” On a serious note, the actor says: “My first road trip to meeting my wife to having my children and making my first film.” His 14 years of marriage have been “as great as it was when it started. You learn more and the amazing thing about long relationship is to know so much about your partner.”

Sensex up 519 pts to new closing peak of 27 865For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Saved by a phone call: the mystery of Anderson s escapeComments
Bhopal’s residents remembered former Union Carbide chief Warren Anderson , who died in Florida last month, as the man who escaped punishment for a 1984 poisonous gas leak that killed thousands, thanks to a phone call that secured his safe passage to the US.
Warren Anderson died at the age of 92. His death was not announced by his family.
Anderson was under house arrest when the call was made that gave him safe passage. Activists blamed the government for failing to secure extradition for the man responsible for the death of around 15,000 people, besides the many thousands who were maimed in one of the world’s worst industrial disasters.
“The very fact that we came to know about Anderson’s death one month after he actually died shows the seriousness of our intelligence agencies and the CBI towards his extradition,” said Abdul Jabbar, who works with the victims of the tragedy.
What also remains a mystery, 30 years after the tragedy, is who made the all-important call to the then Madhya Pradesh chief minister Arjun Singh directing him to let Anderson go, a decision that effectively ensured the Union Carbide chairman never had to face an Indian court for as long as he lived.
Singh, the only person who could have given an answer, passed away in 2011 after prolonged illness. In his autobiography, ‘A Grain of Sand in the Hourglass of Time’, he named Union home secretary RD Pradhan, who, he said, called him “on the instructions of the then Union home minister PV Narasimha Rao”.  
But Pradhan denied the allegation, saying that he was chief secretary of Maharashtra at that time and became home secretary in January 1985, a month after the tragedy.
Madhya Pradesh police arrested Anderson as soon as he landed in Bhopal on December 7, 1984, four days after the disaster, and whisked him away from the airport to the Carbide guest-house where he was kept under house arrest.
Read: Gas tragedy villain Anderson dead, Bhopal celebrates
“The government has done its duty to thousands of citizens whose lives have been devastated by the criminal negligence of Union Carbide,” the state government declared.
The corporate world, from the Danbury headquarters of Union Carbide to Delhi, was shocked. Anderson had travelled to India after receiving assurances of safe passage.
Singh was at an election rally in interior Madhya Pradesh, when he received the call and immediately asked his officials to release the American.
Three hours later, Anderson was released on a personal bond of Rs. 25,000, put on a state government plane and flown to New Delhi.
Read: Gas survivors distribute sweets on Anderson's death
“Normally a person is detained in a police station for interrogation but Anderson was kept in the plush guest house of his own company and later was flown back to Delhi. The superintendent of police and district collector escorted him to the airport,” said journalist Lalit Shastri, who reported on the incident.
In his bond, Anderson promised to return to India to stand trial in the case whenever summoned. He never did.
Senior journalist Rajkumar Keswani, who had written on the lurking danger much before the tragedy occurred, told HT that as a loyalist of the Gandhi family, Arjun Singh may have not been frank about who called him.

Amitabh Bachchan goes the whole hog for  PikuE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cairn starts work to ramp up output from oil fieldCairn India starts work to ramp up output from oil field
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 11:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
Cairn India on Friday said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
"Cairn today initiated polymer injection at the Mangala field. Mangala enhanced oil recovery (EOR) project, which is amongst the largest polymer flood EOR programmes in the world, commenced well ahead of the guidance provided," the company said in a statement here.
The polymer injection activity would gradually be ramped up.
The Mangala polymer flood enhanced oil recovery (EOR) programme has a capex of about  $ 600 million. About 100 additional wells have been planned for the project.
The EOR has potential to raise output from the Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya - the largest of the 36 discoveries in the Rajasthan block , by 10 to 15 per cent.
Polymer flood is a proven technology that has been successfully used by the Chinese. Daqing Oil in China which has similar oil as in Rajasthan, has been successfully implementing polymer flood.
ONGC has implemented polymer flood in a couple of fields in Gujarat. However, the Mangala Polymer flood EOR project is of a much larger scale.
"Cairn India had recognised the potential for chemical EOR at an early stage of development in its Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya (MBA) fields," the statement said.
The reservoir quality, oil properties and ambient temperature make MBA fields ideal for the application of chemical flooding EOR methods such as polymer or alkaline surfactant polymer (ASP) flooding.
The chemical EOR programme has a potential to enhance recoveries from the Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya fields by around 300 million barrels, it said.
Sudhir Mathur, CFO, Cairn India said: "Injecting the polymer at our world class polymer flood EOR project, ahead of schedule is a testament to our execution skills and team work.
This will enable us to further unlock the potential of the prolific Rajasthan block and help contribute significantly towards the nation's energy security."

Sardar Patel s school renovated into memorial  opens todayPrint
Written by Kumar Anand | Karamsad (anand) | Posted: October 31, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 8:56 pm
After nearly 50 years, the primary school at Karamsad in Anand district where Sardar Patel studied from Class I to Class VI has been restored with parts of the building converted into anganwadi, skill development centre for women and a memorial showcasing rare photographs of Sardar Patel, several of which have been sourced from Sardar’s family. A good part of the  money for the renovation has come from the MPLAD fund of union minister for Human Resource Development Smriti Irani who is a Rajya Sabha MP from Anand.
The trust-run school had closed down in 1965 after a new primary school was constructed in the vicinity. The school since then lay neglected, and had turned into a dumpyard with overgrown weeds covering the building. The school was under the care of Sardar Patel Trust—managed by Patel’s family members—but the trust could not renovate the building for want of fund and had been approaching the state government for help.
The trust was given care of the school by the then Keshubhai Patel government in 1998, and was even granted some fund that apparently fell short of the required amount. Subsequent governments could turned down the demand for fund by the trust. It was only a year ago, after the then Gujarat CM Narendra Modi took forward his pet project, the Rs 2,600-crore Statue of Unity at Kevadia Colony in Narmada district, in earnest, that the school was again brought to the notice of the state government who asked the trust to hand it over to the Karamsad municipality for further development.
“Until a year ago, virtually nobody was interested in renovating the building which was in a very bad shape. There was shortage of fund for the project and the government was also not much interested. When the trust handed over the school to the municipality a year ago that we took up the matter on a priority basis, with the aim of reviving it by October 31, Patel’s birth anniversary,” said president of Karamsad nagarpalika, Nilesh Patel.
The renovation began around six months back and Rs 95 lakh was spent on it, with the state government offering Rs 25 lakh while a large chunk of Rs 40 lakh coming from the local area development (MPLAD) grant of HRD minister Smriti Irani. Remaining Rs 30 lakh was contributed by the industrial units situated at the nearby GIDC.
The new building with tiled roof replicates the design of the school that Patel attended between 1882 and 1888, its model based on an old photograph that the Karamsad nagarpalika sourced from Patel’s family. Apart from chambers converted into museum displaying around sixty photographs of Patel depicting him as a 17-year-old college going youth and a dapper young man pursuing law at a college in the UK, as well as his different moods during his involvements in India’s freedom struggle, the building also has a two rooms that have been earmarked for a library being developed for senior citizens.

 BoJ Shocks Markets With Easing as Inflation SlowsYou are here: Home Economy
BOJ Shocks Markets With Surprise Easing as Inflation Slows
Reuters | Updated On: October 31, 2014 11:49 (IST)
Bank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
Tokyo:
The Bank of Japan surprised global financial markets on Friday by expanding its massive monetary easing as economic growth and inflation have not picked up as expected after a sales tax hike in April.
The jolt from the BOJ, which had been expected to maintain its level of asset purchases, came as the government signalled its readiness to ramp up spending to boost the economy and as the government pension fund, the world's largest, was set to increase purchases of domestic and foreign stocks.
After a tight 5-4 vote by its board members, the BOJ said it would accelerate purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of 80 trillion yen ($723.4 billion), up by 30 trillion yen.
The central bank will also triple its purchases of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and real-estate investment trusts (REITs) and buy longer-dated debt.
"Japan's economy continues to recover moderately as a trend and its expected to keep growing above its potential," the central bank said. "But weak domestic demand after the sales tax hike and sharp falls in oil prices are weighing on prices."
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda, who is to hold a news conference at 3:30 p.m. (0630 GMT), had been relentlessly optimistic about the prospects for economic recovery and for ending 15 years of deflation.
The benchmark Nikkei stock index spiked to a 7-year high on the BOJ bombshell. It was up 4.7 per cent in late trade, building on early gains from the news of the asset-allocation changes by the Government Pension Investment Fund.
The yen tumbled, with the dollar climbing to 110.68 yen, its highest since 2008, from 109.34 before the announcement.
"It's easy money, so financials, banks and securities, and real estate stocks stand to benefit further." said Masayuki Doshida, senior market analyst at Rakuten Securities.
"Markets were worried about the state of the Japanese economy, especially with the next sales tax rise (planned for late 2015) on the horizon."
Data earlier on Friday showed Japan's inflation slowed for a second straight month in September and is just half the BOJ's target of 2 per cent, while job growth showed signs of peaking, in a reminder of the challenges the central bank faces in its quest to pull the economy out of nearly two decades of deflation.
Stripping out the effects of April's sales tax hike to 8 per cent from 5 per cent, annual core consumer inflation was 1 percent, data showed, casting further doubt on the BOJ's argument that its 2 per cent inflation target will be met sometime next year.
On the fiscal front, Economy Minister Akira Amari said, "Our cabinet's stance is to make full efforts as needed" to support the economy, he told a regular news conference, when asked about the chance of compiling a fiscal stimulus package.
Underscoring the stark reality, household spending fell for a six straight month in September from a year earlier, while the job-availability rate eased from its 22-year high in August.
A Japanese government panel overseeing the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) approved plans for the fund to raise its holding of domestic stocks to 25 per cent of its portfolio from a current 12 per cent, sources said on Friday.
The $1.2-trillion Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF)is under pressure from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to shift funds towards riskier, higher-yielding investments to support the fast-ageing population, and away from low-yielding Japanese government bonds.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Pfizer Gets Bombay High Court Nod for Merger of WyethYou are here: Home Corporates
Pfizer Gets Bombay High Court Nod for Merger of Wyeth
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 21:40 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
New Delhi: Drug firm Pfizer Inc on Friday said the Bombay High Court has approved the amalgamation of Wyeth Ltd with the company.
"The Hon'ble High Court of Judicature at Bombay on October 31, 2014 considered and approved the amalgamation of Wyeth Ltd with the company," Pfizer said in a filing to the BSE.
In November last year, Pfizer and Wyeth had said they will merge their India operations under a single brand as part of efforts to boost business.
The operations would be unified under 'Pfizer brand', they had said.
In October 2009, Wyeth USA merged with Wagner Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pfizer Inc, and consequent to this merger, Wyeth Ltd became a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc in India.
Shares in Pfizer, on Friday, ended at Rs 1,637.40 apiece on the BSE, up 2.24 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 17:11 (IST)

Power situation remains grim as demand outstrips supplyPower situation remains grim as demand outstrips supply
GK Nair
A view of the Cheruthoni dam in Idukki. The current storage levels in the State reservoirs are at the 10-year average level. H VIBHU
KSEB faces shortage of 1.5 million units daily
Kochi, October 31:  
Increasing demand for power without a corresponding growth in generation is likely to perpetuate the grim scenario prevailing in the power sector in the State.
The current storage levels in the reservoirs are at the 10-year average level, senior KSEB sources said. The annual requirement two years ago used to be between 17,400–17,500 million units, while it is over 20,000 million units now. Even full reservoir capacity is not enough to meet the growing demand, they said.
Supply from the Central grid has been reduced to around 23 million units daily as against over 25 million units following shutdown of three units in Neyveli power plant.
Koodankulam snag
Meanwhile, a snag at the Koodamkulam plant has stopped the supply of 130 MW from there. The plant is expected to resume supply only in January, they said.
“We have an agreement to purchase 300 MW of power (10 million units daily) from Karnataka but we are not in a position to lift it for want of transmission lines,” an official said.
Laying of transmission lines was stopped because of objection from farmers in the Coorg region.
Absence of transmission corridor has also become a major hurdle, the sources said. The inter-State lines to evacuate power from other States are needed at the peak demand period. The peak demand is about 3,000 MW, but the capacity of inter-State feeder lines is only 1,000 MW, they added.
Pact flouted
Violation of purchase agreement by a private supplier in Chhattisgarh has also deprived the State of 100 MW of power. The issue is still with the CERC, they said.
According to the officials, there is a discrepancy of 1.5 million units daily.
The current daily demand of 60 millions units is met by generating 24 mus from the hydel projects ; 23 mus from the central grid, purchase of 3.7 mus from the NTPC Kayamkulam thermal plat at around Rs13 a unit; 2.5 mus from north India (temporary share) and purchase of some share from the open market.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis promises transparent governmentSee Highlights
“The state government’s financial condition is not that good. If all the assurances given by the erstwhile (Congress-NCP) government are to be implemented, the government would have to spend Rs 52,000 crore,” Fadnavis said.
The Chief Minister said the decisions taken by the previous Congress-NCP government just before the model code of conduct for election kicked in will be reviewed.
“It will take time to bring the administration back on the track but we will do it. We will bring Maharashtra to the number one position,” he said.
Asked about the possibility of Shiv Sena joining the new government, Fadnavis said,” There was a positive talk between Amit Shah and Uddhav Thckeray today.”
On the presence of godmen at the swearing-in ceremony, Fadnavis said, “They belonged to all religions. There is a thin line between belief and superstition. We are against superstition.”
He also assured to look into the grievances of the media, particularly incidents of attack on journalists, and said there will be a regular media briefing after state cabinet meetings, a practice discontinued during the tenure of Vilasrao Deshmukh as Chief Minister.
“People expect the government to be both transparent and efficient,” Fadnavis said, explaining the need for right to service legislation, and added that it would be tabled in the Budget session of the Assembly at Nagpur next year.
The Chief Minister said the state’s finances were not in a good shape and he would need time to restore the financial health.
When asked if a white paper on the economy would be published, as he had demanded as an opposition leader, Fadnavis said discussions about this were underway.
He said that he could make mistakes, but added, “I will ensure that there will be no malafide intentions”.
On a question about demand of statehood for Vidarbha, Fadnavis, once a strong votary of a separate state, said his priority now was to remove the imbalance in development.
“My aim will be to restore number one position of Maharashtra,” he said.
Justifying today’s lavish swearing-in ceremony, the new Chief Minister said there was a change of guard in the state after 15 years, and “naturally, many people from various parts of the state wanted to attend it”.
When asked about the call for austerity given by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Fadnavis said his government’s actions would show commitment to austerity.
About various scams, for which he had targeted the Congress-NCP government from the opposition benches, Fadnavis said action would be taken wherever necessary.
The Chief Minister said though he had addressed many a press conferences as an opposition leader, “for the first time he was feeling nervous because of the change of role”.
“There is an immense burden of expectations. However, more than burden…I will say I am aware of the huge responsibility and will try my best to fulfil it,” he said.
The allocation of portfolios of the ministers who took the oath with him today would be done tomorrow, he said.

Congress decision to break alliance unfortunate  says SorenPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Dumka (jharkhand) | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:43 pm
On Friday Chief Minister Hemant Soren termed as “unfortunate” Congress’ decision to break alliance with JMM and asked BJP not to be in “illusion” of repeating Maharashtra and Haryana-like performances in Jharkhand.
“Despite being in the ruling coalition for 14 months, some ambitious leaders are allowing BJP a ‘bypass (route)’ in the ensuing assembly elections,” Soren said without taking name of Congress, hours after Congress announced break-up of ties with the JMM.
“But JMM will not allow BJP to come to power. We will contest all the 81 seats on our own and form a majority government after the polls,” Soren claimed.
Terming as “illusion” the BJP’s claim of repeating Maharashtra and Haryana-like performances, Soren alleged that the BJP had “looted” the state and responsible for political instability in its nearly nine years rule.
Blaming Congress for imposing President’s rule thrice in the state, he said, “What our government did in the past 14 months no other government has done. We have raised the performance bar and development will be visible within the next five years.”
Highlighting his achievement during the short stint in power, Soren said his government took initiatives to address all sections of the society, adding the government had sanctioned road projects worth Rs 5000 crore.
JMM has been heading the coalition with the support of Congress, RJD and other parties/independent MLAs.

Mums the word for Instant Messaging appsMum’s the word for Instant Messaging apps
Our Bureau
Hike, BBM and Line find new ways to keep messages private, secret
New Delhi, October 31:  
BlackBerry Ltd on Friday announced significant changes to its instant messaging platform BBM that will allow users to set a timer for how long messages and pictures they share with contacts can be viewed within BBM.
Once the timer has expired the message is no longer visible. The user also receives a notification if BBM detects that the recipient has taken a screenshot of the image or message. The move from BlackBerry is an indication of a new trend that’s becoming popular among instant messaging users — the need to keep certain messages secret.
Other instant messaging platforms are also moving in that direction.
For example, Hike, the instant messaging service launched by Bharti and SoftBank, recently launched a feature that allows one-to-one chats in “hidden” mode. This means that even though you may be chatting with your girlfriend online, others will see you as being ‘offline’.
Other players like Line have also announced similar capabilities.
The application also allows users to keep certain phone numbers in their contact list concealed through a password protected feature. This feature has made Hike very popular with the youth who may find it useful to hide things from their parents.
Similarly, another app called Snapchat allows users to send photos and videos to contacts that disappear after they are viewed. BlackBerry has gone a step ahead and has launched a feature that allows users to retract their message and remove it from their BBM chat before it has been read by the recipient or after it has been read so that it is no longer visible within the BBM chat.
John Sims, President, Global Enterprise Services, at BlackBerry, said: “These capabilities will allow our users to be more creative in how they deliver their messages while also being confident that their content is kept private and seen only by its intended recipient.”
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Number of billionaires has doubled since the 2008 financial crisis: Oxfam reportA nominal tax of 1.5% on the super rich could have saved lives of 23 m people
New Delhi, October 31:  
A tax of just 1.5 per cent on the rising number of billionaires since the 2008 financial crisis could have saved the lives of 23 million poor people, says a new report on growing inequalities in the world.
Since the 2008 financial crisis, the number of billionaires has more than doubled, swelling to 1,645 people, said the report, ‘Even it Up: Time to End Extreme Inequality’, released by non-profit Oxfam here on Friday.
It said extreme wealth was not restricted to rich countries. The world’s richest man is telecom tycoon Carlos Slim of Mexico. “Today there are 16 billionaires in Sub-Saharan Africa, alongside 358 million people living in extreme poverty,” it added.
In India, the number of billionaires rose from two in the 1990s to 65 in 2014, and the net worth of these super rich people is enough to eliminate absolute poverty in the country, twice over, said Nisha Agrawal, CEO, Oxfam India
She said over half of the foreign direct investment into India was being channelled through tax havens, and the Government spends almost twice as much on its military as on health. Money that can be invested to tackle inequality is diverted by tax breaks and public-private partnerships, the reports said, adding “Global corporations and the wealthiest people must pay their fair share to Governments, so that countries can tackle inequality and build fairer societies.”
Noting that income from work determined most people’s economic status, the report said “Since 1990, income from labour has made up a declining share in GDP across low, middle and high-income countries alike. Around the world, ordinary workers are taking home and ever-dwindling slice of the pie, while those at the top take more and more.”
Oxfam research found evidence of poverty wages and job insecurity in middle-income countries, such as India, Kenya and Vietnam, while countries, such as Brazil, had bucked the trend. One reason for growing inequalities is the “capture of power and politics by the elite”. “Money buys political clout, which the richest and the most powerful use” to curry government favours, such as tax exemptions, sweetheart contracts, land concessions and subsidies, it said, citing the example of Slim, who made his billions by securing exclusive rights over Mexico’s telecom sector when it was privatised in the 1990s.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Rajiv Mehrishi takes charge as Economic Affairs SecretaryRajiv Mehrishi takes charge as Economic Affairs Secretary
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 31:  
The official-level makeover of Finance Ministry is complete with Rajiv Mehrishi taking charge as the Secretary Economic Affairs on Friday. This is just in time as the Government has started work on the Union Budget for 2015-16.
On October 16, Arvind Subramaniam joined as the new Chief Economic Advisor.
Mehrishi succeeds Arvind Mayaram who was ‘relieved of his duties’ on October 30 and shifted to Ministry of Minority Affairs. In June, Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Takru was shifted to the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region. Last month, he was transferred again to the National Commission for Minorities.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Flat tractor sales dentM&M profit in Q2Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Flat tractor sales dentM&M profit in Q2
Our Bureau
Revenue from the automotive segment stood at Rs 6,135.69 crore, an increase of 6.14 per cent as compared to Rs 5,780.52 crore in the same quarter a year ago.
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Hurt by flat growth of its tractor segment, auto major Mahindra and Mahindra Limited posted a 4.3 per cent drop in its second quarter standalone net profit.
In the July to September period, the Mumbai-based company posted a net profit of Rs 947 crore against Rs 990 crore, a year ago.
The auto maker posted a 7 per cent rise in its standalone total income at Rs 9,544 crore.
Total expenses rose to Rs 8,783 crore during the quarter from Rs 7,982 crore, a year ago.
Pawan Goenka, Executive Director & President – Automotive Farm Equipment Sectors, M&M said, “Auto industry is on the recovery path. However, the tractor segment continues to be flat.”
The company attributed delayed and below average monsoon in some parts of the country and also crop damage caused by cyclones for the flat growth in the domestic tractor industry.
The company said that the harvest will be negatively impacted by delayed and deficient monsoon, thereby impacting the farm equipment segment.
The truck industry has turned around, Goenka added and said that six consecutive months of growth for the industry cannot be an “accident.”
On a combined basis, however, its net profit was up 1.7 per cent.
The figures include the combined performance of Mahindra and Mahindra Limited and Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited.
The auto-maker posted a combined net profit of Rs 974.1 crore during the three month period ended September 30, 2014 against Rs 957.4 crore, a year ago.
Outlook
As far as the four wheeler segment is concerned, Goenka added, “things are looking up, but up until now the overall growth in the segment has been less than 5 per cent. So, it is highly unlikely that we will cross a 10 per cent growth in the full year.”
Across the various types of vehicles in the four wheeler segment, he said that a very uneven kind of a growth is taking place. “Small commercial vehicles are de-growing and trucks are growing…it is a very complex web,” he said.
Shares of the Mumbai-based company closed at Rs 1303.40, up 1.23 per cent on the BSE.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Black money: Govt appoints K V Chowdary as SIT AdvisorGovt appoints senior IRS officer K V Chowdary as SIT Advisor in black money case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 23:22 IST
Photo: Reuters
Senior IRS officer and outgoing CBDT Chairman K V Chowdary was on Friday appointed by the Government as an Advisor to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) that is probing black money cases.
An expert on tax issues and financial investigations, Chowdary will take charge of the new post from tomorrow on his retirement after serving over three decades in the Income Tax cadre of the Indian Revenue Service (IRS).
The 1978-batch officer retired on Friday as the Chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT).
"Both the SIT and government wanted the officer to continue as he has been dealing with blackmoney cases for a long time and has been a part of all the deliberations that have taken place on this subject in the last three years," a senior Finance Ministry official said.
The SIT is headed by retired Supreme Court Judge M B Shah with Vice-Chairman Justice (retd) Arijit Pasayat and heads of 11 different organisations or departments as members on the high-powered panel.
SIT sources said Chowdary would be carrying out all important works of coordination between the agencies on this apex panel and he would also be meeting various national and international stakeholders in furtherance of the government's aim to curb the menace of black money.
"However, the terms of his mandate will be announced later by the Finance Ministry ," they said.
An official order issued on Friday evening by the Finance Ministry said Chowdary will keep drawing the same salary, allowances and facilities, except pension benefits during this new tenure, as allowed to him as the CBDT chief.
His tenure, according to the order, will be for a period of six months and it could be extended further if need arises.

 Fiscal Deficit in H1 Nears 83% of Full-Year TargetBank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
New Delhi:
India's fiscal deficit reached nearly 83 percent of its full-year target in the first half of the year, giving the government a tough job meeting its budget target even with help from a fall in global crude prices that will reduce the oil subsidy bill.
A 25 percent fall in oil prices since June has helped Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government contain oil and fertiliser subsidies, but revenue growth has been slow.
In his maiden budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had targeted a reduction in the fiscal deficit to 4.1 percent of the gross domestic product in the current fiscal year, down from 4.5 percent in the previous year.
On Thursday, Prime Minister Modi ordered bureaucrats to stop flying first class, as part of a austerity drive aimed at reducing discretionary spending by 10 percent in the fiscal year to March 2015.
India's fiscal deficit was Rs 4.39 lakh crore during April-September, or 82.6 percent of the full-year target, government data showed on Friday.
The deficit was 76 percent during the comparable period in the previous fiscal year.
Net tax receipts totalled Rs 3.23 lakh crore in six months of the fiscal year.
Officials are worried that slow growth in tax collections could force the government to cut capital spending as it has done in the past two years, in order to maintain its credit ratings.
The government aims to raise around Rs 60,000 crore from the sale of shares in state-run companies and minority stakes in private companies this fiscal year, but it has still to start the process.
"With tax revenue growth underperforming the budgeted target in H1 FY15, revenue buoyancy will crucially hinge upon the success of the telecom auction and disinvestment offerings in the remainder of this fiscal," said Aditi Nair, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody's.
While welcoming the government's efforts to boost growth, Moody's said on Thursday it wanted to see more momentum in reforms for at least the next two years, in order to have a positive impact on India's credit rating.
Moody's rates India at "Baa3", or the lowest investment grade, with a "stable" outlook.
It was the only one among the three major global credit agencies not to downgrade India's outlook to "negative" over the past three years.
"Even though the fiscal deficit reached nearly 83 percent of the budgeted amount in H1 FY15, a sharp slippage relative to the target of 4.1 percent of GDP is unlikely in 2014-15," Ms Nair said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Growth to be in 5.5-5.9% Range in FY15: JaitleyBank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
New Delhi: Declining prices of crude oil and food will help lower inflation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday, expressing confidence that economic growth in the current fiscal year will be in the range of 5.5-5.9 per cent.
"The major priority of the government is to bring back growth momentum into country's economy. The Indian economy has potential for achieving and sustaining higher growth," Mr Jaitley said while addressing the Consultative Committee meeting here.
For 2014-15, he expects that the growth could be in 5.5-5.9 per cent range, said a Finance Ministry statement after the meeting.
Mr Jaitley outlined major priorities of the government as reviving and sustaining higher GDP growth, increasing savings, fiscal consolidation, keeping the current account deficit at moderate level and reviving investment cycle, among others.
Decline in investments and the manufacturing sector output pulled down the economic growth in last two fiscal years to below 5 per cent. Economy grew at 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Mr Jaitley said the recent decline in international oil prices as also domestic food items point towards lower inflation in the coming months.
Wholesale price index-based inflation moderated to a five-year low of 2.38 per cent mainly on account of decline in food prices.
"The capital flows to finance Current Account Deficit is adequate and further moderation in CAD can be expected in 2014-15 due to lower oil prices," Mr Jaitley said.
Current account deficit, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign currency, touched a record high of 4.7 per cent in fiscal year 2012-13. It came down to 1.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Meanwhile, Brent crude futures fell below $86 per barrel. The oil benchmark has fallen more than 9 per cent so far in October.
Mr Jaitley also outlined boosting manufacturing sector growth, infrastructure sector and exports, tackling food inflation, rationalising subsidies and reforms in direct and indirect taxes as his priority areas.
"Higher growth leads to more revenue collections, better employment opportunities and increase in Government's capacity to finance social sector programmes," he said.
The meeting was attended by Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs, besides five secretaries in the Finance Ministry.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 20:44 (IST)

Rupee closes 9 paise higher on local equitiesForex Update: Rupee closes 9 paise higher against dollar at 61.36
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 23:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee continued to rule listless throughout the week, but snapped its four-day of losing string to end higher by nine paise at 61.36 against the Greenback on record breaking local equities amid heavy capital inflows.
Fresh dollar selling by exporters and some banks also aided the rupee rise while strong dollar overseas kept the rupee rise under check.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced better at 61.39 a dollar from previous close of 61.45 and was trapped in a narrow range of 61.33 and 61.4450 before settling at 61.36, showing a rise of nine paise or 0.15 pct.
In straight four days, the rupee has dipped by 18 paise or 0.3 per cent.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Friday zoomed by 519.5 points or 1.90 per cent to end at new peak of 27,865.83 while FPIs/ FIIs injected $235.97 mln yesterday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.46 pct against its major global rivals. The gains came in the wake of a statement from the Federal Reserve that suggested growing confidence in the economic recovery, even as central bankers promised to keep benchmark interest rates near zero for a considerable period.
Mr. Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said,"Rupee continues to trade in a tight range but ended higher. The month end dollar demand nullified the positive effect of strong local equities which closed at all time high for the second consecutive day. "
Rupee movement was checked by the strong Dollar index which is trading at $86.51 and is heading towards to post its second weekly gain in a row. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.00 to 61.80.
In the forwards market, premium ended steady to better on stray payments by banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March almost stable at 191-192.5 paise from 191-193 paise while far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 rose to 422-424 paise from 417.5-419.5 paise previously.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4080 and for the Euro at 77.1899.
The rupee improved further against the pound to 98.23 from overnight close of 98.32 and also remained firm to end at 77.22 per euro from 77.37. It too shot up to 54.95 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.38.

Over 1000 foreign fighters stream into Syria every month: US officialsThere are more than 16,000 volunteers from 80 countries that have travelled to Syria to fight with various militant groups, including the Islamic State jihadists.
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:07 pm
Foreign fighters are streaming into Syria at a rate of roughly 1,000 a month, with no let-up in the flow despite international efforts to stem the tide, US officials said on Friday.
The surge in foreign militants heading to Syria surpasses anything seen in previous conflicts in the past 10 years, including wars in Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia or elsewhere, said a US intelligence official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
“It’s safe to say this conflict stands out with the highest rate in the last decade,” the official told AFP.
US intelligence agencies now believe there are more than 16,000 volunteers from 80 countries that have travelled to Syria to fight with various militant groups, including the Islamic State jihadists who have seized large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria.
“All of these numbers are trending upward,” the official said.
There was no sign yet that US-led air strikes against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq or new restrictions aimed at foreign volunteers in several countries had affected the flow, officials said.
Analysts say the numbers may be much higher while US officials acknowledge that tracking the movement of foreign volunteers remains a challenge and that any figure released is only a rough estimate.
“We have limited insights on this,” the official added.
Most of the volunteers have come from the Middle East and North Africa, with the highest number of fighters flowing out of Tunisia, officials said.
More than 2,000 hail from European nations and more than 100 from the United States, with a small number, about a dozen – linked to the Islamic State group, according US estimates.
The numbers on foreign fighters were first reported by NBC News and the Washington Post.

JSW Energy Q2 Net Jumps 96% to Rs 318 CrYou are here: Home Corporates
JSW Energy Q2 Profit Rises 96 Per Cent to Rs 318.63 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 23:45 (IST)
New Delhi: JSW Energy on Friday reported a 96 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 318.63 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014-15, mainly due to increased power generation at its plants.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 162.59 crore for the corresponding quarter last year.
Total income during the quarter under review increased to Rs 2,372.28 crore as against Rs 2,079.56 crore registered in the corresponding quarter a year ago.
"During the quarter, the company achieved net generation of 5,236 million units with the average deemed PLF (plant load factor) of 87 per cent. The PLF has improved primarily due to pick up in demand in the quarter," JSW Energy said in a statement.
The merchant (power) sales in Q2 were at 1,947 million units, while the sales under long-term power purchase agreement (PPA) were at 3,289 MUs.
The fuel cost for the quarter was Rs 1,224 crore, 19 per cent higher as compared to a year ago primarily due to increased generation which was partly offset by lower coal prices.
The company said its 240 MW Kuther hydro-electric power project in Himachal Pradesh and the expansion of its Barmer Lignite Mining Company were on track.
JSW Energy has diversified interests in power, mining, industrial gases, port facilities, aluminium, cement and information technology.
It has an operational capacity of 3,140 MW.
Shares in JSW Energy, on Friday, remained unchanged from their previous close at Rs 80.25 on the BSE.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 22:31 (IST)

MSTC  mjunction in race for coal block auctionUpdated: November 1, 2014 00:06 IST
MSTC, mjunction in race for coal block auction
Indrani Dutta
Two city-based e-commerce companies — mjunction and MSTC — appear to be the forerunners in the race for getting the coal block auction job.
The coal block allotment was cancelled by the apex court recently.
Sources said talks had already begun with one of the two companies, even as the government embarked on the task of short-listing e-commerce companies, which could be given the job.
Both companies are already engaged in e-commerce of coal.
What also weighs in their favour is that while MSTC is a public sector company, mjunction is a joint venture of the Steel Authority of India Ltd. and Tata Steel. “Credibility and transparency is important” a source said.
e-commerce foray
mjunction is associated with e-commerce in coal through its arm coaljunction. It has traded 214 million tonnes of coal, valued at Rs.300 crore.
MSTC, on the other hand, was a canalising agency for importing old ships for breaking, till it entered the e-commerce area in 2002.
It has now become the company’s backbone and it sells a range of items from obsolete stores and capital equipment to diamonds (including confiscated diamonds), human hair (offered by devotees in Hindu temples) and prasadam. It also sells coal for (Coal India Ltd.)CIL (Coal India Ltd.) subsidiaries.
The consultancy arm of CIL, Central Mine Planning Development Institute Ltd. (CMPDIL), has been tasked to fix the reserve price by early November. Coal Secretary Srivastava said here recently that the government was keen to start e-auction soon.
Committee formed
The government has simultaneously asked allocates to provide by November 10 details of money spent on land and mine infrastructure for receiving compensation. A committee has been set up to oversee this.
Indications are that the 42 mines in Schedule II of the recently promulgated the Coal Mines (Special Provision) Ordinance, 2014, will be the first chunk of assets to be put on the block.
Twenty-five per cent of the mines each are in West Bengal, with a similar chunk in Maharashtra, followed by Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand. These were allotted to government companies mainly.

Tea Board to bring auction centres under one roofUpdated: November 1, 2014 00:05 IST
Tea Board to bring auction centres under one roof
N. Anand
The Hindu At present, the auction centres in Kolkata, Siliguri, Guwahati, Kochi, Coimbatore and Coonoor are conducting online auction individually.
TOPICS
process industry
The Tea Board of India plans to bring in all the auction centres under one umbrella. This will enable growers/producers to take part in the auction from any part of the country without any hassle. It will become a reality shortly, said Executive Director R. Ambalavanan.
At present, the auction centres in Kolkata, Siliguri, Guwahati, Kochi, Coimbatore and Coonoor are conducting online auction individually. Collectively, these centres handle 50 per cent of production (600 million kg) annually, with Kolkata leading the show, followed by Guwahati, Coonoor and Kochi. Tea Board wants to increase this number to 60-70 per cent. Talking to The Hindu, Mr. Ambalavanan said, “Though the electronic auction system was introduced during 2008, different sets of rules are followed in different areas. We are trying to integrate them into a single platform so as to have uniform rules and procedures.”
Integration of these centres would result in widening the consumer base, providing better bargaining power, bringing down prices and ensuring availability of quality products, he said.
Mr. Ambalavanan said it would not cost much for the co-operative society to get on a common platform that would be provided by the Tea Board.
These societies had to carry out certain modifications in their software to get on to the bandwagon. The United Planters’ Association of Southern India was also in process of creating its own portal for e-auctioning.
To a question on the performance of the tea sector till September, he said it was likely to touch the last year’s level of 850 million kg.

Suzlon Posts Rs 656 Crore Loss in Q2You are here: Home Corporates
Suzlon Posts Loss of Rs 656 Crore in Q2, Logs Rise in Income
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 23:55 (IST)
New Delhi: Wind turbine maker Suzlon Energy on Friday posted a net loss of Rs 656.21 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014.
The company had reported a net loss of Rs 782.37 crore for the quarter ended September 2014.
Total income during the quarter under review increased to Rs 5,391.76 crore from Rs 4,820.54 crore a year ago.
Suzlon plans to list its German subsidiary - Senvion - on the London Stock Exchange through an initial public offering (IPO) which is likely to garner close to Rs 7,000 crore.
"Globally, we will leverage Senvion's leadership in off-shore technology to capitalise on the growing demand in the offshore segment. The Indian market has witnessed a positive impact of the government's thrust on clean energy and policy reforms," Suzlon Group chairman Tulsi Tanti said in a statement.
Last year, the company renamed its subsidiary REpower as Senvion. REpower, which was founded in 2001, was acquired by Suzlon Energy in December 2009.
"We have launched new products and will continue to invest in technology to provide clean and affordable energy for all," he added.
Meanwhile, Suzlon, which is planning a business revival strategy, has set a target of raising Rs 1,000 crore through sale of its non-core assets in the ongoing fiscal year (2014-15).
The company's order book stood at $6.3 billion, as of September 30.
Shares in Suzlon, on Friday, ended at Rs 13.45 apiece on the BSE, up 1.97 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 22:31 (IST)

IDBI Bank Reports 38% Fall in Q2 NetYou are here: Home Corporates
IDBI Bank Q2 Net Down 38 Per Cent on Employee Cost, Provisioning
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 00:14 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
New Delhi: IDBI Bank on Friday posted a 38 per cent fall in net profit at Rs 118.49 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014, on higher employee cost and provisioning.
The state-owned lender had registered a net profit of Rs 192.27 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago.
The bank made provisioning towards bad loans of Rs 990.47 crore during July-September 2014 as against Rs 878.72 crore in the corresponding quarter of 2013-14.
Meanwhile, employee cost rose to 497.31 crore during the quarter from Rs 360.49 crore a year earlier.
"Total income has increased from Rs 7,114.44 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs 7,610.52 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014," it said in a filing to the BSE.
Gross bad loans or non-performing assets (NPAs) rose to 5.72 per cent in the second quarter of the ongoing fiscal year (FY15) from 4.98 per cent year ago.
Net NPAs, however, reduced to 2.79 per cent of total advances as of September 30, from 2.82 per cent a year earlier.
Shares in IDBI Bank, on Friday, ended at Rs 70.55 apiece on the BSE, up 3.37 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 23:35 (IST)

Shares rally  yen slumps on BOJ stimulusYou are here: Home > Collections > Boj
Shares rally, yen slumps as BOJ ramps up stimulus
Nov 1, 2014, 12.52AM IST
(The unexpected jolt from…)
NEW YORK: Global equity markets rallied and the yen fell to a nearly seven-year low against the dollar on Friday after the Bank of Japan surprised financial markets by ramping up its massive economic stimulus program.
The unexpected jolt from the BOJ put the dollar on track for its biggest daily gain against the yen in 18 months, while driving gold and silver to their lowest since 2010.
The stronger dollar also pushed Brent crude toward its steepest monthly decline since 2012 as the oil benchmark traded below $85 a barrel for much of the session.
Equity markets surged as the BOJ decision to buy more assets helped ease concerns about the end of the U.S. Federal Reserve's stimulus program and the European Central Bank's reluctance thus far to engage in large-scale bond-buying.
The BOJ's board voted 5-4 to accelerate its buying of government bonds, while tripling its purchases of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts.
Also, Japan's $1.2 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund announced new portfolio allocations that will double its holdings of domestic and foreign stock holdings.
"It's not just the (BOJ's) easing, but the asset allocation from the pension plan is of course also helpful," said Paul Zemsky, chief investment officer of multi-asset strategies and solutions at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Economic growth (in the United States) is looking pretty good, earnings are good ... we will end the year certainly closer to 2,100 than 2,000 on the S&P 500."
MSCI's all-country world equity index rose 0.88 percent, while the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares gained 1.84 percent, to close at 1,351.96. In Tokyo, the Nikkei stock index soared 4.8 percent.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average hit a record intraday high and the benchmark S&P 500 came within one-tenth of 1 percent of its record peak.
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 146.23 points, or 0.85 percent, at 17,341.65. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 16.50 points, or 0.83 percent, at 2,011.15. The Nasdaq Composite Index was up 51.09 points, or 1.12 percent, at 4,617.23.
The dollar surged past its Oct. 1 high of 110.09 yen, rising as far as 112.47, its highest since December 2007. The greenback pared some gains to trade 2.76 percent higher at 112.21 yen, on course for its biggest gain since April 2013.
The euro jumped to a six-week high against the yen of 140.70 yen, and fell 0.65 percent to $1.2530 against the dollar. The dollar index, a measure of the greenback against six major currencies, rose 0.86 percent at 86.884.
U.S. Treasury debt prices fell as investors moved away from safe-haven bonds and grew more optimistic about prospects for the world's largest economy.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes fell 9/32 in price to yield 2.3371 percent.
Brent for December fell 38 cents to settle at $85.86 a barrel. U.S. crude settled down 58 cents at $80.54.
Spot gold slid as much as 3 percent to its lowest since July 2010 at $1,161.25 an ounce in early trade. It was last down 2.45 percent at $1,169.20.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Petrol  diesel prices cut by over 2 a litreComments
Oil companies cut petrol and diesel prices by Rs. 2.41 and Rs. 2.25 a litre respectively with immediate effect on plunging global crude oil costs, a move that will aid government’s efforts to keep inflation low and stable.
Lower inflation, in turn, could prompt the RBI to cut interest rates and nudge banks to lower home loan EMIs.
Since August, petrol has turned cheaper by Rs. 9.36 a litre in six price cuts, while diesel prices have been cut twice by Rs. 5.62 a litre in less than 15 days.
The latest diesel price cut follows the Rs. 3.37 a litre reduction on October 18, when in a reformist move, the government lifted state controls on diesel prices, allowing oil companies to fix the fuel’s pump-gate prices based on global crude oil costs.
Petrol will cost Rs. 64.25 a litre in Delhi and Rs. 71.91 in Mumbai. Diesel, which is India’s most consumed fuel, will now cost Rs. 53.35 per litre in Delhi and Rs. 61.04 in Mumbai.
Prices vary between states due to local levies. India imports two-thirds of its energy need, making oil prices a key factor for inflation.
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, while retail inflation fell to 6.46%, the lowest since 2012.
The cut in prices of diesel will bolster the government’s plans to tame inflation and cut subsidies.
A lower subsidy bill will eventually help govt cut taxes on petro products. This, in turn, will help offset shocks when global crude prices shoot up.
 
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was also cut by Rs. 18.5 to Rs. 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder, the fourth reduction since August of the commodity bought by users after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.

ATM use over 5 times per month will attract fee nowATM use over 5 times per month will attract fee now
PTI  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 20:27 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:17 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a levy of Rs. 20 per transaction from Saturday.
As per the Reserve Bank's (RBI) new guidelines that comes into force from Saturday, bank customers in six metros-- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore-- are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs. 20 per use.
Besides, the number of free transactions at ATMs (Automated Teller Machines) of non-home banks has been cut to three times a month from five times.
"Taking into account the high density of ATMs, bank branches and alternate modes of payment available to customers, the number of mandatory free ATM transactions for savings bank account customers at other banks? ATMs is reduced from the present 5 to 3 transactions per month (inclusive of both financial and non-financial transactions)," RBI had said in a notification issued in August this year.
The RBI, however, clarified that nothing precludes a bank from offering more than three free transactions at other bank ATMs to its account holders if it so desires.
The cap in the number of free ATM transactions will not apply on small/no-frills or basic savings bank deposit account holders who will continue to enjoy five free transactions.
At places other than the six metro centres, the facility of five free transactions for savings bank account customers will remain unchanged upon using other bank ATMs.
India has a total of 1.6 lakh bank ATMs across the country as of March 2014.
The new guidelines were issued in pursuance of a representation made to the RBI by Indian Banks' Association on the back of growing cost of ATM deployment and maintenance incurred by banks as well as rising interchange outgo due to free transactions.

1 196% stock gain in 10 months! Here s howEMAIL
iStockphoto, Getty Images Thinkstock
Investors who got greedy while others were terrified this year — especially during October — are counting their riches now.
CareFusion (CFN) , a medical technology company, just delivered a monthly gain of 27.6% — making it the best-performing stock in the Standard & Poor’s 500 in October. Had you owned this stock and all the other best stocks of each month of the year, you’d be looking at an impressive 1,196% gain in 10 months. Not bad.
To put this another way, had you invested $10,000 in January in the best stock of the month, Harman International (HAR) , and shifted each month to the best stock, you would be sitting on $129,632.68 now.
This cannot be stressed enough: Clearly choosing the best stock of each month is unrealistic and impossible (unless you’re strangely lucky). But looking at the best stocks of each month shows where investors were shifting their money as they adjusted to the market’s constantly changing trends. Above all, though, it’s a reminder of how bailing out of the market — especially when it’s looking scary — can be costly.
The month of October shaped up to be a decent period for stocks, with the S&P 500 rising 2.1%. That beats the 1.6% decline in September and is the best month since gaining 3.8% in August.
But clearly — picking the best stocks has hyper-charged returns.
CareFusion’s massive October gain was another example of one of the best ways to make money this year: Getting a company bought. The company, which makes a variety of medical devices, agreed to be bought by Becton, Dickinson (BDX) for $12.2 billion or $58 a share. Not surprisingly, the stock shot up 23% on the news.
The best monthly performance for any stock this year still belongs to Monster Beverage (MNST), which gained 38.2% in the month of August.
October might have scared investors during the month. But it’s just another example of why other peoples’ fear can actually be very profitable.
BEST STOCKS IN THE S&P 500 EACH MONTH THIS YEAR
Company

Indian units of Japanese cos like Maruti  Honda soar as Yen slumpsAnalyst
(The sharp decline in the…)
MUMBAI: The sharp decline in the value of yen against the dollar has sparked off a rally in many of the Japanese companies operating out of India. The yen touched a six-year low against the dollar on Friday after the Bank of Japan unexpectedly expanded its monetary stimulus programme. The Japanese currency fell 2.3 per cent to 112 against the dollar in New York , the weakest since January 2008.
Some of the Japanese companies listed on the Indian markets such as Maruti Suzuki, Ricoh, Honda Siel Power, Hitachi Home Appliances, Sharp India and Lumax Industries gained between 1 per cent and 7 per cent on Friday. Analysts reckoned that some of these companies will benefit from the lower cost of sourcing of raw materials from the parent company as well as a lower royalty outgo.
"Many of the Japanese companies operating in India are souring raw materials from Japan. The depreciation in yen will help them to reduce their raw material cost and improve their profit margin," said Amar Ambani, head of research, IIFL. "In some companies, even the royalty outgo will be lower due to the currency depreciation," he added.
The Bank of Japan said it will increase holdings of government bonds by 80 trillion yen ($723 billion) and boost exchange-traded fund purchases to 3 trillion yen. In India, the rupee has gained nearly 7 per cent against the yen in the past 15 days to touch 54.91 from 58.60 for 100 yen. While Sharp India surged 7 per cent toRs 66.45, Honda Siel Power and Hitachi Home & Life Solutions gained 3.5 per cent each to touch Rs 846 and Rs 641, respectively.
Auto major Maruti Suzuki rose 3 per cent to Rs 3,338.35 — Maruti shares have risen 12 per cent in the past one month against the 4.5 per cent rise of the BSE Auto index.
"The yen depreciation will start having its favourable impact on Maruti Suzuiki from the Q3 onwards, which will reduce its raw material costs, thus aiding margin expansion," said Ashwin Patil , analyst , LKP Securities .
Maruti Suzuki's direct or indirect exposure to the yen is nearly 20 per cent of its revenues. Around 1 per cent weakness in the yen against the dollar helps Maruti Suzuki's earnings by about 4 per cent. However, some of the Indian companies which are exporting to Japan will be negatively impacted, said analysts.
"Companies like Lupin, which has nearly 12 per cent of its revenues coming from Japan, will have a negative impact due to depreciation of the yen," said Pankaj Pandey, head of research, ICICI Securities. Shares of Lupin fell 2 per cent in the past five trading sessions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata International raises SGD 150 mn in bond saleYou are here: Home > Collections > Singapore
Tata International raises SGD 150 million in first perpetual bond sale
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 11.24PM IST
(The issue got close to seven…)
MUMBAI: The global trading arm of the over USD 103 billion Tata Group, Tata International, has raised 150 million Singapore dollars in an overseas bond sale, priced at 6.65 per cent.
This is the first-ever perpetual bond issuance in the Singapore debt market by a domestic company, as also the largest sole-advisor led transaction from country in recent years, according to the merchant banker HSBC.
The issue got close to seven times over-subscription, enabling the company to tighten pricing to 6.65 per cent, HSBC said.
The company could not be immediately contacted for a comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smoking curbs may cast a shadow on ITC s cas...You are here: Home > Collections
Smoking curbs likely to cast a shadow on ITC's cash cow
Kiran Kabtta Somvanshi, ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 10.27AM IST
Tags:
ET Intelligence Group
(Despite being aconglomerate…)
Cigarettes it has been, and cigarettes it is for ITC. Despite being aconglomerate running luxury hotels and selling notebooks and apparels beside cigarettes, the company's bread and butter continues to be the tobacco business. Its September quarter performance continues to display this trend where the bulk of its profits - as much as 85 per cent - have come from the cigarettes business while its hotels and consumer goods businesses continue to bleed.
Though it posted a healthy 15 per cent growth in revenues, its net profit rose a mere 9 per cent - the lowest quarterly growth in the past six years. Higher raw material cost and other expenses squeezed operating margins to 39 per cent from 40.7 per cent.
A higher base, increased depreciation and more tax outgo impacted the bottomline. The latest quarterly performance is unlikely to push up the ITC stock, which has been under pressure amid regulatory curbs on smoking .
Thestock closed flat on Friday at Rs 355.25. What should worry investors is the looming threat of regulatory clamps on the company's cash cow. Since cigarettes are a major tax source for the government, it is unlikely do anything that could threaten the very survival of the industry.
But faced with a vocal antismoking lobby, the government may increasingly make it difficult to market cigarettes - forcing ITC and others to find new ways to do business.
ITC's fast moving consumer goods business, which managed to break even in the last fiscal, slipped back into red this year. The hotels business suffered continuous drop in profit in the past several quarters and has been losing money since the past two quarters. Against this backdrop, ITC's plan to further invest in FMCG and hotels businesses seems baffling.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1qb5R0oFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
A family-size sedan with real personality
summit point, w.va. There we were, running from the cop car at 120 mph.  Lights, siren, roaring engine — no problem. We were flogging the high-power versions of the 2015 Dodge Charger full-size, four-door
Post to Facebook
A family-size sedan with real personality summit point, w.va. There we were, running from the cop car at 120 mph.  Lights, siren, roaring engine — no problem. We were flogging the high-power versions of the 2015 Dodge Charger full-size, four-door Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wOitiI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
7
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
A family-size sedan with real personality
James R. Healey , 10:22 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
Video Keywords Virginia Maryland V6 V8 cop car wheel drive USA today Virginia West Virginia Maryland Wheeling
Auto writer James R. Healey gets behind the wheel of the new 2015 Dodge Charger. Join us for this inside review. (Money, USA Today)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  The cop car was back there flashing howling and Rory
00:06  I was headed to a 120 and get away. I'm James.
00:16  I was shaken up the 2015. Dodge Charger and when version
00:20  of that is that police pursuit model chasing me around the
00:23  track just for fun. Chargers a big rear drive four door.
00:28  The new model has fresh styling and new interior and get
00:31  deaths of 707. Horsepower supercharged V8. Top model called telecast. Allen
00:39  65 grand. Two other less extreme V eights are available but
00:43  I wound up to my own surprise favoring the V6 models.
00:47  They weigh less and they flowed through the corners instead of
00:50  trying to boss them around as the heavier V eights seem
00:53  to do. These sixes started 29 dollars and and that's not
00:57  much for a big roomy sedan but. The options add up
01:00  fast. My V6 test cars drank closer to forty and thirty.
01:05  All wheel drive is optional but only on the V sixes
01:08  no more on the V eights. My time Wheeling their new
01:11  charger around the background as of Virginia Maryland and West Virginia
01:15  made me think I. Not be willing to settle for any
01:18  of the plans and ends. That dominate the midsize and large
01:22  categories. And there area lot compared to that charge. For more
01:26  news and views on cars and trucks go to the cars
01:30  page in the money section of the USA today dot com.
01:34  And James are healing and that's test drive.
Test Drive's James R. Healey with a 707-hp. Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat after a run on the track at Summit Point, W. Va.
(Photo: Fred Meier, USA TODAY)
147 CONNECT 61 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SUMMIT POINT, W. VA. — There we were, running from the cop car at 120 mph.
Lights, siren, roaring engine — no problem. We were flogging the high-power versions of the 2015 Dodge Charger full-size, four-door sedan around the race track here. Just for grins, and there were many of them, Dodge put its police pursuit model into the track mix.
Thus, legally trying to outrun the cops. Major fun.
But you'll probably drive the car more sedately, even if you get one of the Hemi V-8s instead of the V-6 most will buy.
Thus, you no doubt are more interested to know that the new Charger handles very nicely, is quite quick, even equipped with the base V-6 engine, and still offers all-wheel drive (AWD), though no longer on the V-8s.
It's worthwhile to remember that Charger, and the mechanically similar Chrysler 300, are derived from a previous Mercedes-Benz E-Class chassis. M-B's parent, Daimler, had taken over Chrysler at the time.
It's an excellent foundation for a big sedan. "Who wouldn't like to have it?" says Charger chief engineer Alison Rahm.
While some family-size sedans feel as if they're pulling the verve right out of you, Charger's different.
The refreshed full-size Charger, on sale in November as a 2015, has so much personality that it offers a 707-hp supercharged V-8 as its top model, called, unsubtly, Hellcat.
Using wide-open throttle, it'll suck the fuel tank dry in 13 minutes, Dodge says. Hits 204 mph flat out. And the big supercharger atop the V-8 moves so much air that it can, Dodge insists, pull all the air from an 8X10, high-ceiling office cubicle in a minute flat.
Our 2015 Dodge Charger V-6 test cars, which didn’t have a lot we’d willingly surrender, were $37,470 (RWD) and $41,080 (AWD).
(Photo: Chrysler)
Maybe that's too much personality — or, at $64,990 including shipping — too much money.
Good news. The $28,990 starter model's V-6 is a peppy delight. And it continues to offer AWD, a plus for folks in slick places.
We drove V-6 RWD and AWD versions, and a 5.7-liter Hemi V-8 model on the back roads of Virginia and Maryland en route to Summit Point, W.Va., where a race track awaited to let us hammer the big-engine models.
Surprisingly, the V-6 RWD is our favorite. It seems to flow through turns, and responds to the brakes and steering in proportion to the movements the driver makes.
Its 300 hp were sufficient for passing, merging and having fun.
The V-6 with AWD has a harsher ride, even though its tires have taller sidewalls than the RWD tires, and those should have a cushioning effect. Not a big deal, just enough to notice how well-balanced the RWD V-6 is.
The three V-8 models, which all now have eight-speed automatic transmissions, are much more powerful, but didn't seem as sweetly set up.
A smart person once said that it can be more fun driving a small-engine car hard than it is trying to drive a big-engine car gently.
Exceptions to that abound, but – surprising even ourselves — we consider the Pentastar V-6 the pick o' the Charger litter.
Charger gets some styling refinement, significant interior upgrades and — our favorite improvement — the electronic gearshift lever now moves like a mechanical lever, instead of in toggle fashion.
A big thanks from Test Drive.
Key points about Charger:
• As what passes for a full-size car nowadays, it has generous leg and knee space. People actually can ride in back on long trips.
• Fuel economy's OK. We got low- to mid-20s on the rural two-lanes, exercising the engines pretty vigorously. We'd prefer to see that in town, but Charger is a 2-ton sedan that takes some energy to move. Positive notes: In our driving the RWD and AWD V-6 cars had nearly the same mpg, and the 5.7-liter Hemi V-8 wasn't far behind.
• Base price is relatively low for a big car — $28,990 — but can zoom as you add the features you probably can't live without. Our V-6 test cars, which didn't have a lot we'd willingly surrender, were $37,470 (RWD) and $41,080 (AWD).
After enjoying the 2015 Charger's ride/handling balance, performance and roomy comfort, we find it hard to imagine we'd settle for a midsize family car, or any other mainstream big sedan, with the possible exception of the Corvette-engine Chevrolet SS.
USA TODAY Auto Editor Fred Meier with the Dodge Charger police vehicle on the race track at Summit Point, W. Va.
(Photo: James R. Healey, USA TODAY)
2015 Dodge Charger details:
• What? Full-size, four-door, five-passenger sedan with V-6 or V-8 engines, rear-wheel drive (RWD) or all-wheel drive (AWD) for V-6 only.
• When? On sale November.
• Where? Made at Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
• How much? Base prices range from $28,990 including shipping for SX V-6 RWD to $64,990 for 707-horsepower supercharged Hellcat.
• What makes it go? 3.6-liter V-6 rated 292 horsepower at 6,350 rpm, 260 pounds-feet of torque at 4,800 rpm (300 hp, 264 lbs.-ft. with Rallye CQGroup).
5.7-liter Hemi V-8: 370 hp at 5,250, 395 lbs.-ft. at 4,200.
6.4-liter V-8: 485 hp at 6,000, 475 lbs.-ft. at 4,200.
6.2-liter supercharged V-8: 707 hp at 6,000, 650 lbs.-ft. at 4,800.
All use eight-speed automatics.
•How big? About 3 inches shorter, 2 in. wider than Chevrolet Impala. Weighs 3,934-4,575 lbs. Passenger space 104.7 cubic feet. Trunk, 16.5 cu. ft. Turning circle, 37.7 ft.-38.7 ft.
• How thirsty? V-6, RWDrated 19 mpg city, 31 highway, 23 combined. V-6 AWD: 18/27/21. 5.7-liter V-8: 16/25/21. 6.4-liter V-8: 15/25/18. Hellcat 6.2 supercharged V-8: 13/22/16.
In rural two-lane driving with some wide-open throttle, test cars registered: V-6 RWD, 24.9 mpg; V-6 AWD, 24.1; 5.7-liter V-8, 21.1 mpg.
Mid-grade 89-octane recommended for V-6, 5.7-liter V-8. Premium 91 octane recommended for 6.4-liter and 6.2-liter supercharged V-8s.Tank holds 18.5 gal.
• Overall: Sweet, smooth, roomy and saucy looking.
The 2015 Dodge Charger Hellcat, boating 707 hp from a supercharged 6.2-liter V-8. It tops out at 204 mph, and Dodge says it'll drain the fuel tank in 13 minutes running wide open. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
Test Drive's James R. Healey with a 707-hp. Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat after a run on the track at Summit Point, W. Va. 
(Photo: Fred Meier, USA TODAY)
Fullscreen
The 2015 Dodge Charger family of cars. While some family-size sedans feel as if they’re pulling the verve right out of you, Charger’s different. The refreshed full-size Charger, on sale in November as a 2015, starts at $28,990 for V-6 rear-wheel drive. The 707-hp Hellcat starts at $64,990. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
Our 2015 Dodge Charger V-6 test cars, which didn’t have a lot we’d willingly surrender, were $37,470 (RWD) and $41,080 (AWD). 
(Photo: Chrysler)
The 2015 Dodge Charger makes a mean-looking police car. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
USA TODAY Auto Editor Fred Meier with the Dodge Charger Police Pursuit vehicle on the race track at Summit Point, W. Va. 
(Photo: James R. Healey, USA TODAY)
The 2015 Dodge Charger is based on a previous version of the Mercedes-Benz E-class chassis, developed when M-B owner Daimler ran Chrysler.  
(Photo: Chrysler)
In rural two-lane driving with some wide-open throttle, test cars registered: V-6 RWD, 24.9 mpg; V-6 AWD, 24.1; 5.7-liter V-8, 21.1 mpg. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
The Charger gets some styling refinement, significant interior upgrades and — our favorite improvement — the electronic gearshift lever now moves like a mechanical lever, instead of in toggle fashion. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
Fullscreen
The engines include a 3.6-liter V-6 rated at 292 horsepower, or 300 hp when part of the Rallye Group options package. The 5.7-liter V-8 is rated at 370 hp, the 6.4-liter V-8 is rated at 485 hp and the 6.2-liter supercharged V-8 in the Hellcat is rated at 707 hp. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
The 2015 Dodge Charger's three V-8 models all now have eight-speed automatic transmissions. The car's made at Brampton, Ontario, Canada. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Rahul Gandhi must take over as Congress president  rejig party: Digvijaya Singh(The time has come for Rahul…)
By CL Manoj
NEW DELHI: The time has come for Rahul Gandhi to take full charge of Congress as its handson leader while Sonia Gandhi can continue to mentor the party, AICC General Secretary Digvijaya Singh told ET in an exclusive interaction on Friday. "Rahulji should take charge as the president of Congress at the earliest and must embark on a Bharat Yatra as a mass-contact programme across the country," Singh said, adding that Sonia could remain the chairperson of United Progressive Alliance.
Apart from Singh, senior party leaders including Ahmed Patel, AK Antony, P Chidambaram, Ambika Soni, Ashok Gehlot, Sheila Dikshit , Veerappa Moily, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Mallikarjun Kharge, Oscar Fernandes and Mukul Wasnik have had discussions with Rahul in the past few weeks and days. Many of these leaders told ET separately that they have conveyed to Rahul that it's time he took over as the party chief .
There is a palpable sense of expectation, and even confidence, among some influential Congress leaders that Rahul, long seen as a "reluctant heir", "is now ready" to take charge and lead from the front after the party's crushing defeat in the general elections. Many feel the "earlier" Rahul takes charge, "the better", as it will put an end to the lingering doubts/confusions about his plans besides giving the party the much-needed sense of direction.
Speaking to ET at his Lodhi Estate residence, Singh also said Rahul is the chosen one to lead Congress. "There is no one in the party who will challenge Rahulji's leadership," he said.
On the possibility of a rejig in the party's top leadership, Singh said, "Once he takes charge, he may do that. It is up to him." After taking charge, Rahul should immediately re-assess the socio-economic policy of Congress, Singh said, adding that he must also focus on holding a transparent drive for party membership, and organisational elections by putting an end to bogus practices.
Ever since Rahul Gandhi became AICC general secretary in 2005, and later the vice-president in 2013, he has been carrying out his own "experiments and reforms" within the organization.
He started with the Youth Congress and NSUI and has now turned his attention to the main party. There have been reports of some of Rahul's "innovative ideas" conflicting with the approach of "traditional leaders, especially the old guard ".
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1p7DEN9FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Subway's new $6 deal includes drink, chips
Fast-food's magic price point -- widely regarded as $5 -- may be about to jump to $6. Subway, which created the $5 Footlong deal as a way to entice customers during the heart of the recession, on Saturday will
Post to Facebook
Subway's new $6 deal includes drink, chips Fast-food's magic price point -- widely regarded as $5 -- may be about to jump to $6. Subway, which created the $5 Footlong deal as a way to entice customers during the heart of the recession, on Saturday will Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tGqs1w
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
7
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Subway's new $6 deal includes drink, chips
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 4:19 p.m. EDT October 30, 2014
Subway's Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki sandwich is part of the new Simple Six $6 menu.
(Photo: Subway)
773 CONNECT 109 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Fast-food's magic price point — widely regarded as $5 — may be about to jump to $6.
Subway, which created the $5 Footlong deal as a way to entice customers during the heart of the recession, on Saturday will nationally roll out a new value meal twist.  This one, dubbed Simple $6 Menu, features six of its core sandwiches that will be sold in 6-inch versions along with a 21-ounce fountain drink and bag of chips for $6.
That's a savings of about 75 cents to $2, depending on the market.
The deal is not a limited-time promotion but a new addition to the menu for the privately held fast-food chain. Unlike the burger giants that more typically offer a burger, fries and soft drink as their value offerings, Subway says its new value deal has some healthier options, since three of them are from its "Fresh Fit" sandwich menu.
"Value is always a turf battle in fast food.  We think we have a different take on it," says Tony Pace, global chief marketing officer at Subway, in a phone interview. Instead of a short-time promotion, he says, this is a long-term program that's now part of the sandwich kingpin's menu.
The subs in the deal: Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki, Italian BMT, Turkey Breast, Tuna, Black Forest Ham, & Meatball Marinara. All of these rank among the chain's 10 best-selling sandwiches, says Pace.  The Simple $6 Menu will be available in Subway's 26,908 U.S. locations.
The action comes at a time that competitive value deals across the fast-food industry have snipped away business from Subway. While the move does not replace future $5 Footlong deals at Subway, it does add a second level of value offerings to a chain eager to attract Millennial customers who demand value and better-for-you foods.
"Quick-service restaurants across the board are fighting to keep customers as more and more competitors crowd the field," says Sam Oches, editor at QSR magazine, a trade publication for the fast-food industry. "One of the ways they can do that, one of their points of differentiation, is being able to offer a strong sense of value."
Oches, however, says this doesn't quite have the aura of the $5 Footlong. "While this deal comes with a whole meal, $6 is still on the higher end, compared with a lot of other value meals offered in the quick-service industry," he says.
Dairy Queen, for example, has a $5 Buck Lunch that includes a Bacon Cheeseburger, fries, drink and sundae. And KFC has $5 Fill-Ups that include three chicken tender pieces, mashed potatoes, biscuit, medium drink and a cookie.
But Pace insists that value means more than just price to today's consumer.  "Value is the combination of quality, quantity and desirability, divided by price," he says.
The expanded value offering, which has already been tested in Texas and parts of the West Coast, is not for a limited time, Pace says. While other industry deals will come and go, he says, the Simple $6 Menu will stay.  "It's a square deal that customers can count on."
773 CONNECT 109 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tGqs1w
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Nokia switches off Chennai plant that produced 800 mn handsetsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s embarrassing aviation downgrade by US FAA set to be revoked soonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Petrol  Diesel Rates Lowered by over 2 Per LitrePetrol  Diesel Rates Lowered by over 2 Per Litre
Govt mulls gold mining proposal; aims to curb trade deficitConference Call
(The government is considering…)
NEW DELHI: The government is considering a proposal to allow a private company to commercially extract gold from Ganajur gold mines in Karnataka, one of the largest known gold deposits in the country, as it looks at ways and means to step up production and curb the galloping trade deficit.
The commerce ministry has pushed for fast-tracking the project, being developed by the BSE-listed Deccan Gold Mines Ltd , and the mines ministry is taking a fresh look at the mining lease application. "The mines ministry has informed the cabinet secretariat that it is taking a fresh view on the mining lease for Ganajur," said a senior government official aware of the development.
"The ministry will firm up its stance on the issue by mid-November," the official added. The mining lease application is pending since 2010.
India's largest gold mine at Kolar that had yielded gold since the Indus Valley civilization era was shut down 13 years ago and plans hatched under the UPA to revive it have come to naught. The Karnataka government had granted a prospecting licence for the Ganjur project, that includes a 2,000 tonnes per day gold ore processing plant, in 2009, and recommended the mining lease to the Centre a year later.
The mines ministry sought several clarifications from the state and the developer, but had held back mining lease. No new gold mining capacity has come up in the country in the intervening period, with production from the three existing mines at Hutti, Uti and Hirabuddini, hovering around 2.8 tonnes a year. Commercial extraction of gold at the mine could start by the end of 2016 if mining nod comes through soon. About 308,000 ounces or alittle less than nine tonnes of gold is expected to be tapped at Ganajur's first mine, from around 1.5 million tonnes of gold ore. Deccan Gold Mines managing director Sandeep Lakhwara told investors recently that the Ganajur project could be expedited in the greater public interest by the NDA government."...Minister of State and Commerce Nirmala Sitharaman has talked about eight projects that would be followed up in the greater public interest and I am happy to say that Ganajur fits into one of those... that have been notified for fast tracking by the lady minister . So it should therefore certainly receive better attention than it has been receiving earlier," Lakhwara said in a conference call on September 25.
The firm said it expects the mines ministry to process its application soon, following which it will apply for environmental clearances and hopes to begin commercial production by end of 2016. Indians' insatiable appetite for the yellow metal pushed up the country's trade deficit to an 18-month high of $14.2b last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Does the coming of Microsoft Lumia  spell the end of an era for Nokia smartphonesWith the coming of Microsoft Lumia, it is the end of an era for Nokia smartphones
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 1 Nov, 2014, 09.10AM IST
Microsoft will use the Nokia brand for 10 years for feature phones and has decided to re-brand the Nokia Lumia range of smartphones to Microsoft Lumia.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
As the world moves rapidly towards the era of smartphones, a brand synonymous with mobile phones for two decades and one that actually introduced these more advanced devices to the masses will not be part of this future. Nokia, arguably one of the most popular mobile phone brands across the globe, will cease to exist among smartphones in the years to come as Microsoft, the new owner of Nokia's devices business, has decided to pull the curtains on one of the most iconic names of our time, even if only partially.
Microsoft will use the Nokia brand for 10 years for feature phones and has decided to re-brand the Nokia Lumia range of smartphones to Microsoft Lumia and discontinue the Asha and X ranges of smartphones. Redmond-headquartered Microsoft bought Nokia's devices and services business for $7.5 billion in April, along with the right to use the Nokia brand.
"It's the end of an era," said brand consultant Harish Bijoor, who recalls that his second mobile phone was the Nokia Communicator, a brick-like yet swanky device that split open to become a mini laptop with a qwerty keypad and business apps. Owning this handphone at Rs 60,000 or Rs 72,000 more than a decade ago was akin to owning jewelry. It also meant you had arrived.
"Nokia is a loss. It's a brand that I have real affection for. It still has the largest brand recall," Bijoor added. Nokia made all the right moves in its heyday to become one of the most trusted brands among discerning Indian consumers who wanted value for money and high quality in any product they bought. It partnered with retailers, carriers and content makers and introduced a variety of models month after month to create a flourishing ecosystem for mobile phones in India, one of its top priority markets globally.
"When all phones were limited to few colours, Nokia launched the full colour screen phone, which was my first mobile phone," said 32-year old graphic designer Krishnaraj Singh, who has since used more than a dozen Nokia phones. Nokia's durability was another killer feature that no mobile phone can match today. "The phones wouldn't break even if I were to throw them," said 30-year old Kavita Kapoor, a public relations professional at a clothing brand in Gurgaon.
"It's a brand that has captured the imagination of every single person," said PepsiCo India Chairman and Chief Executive Officer D Shivakumar, who spearheaded Nokia's growth for almost half of its 18 years in India, during which it set up India's first mobile phone manufacturing factory in Sriperumbudur near Chennai in 2009.
At its peak, the factory produced 25% of all Nokia phones sold, which was 11% of the world's cellphones. From November 1, the factory will stop functioning. The plant was excluded from the Microsoft deal after its assets were frozen in taxrelated proceedings.
"Nokia was more than a brand. It was consistent as a brand and as a culture, humble, honest, caring and empathetic," Shivakumar added. Not everybody feels that the former pride of Finland has lost its legacy. The brand will live on, even if it is restricted to feature phones used by 71% of India's 900 million mobile phone owners, which is only diminishing as they upgrade to smartphones.
"The brand equity will remain intact," said a former senior executive at Nokia, who did not want to be identified. "It will only move to Microsoft, which is not an unknown brand in India. I have seen customers walking into Microsoft retail stores that were earlier Nokia Priority Dealers with the same ease and confidence they had in Nokia," he added.
Many consumers believe that in terms of recall, the brand will prevail even for smartphones because it will take a while for the change of brand to register. Customers, especially those who have used or are using Lumia devices, are likely to habitually keep referring to them as Nokia Lumia instead of Microsoft Lumia.
"Buying a Microsoft Lumia is just not the same as buying a Nokia Lumia. For a generation that has grown up with the idea that a smartphone equals N Series or E Series, not being able to buy a Nokia smartphone will leave a void. Ten years later, no one will reminiscence about their iPhone 5, 6 or 10, it will be the Nokia N95 that they will recall," said Vaibhav Sharma, a lawyer and tech blogger who has followed Nokia for several years.
"If Nokia's demise proves one thing, it is that nothing stays forever in the world of technology. So don't be surprised if you see Nokia make a comeback in 2016. Remember, they didn't sell their patents or the HERE mapping division to Microsoft," he added.
Under the terms of the deal, Nokia, which now operates telecom equipment, HERE maps and technologies businesses after the acquisition, will continue to own and maintain the Nokia brand. After the transaction closes, Nokia cannot license the Nokia brand for use in connection with mobile device sales for 30 months and cannot use the brand on Nokia's own mobile devices until December 31, 2015.

Delhi: Pay upto 10 times more for parking by the hour from todayFor the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Sachin Tendulkar s son Arjun set to tour South Africa with Mumbai clubSachin Tendulkar's son Arjun set to tour South Africa with Mumbai club
PTI  Mumbai, November 01, 2014
First Published: 08:33 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 08:52 IST(1/11/2014)
Sachin Tendulkar's Arjun will be leading a Mumbai club Worli CC's U-18 side to South Africa for a pre-season exposure tour that starts on November 2.
This is Tendulkar junior's second exposure tour to South Africa.
The left-handed batsman was the top scorer during Worli CC's last visit to South Africa, where he impressed one and all with some good knocks.
Worli CC are scheduled to play 10 limited overs matches of 45 overs-a-side against some top schools in Johannesburg, Pretoria and Potchefstroom.
Organiser of this trip is Worli CC's Avinash Kadam. It has been learnt that the club organises such trips for youngsters so that they get a chance to experience the pace and bounce of faster wickets in South Africa.

http://usat.ly/1sT5wzfFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Why you shouldn't be afraid of credit cards
If you knocked on your credit card issuer's door, dressed in a bewitchingly scary costume, would you receive a trick or a treat? Many people fear credit cards, or rather, fear credit card debt. But if you use
Post to Facebook
Why you shouldn't be afraid of credit cards If you knocked on your credit card issuer's door, dressed in a bewitchingly scary costume, would you receive a trick or a treat? Many people fear credit cards, or rather, fear credit card debt. But if you use Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tICSG6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Why you shouldn't be afraid of credit cards
Erin El Issa, NerdWallet 3:44 p.m. EDT October 31, 2014
ORG XMIT: NYBZ178 FILE - This file photo taken Nov. 18, 2009, a pile of MasterCard and VISA credit cards are displayed in Frankfurt, Germany. A sweater you buy for Christmas goes on sale for half price the next day. You might be able to get the difference back if you paid with a credit card.(AP Photo/Jochen Krause, File)
(Photo: Jochen Krause, AP)
39 CONNECT 40 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
If you knocked on your credit card issuer's door, dressed in a bewitchingly scary costume, would you receive a trick or a treat? Many people fear credit cards, or rather, fear credit card debt. But if you use them right, credit cards are a treat, not a trick. Here's why you shouldn't be frightened by credit cards on Oct. 31 or any other day.
1. Debt is scary, but building credit is good for everyone
Carrying credit card debt is scary, but using credit cards responsibly is one of the easiest ways to build credit. Even if you have no plans of taking on debt in the future — no mortgage, no loans, no money owed of any kind — you need to build your credit. Your credit may be taken into consideration when renting an apartment, applying for a job, getting car insurance or signing up for a cellular plan.
Of course, the key here is responsible use of credit cards. This means you pay off your balance in full each month and keep your balance from exceeding 30% of your limit. For instance, if your credit card limit is $1,000, keep your balance below $300 at all times. Balances are often reported mid-billing cycle, and credit utilization of more than 30% can hurt your credit score.
2. Rewards are a treat anyone would love
Many credit cards have cash-back or travel rewards for your spending. Rewards generally run 1% to 2% of your total purchases. They're made possible by interchange fees — the amount a merchant's bank pays to a customer's bank for the acceptance of credit card transactions. When you have a rewards credit card, some of this money comes back to you. The rewards can be travel or cash related.
But rewards are only useful if you pay off your balance in full each month. No credit card will give you rewards higher than your interest rate.
3. Lack of liability protection is scarier than a Freddy Krueger costume
If your cash is lost or stolen, it's gone. Unless a good Samaritan happens to find it and return it, you won't be able to recoup your loss. Even with a debit card, fraudulent charges may not be covered. If you don't report your loss in two business days, your liability is up to $500. After 60 days, you'll be liable for every dollar taken out of your checking account.
But if your credit card is lost or stolen and someone uses it, your liability will not exceed $50. Even better, if your card is still in your possession and just the information is stolen, you won't be liable for a single penny. Most people will be a victim of card fraud at some point in their lives, so it's a good idea to use credit instead of debit to reduce liability. If you do want to stick with debit, report fraud immediately to keep your liability amount low.
Credit cards can be a treat, but watch out for the tricks
For all the treats, there may be a few tricks – but, thankfully, they're avoidable. Here are a few credit card tricks to watch out for:
Late fees and penalty APRs: Paying your credit card bill late may result in a late fee and an increased APR. To avoid this, automate your monthly payment or just be diligent about making your payment on time. Some credit cards will waive your fee on your first offense, but you don't want to regularly forget to make your payment in a timely manner.
Balance transfer fees: If you get into debt and decide to transfer your balance to another card, you'll likely have to pay a fee of 3% to 4%. In general, only transfer balances that you can't pay off in six months or less, otherwise the fee won't be worth it.
0% introductory APR expiration: Many credit cards come with a 0% APR for 12-18 months, allowing you to carry a balance from one month to the next without accruing interest. This is great, but remember that the introductory APR will expire. For credit card newbies, it's probably a good idea to pay off the balance in full each month, even when the APR is 0%.
There are plenty of things to be afraid of — ghouls and goblins, for instance — but a credit card isn't one of them. Responsible credit card usage can help you build credit, earn rewards and reduce liability if your card is lost or stolen. The credit card tricks are all easily avoidable and the treats are aplenty. Have a happy Halloween!

Virgin Galactic s allure: space and celebritiesVirgin Galactic s allure: space and celebrities
Gujarat Chief Minister compares Narendra Modi to Sardar PatelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Uddhav meets Amit Shah after Fadnavis govt takes oathE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bar bribe: Mani says allegations baseless  meant to destroy his partyOommen Chandy, Chief Minister of Kerala, PK Kunhalikutty, Minister for Industries & IT, R.K.M Mani, Miinster for Finance, Housing & Law, during "Emerging Kerala 2012" business meeting. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 1, 2014 10:02 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 11:00 am
Day after a bar hotel owners’ representative alleged that state finance minister K M Mani sought Rs 5 crore to renew bar licences, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy rushed to the rescue of his cabinet colleague.
While Mani expressed his readiness to face any probe, Chandy said there was no question of ordering a probe as the allegation was baseless and unfortunate. “Mani is not a politician who has been functioning behind the iron wall. Nobody would believe such an allegation against Mani,” he said.
Earlier, Congress legislator T N Prathapan had asked Chandy to react to the bar owners allegation. But, Chandy disowned Prathapan, saying he should have shown restraint.
On Friday night, bar hotel owners representative Biju Ramesh had alleged that Mani , chairman of regional Christian-dominated party Kerala Congress (M), had sought Rs 5 crore for renewing the bar licence. He said Mani was paid Rs 1 crore in two installments, but the rest of the amount was not paid as it became evident it would be a futile exercise.
Bar hotel owner Ramesh had said he had the recorded version of the conversation with Mani and was ready to hand over the evidence to any investigating agency.
Reacting to the allegation, Mani told the media in Kottayam on Saturday that the charges were baseless. “There is a conspiracy behind the allegation.  Such allegations could not destroy the Kerala Congress (M).”
Mani said he did not think that Chief Minister Oommen Chandy was behind the allegation, but Mani’s party leader P C George said he has every reason to suspect that Chandy’s “A” faction in the Congress was behind the allegation.
“Chandy is integral part of the A group in Congress. Without Chandy there is no “A” group. The faction has been resorted to a dirty approach towards Kerala Congress,” said George, also a Government Chief whip.
On George’s barb, Chandy said he (George) is known for saying anything.
Mani’s Kerala Congress (M) is the second leading partner of the Congress in the United Democratic Front after the Indian Union Muslim League. Chandy cannot antagonize Mani as his government is running on a majority of three members in the Assembly.
Besides, CPI (M) had made overtures to Mani in the past in a bid to topple the Congress government. Last month, Kerala Congress (M) had openly stated that Mani is the most eligible leader to become the chief minister.
 

There will be better governance  change in work culture: CM Devendra FadnavisDevendra Fadnavis, the second youngest CM in Maharashtra and BJP’s first, spoke to Shubhangi Khapre. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:43 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 11:20 am
Devendra Fadnavis, the second youngest chief minister in Maharashtra and BJP’s first, is known to lead from the front, with a track record of being upright and hardworking. In an interview, Fadnavis says there cannot be any compromise on corruption while promising to take Maharashtra to the pole position in terms of all-round growth.
What will be the top priority of the BJP government in Maharashtra?
My government’s main thrust will be on improving governance. Whether it is central government or state, ultimately they are the service providers addressing the larger policies related to the welfare of the people. I firmly believe the people of Maharashtra deserve better governance. They deserve policies that are well executed within the specific period of time, which means there cannot be any space for corrupt practices in the administration. The perception of a government is very important if we have to take the state ahead. It augers well for the climate of healthy investment in the state. You cannot usher rapid development without effective governance. You will see a change in work culture.
Which according to you are critical areas of concern in Maharashtra?
High on the agenda would be infrastructure, which includes power, irrigation and roads. Ultimately, if we have to attract major investments in the state, it is mandatory to have good infrastructure. We would require good roads, ports and airports. Secondly, we have to make concerted attempts to improve productivity in the agriculture sector. Since state agriculture productivity is low, the minimum support price allocated from central funds works out low, thus affecting our farmers. Forty five per cent of the state population depends on agriculture. Apart from benefits to the farmers, the failure of the state to achieve its target of 4 per cent agriculture growth has impacted overall state GDP.
You always favoured statehood for Vidarbha. Now that you are the CM, what are your views?
In principle, the BJP has adopted the theory of smaller states with a single objective of effective governance. Please try to understand that the decision will have to be taken by the Centre. I would also like to point out that when BJP talks of smaller states it ensures the creation of new state with people’s participation. It ensures a smooth process. Take the examples of the creation of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Uttarakhand. The Atal Bihari Vajpayee government completed the process without any violence or inculcating hatred among the people within the two states, whereas the Congress engineers a division in a state, dividing the people and generating hatred. Now, take the case of Andhra Pradesh. The Congress divided Andhra Pradesh to create Telangana and left the people divided because it was politically driven.
What according to you went wrong in the 15 years of Congress-NCP governance in Maharashtra?
Maharashtra has always centred its continued…

Express 5: 3081 cases registered in 1984 riots  only 49 were handed life term; CM Fadnaviss maiden move is anti-graftWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:42 am
1. 1984 RIOTS:
It was October 31, 1984. Walking to his house in Trilokpuri Block 32, Mansa Singh noticed the local butcher, Kishori Lal, skinning a lamb that hung from his shop’s ceiling. He thought nothing of it then. A day later, he watched the butcher using the same knife to chop off his son Darshan’s arms. Singh hid helplessly, paralysed behind a clothes line. He saw his sons dragged out of the house by Kishori Lal, who was leading a mob, saw them attacked with knives and iron rods. “I lost three sons in front of my eyes. They were cut to pieces and beaten to death with iron rods. I could not save my children. I don’t know why God has kept me alive. I don’t wish this on my worst enemies,” says 74-year-old Singh, sitting in a two-room flat in Tilak Vihar. Photographs of his three sons, his brother Kripal Singh and eldest daughter-in-law Amarti Kaur adorn the otherwise barren walls of the house.
Read More: 49 were handed life terms, most got away with murder
2. CM’s MAIDEN MOVE
In a significant anti-graft move soon after taking over as the Chief Minister on Friday evening, Devendra Fadnavis directed the authorities to submit a proposal that can do away with the norm mandating prior sanction of the government for probes against elected representatives, senior bureaucrats and police officers in corruption cases. Currently, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) requires the government’s nod to prosecute or conduct an “open inquiry” into graft charges against senior officials and functionaries.
Read More: CM Devendra Fadnavis’s maiden move is anti-graft
3. NEW ICCR CHIEF
He is fluent in 16 languages, has over 596 publications to his name, and was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2006 for “his contributions to academic life and public discourse”, but when Lokesh Chandra was appointed as India’s cultural czar Thursday, quite a few eyebrows were raised. Why would the BJP government choose an 87-year-old Indira Gandhi loyalist, with links to leaders of the erstwhile Soviet Union, for its first big-ticket appointment in the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) — as president of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), the country’s cultural interface with the world?
4. OPINION
 
There are several reasons why the case for retaining the NREGA employment system, as argued by 28 of India’s leading economists, should be dismissed. First, India’s leading economists are likely to be just plain wrong, and naïvely so, in their assessment of the worth of the NREGA. While this job provision programme has been christened the Mahatma Gandhi NREGA, I feel it is important to not besmirch the Mahatma’s memory with such a corrupt programme.
Read More: No proof required: PDS or NREGA, corruption must go on
5. SPORTS
Former India captain Mohd Azharuddin’s son Asaduddin will be another star-son to rise this forthcoming domestic season. Asad, who merely attended one week’s trials in Kanpur, was selected in Uttar Pradesh’s 15-member squad on Friday for the zonal Vijay Hazare Trophy to be played in Nagpur. Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association (UPCA) secretary Rajeev Shukla said that Azhar was keen on his son — a middle-order batsman — representing UP where he was a MP from Moradabad in the last Lok Sabha.

REVIEW: Airtel’s Smart SIM is a good option for those with multiple phonesThe Airtel Smart SIM costs Rs 300
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:47 am
One of the pain points of being a tech reviewer is the constant hassle of managing SIM cards that work with the different phones. I try and get over this the old fashioned way, by using multiple SIMs — a nano SIM, a micro SIM and a full SIM. But on last count, I had acquired over five phone numbers in the process.
There is another way out of this problem, a SIM adapter. Earlier this year, I bought myself one on an ecommerce site. This cheap Chinese kit, gives you nano to micro and micro to full SIM adapters, which when used together solve all your problems. However, it is a cheap fix and if you don’t use cello tape to hold the SIM inside the adapter, the SIM will come out inside the phone and damage it.
A Chinese SIM adapter. See the cello tape strips to hold the SIM in place
However, I recently got to use the new Airtel Smart SIM. It is the same thing as the Chinese SIM adapter, but made with better quality and precision. The slots are tight and hold the SIM in place so that it does not fall out while you are inserting or pulling it out of the phone. I initially used the nano SIM while testing the iPhone 6 and converted it into a micro SIM for the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review. The switch worked perfectly and the SIM stayed in place. I couldn’t use the regular SIM adapter as a phone with the larger slot is hard to find these days.
The Airtel Smart SIM can be purchased for Rs 300 with 1GB data and Rs 100 worth of talk time pre-loaded. While it is a good option for those looking for a new SIM, I suggest people who use multiple phones switch over. For those who are not on an Airtel connection, it might be a good idea to buy one of these number just to use the perfectly crafted adapters.

On way to Wankhede  all were for Modi  none for his Swachh Bharat Abhiyan(Right) Supporters trample BJP flags while rushing out of Wankhede; (left) on way to the venue. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Dipti Nagpaul | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:37 am
It’s five minutes to 4.26 pm – the ‘muhurata’ for Devendra Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra’s chief minister. Finished with their box of snacks distributed complimentary, a group of BJP workers from Vijaynagar, Nashik, seated in the Sunil Gavaskar Pavilion at the Wankhede Stadium, starts to chant Modi’s name, more out of boredom than real enthusiasm that hours of travel and the unrelenting heat has sapped them of. No senior BJP leaders are yet in sight.
Soon, the entire stand erupts with calls of ‘Modi ji tum aage chalo, hum tumhare saath hain’, crowds bring out their BJP paper flags. There’s little doubt that the 35,000-strong audience assembled at the stadium is here to see their PM, and that Fadnavis’s swearing-in ceremony is merely an excuse.
For most, it was simply a reason to party.
The bus from Dahisar’s Shiv Mandir in Anand Nagar was supposed to leave for Wankhede at 1 pm. But it’s nearing 1.10 pm and there is no sign of either the people or the bus, arranged by the BJP president of Ward 2, Bhakti Singh. The first supporter to arrive, Ashok Mishra, says sourcing the BJP paraphernalia, flags and such, caused the delay. Soon, a group of close to 15 men and two women, mostly Gujaratis, gather. The mood is festive and scarves in orange and green bearing BJP’s party symbol are distributed.
The bus leaves at 2 pm. A pit-stop is made to collect a parcel of snacks and a few “kalkatta saada”. The moment we hit the highway, the bus gathers speed and the ward’s treasurer, Vivek Seth, takes out a box of samosas. Soon, everyone is handed out a paper plate; samosas, kachoris and barfi follow. There’s a suggestion to play antakshari. Thwarted by Seth, Bharti Dave, a mahila adhyaksh with the ward, instead says, “Let’s sing Modiji’s praises.” They settle for films songs on the bus radio, until the system goes kaput.
While some go for a second helping, a plate of leftovers is flung out of the window by an aged gentleman sitting in front. The initial spell of silence, perhaps triggered by a reporter’s presence among them, is soon overcome by Dave’s suggestion to use a plastic bag. “Modiji ne Swachh Bharat Abhiyan chalaya hai,” she announces.
As the refuse is being collected in the bag, jibes at Shiv Sena are rife. “Let’s send the leftovers to Matoshree,” someone offers.
Since we are behind schedule, the group decides to take the sea link. But the vote is unanimous: “We won’t pay the toll”.
When the bus queues up a the toll counter, waving the BJP flag does the trick. A loud cheer and a call of ‘Bharat Mata ki jai’ follows.
The demonstration of patriotism hits a feverish pitch continued…

Nokia set to suspend operations at Chennai p...Nokia all set to suspend operations at Chennai plant on Saturday
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 06.53PM IST
Tags:
Chennai plant
(In a separate tax case, the…)
CHENNAI: Finnish telecom major Nokia will suspend its mobile handset production at Sriperumbudur plant from tomorrow, while a financial package of Rs 7.5-9 lakh has been finalised for the last 900 employees.
Though the company had offered voluntary retirement scheme for 5,600 employees at the facility post the Nokia-Microsoft USD 7.5-billion deal, the fate of about 900 employees had "remained uncertain" following the suspension of production at the plant.
Soon after the announcement of Nokia suspending production at the facility from November 1, political parties were up against the move seeking intervention of the state government to take over the plant considering the future of about 900 employees.
According to Nokia India Employees Union sources, some of the workers have been working since the plant began its operations in 2006.
Several round of talks between the management, employees and labour department were held over last two days and settlement was reached tonight.
In a statement issued today, Nokia said the tripartite meeting resulted on a "financial package" for the employees.
"We can confirm that constructive discussions with Union representatives and labour commissioner have resulted in agreement on a financial package for Chennai factory personnel," a company statement said.
Though the statement did not reveal on the details about the "financial package", sources in the Nokia India Employees Union said it was around Rs 7.50 lakh to Rs 9 lakh that was offered per employee.
"The settlement that was offered depends upon the experience of the employees. They have told us it would include the November and December month salaries," an employee told PTI here.
Nokia began its operations at plant near here, the second biggest facilities by any global firm, in 2006 after Korean auto major Hyundai's came up with its plant in the late 1990s.
The plant directly employed 8,000 people of which 60 per cent of them comprise women, and another 25,000 were associated indirectly with the firm when the facility was operating in full swing.
The facility was producing some of the basic GSM handsets and was serving the local market, besides exports.
However, its decision to sell off the handset business to Microsoft Corp in a USD 7.5-billion deal early this year forced to keep the factory out of the agreement due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.
The Nokia-Microsoft deal was completed on April 25, 2014, but the Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft due to legal issues related to tax demand by the Indian government.
In a statement early this month, Nokia said Microsoft had informed the company it would be terminating manufacturing services defined in the deal, effective from November 1, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Karnataka’s VAT tweaks may force Amazon’s exit from the stateYou are here: Home > Collections
Karnataka’s VAT tweaks may force Amazon’s exit from the state
K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 04.54AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The section 8 is about the…)
BANGALORE: Karnataka's commercial taxes department has proposed a set of amendments to its VAT Act of 2003, which if cleared by the legislature, might well signal the end of American e-commerce giant Amazon's business in the state. The department has sought to bring e-commerce firms under the definition of 'dealer' and proposed amendments to sections 8 and 22 of the VAT Act.
The section 8 is about the 'agents' liable to pay tax while section 22 deals with the liability on the part of dealers to register with VAT authorities. If the state government were to accept these proposals and effect changes by pushing through an amendment bill, Amazon may have little choice but to exit Karnataka because the FDI regulations don't allow the Seattle-headquartered firm to register either as a dealer or as an agent.
The e-commerce giant, which reported global revenues of $74.5 billion last year, does not directly sell products in India. Instead it connects buyers and sellers through its portal, amazon.in. It woos local merchants into partnership by offering them nationwide market, modern warehousing and packaging services for their products.Officials said the finance department is vetting the draft amendments sent by the commercial taxes department.
The proposals are yet to reach Chief Minister Siddaramaiah , who also holds finance portfolio, for a final view. His senior party colleague and Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has already resisted any moves that will seek to tax e-commerce firms for merely facilitating sale transactions. Karnataka's additional chief secretary K Ratna Prabha, who heads the commerce and industries department, has written to chief secretary Kaushik Mukherjee, urging him to find a solution to the crisis and ensure Amazon does not quit the state.
Amazon is doing business in the state using its warehouse near Hoskote in Bangalore Rural district as the VAT authorities are going slow on cancelling branch certificates they had issued to dealers who have partnered with the ecommerce firm. Congress leader M Veerappa Moily, in whose Lok Sabha constituency Chikkaballapur Amazon's warehouse is located, has expressed his displeasure at the proposed amendments.
"The authorities should understand the business model of e-commerce firms. Amazon, for example, is only a platform. You cannot tax a platform; you can only tax a commodity. No commodity can escape taxation at the appropriate stage of transaction," Moily, also a former chief minister of Karnataka, told ET. "If Karnataka does not want to encourage companies like Amazon, it is shutting out vast business and investment opportunity, and also tax revenues from potential growth in e-commerce business."
Tamil Nadu's finance department, too, is pushing for amendments to its VAT laws to accommodate e-commerce business, but in ways different than that in Karnataka. The VAT authorities in the neighbouring state are pushing for amendments that will require e-commerce firms to share details of transactions carried out through their portals and the dealers involved.
The VAT authorities in Tamil Nadu are not bothered much about the nature of business model followed by an e-tailer as long as tax is paid on sale transactions. Meanwhile, Amazon is building a modern warehouse in Tamil Nadu to serve the Chennai market. Earlier this month, Tamil Nadu's commercial taxes commissioner Rajaraman had told ET: "We will issue branch certificate to dealers partnering with e-commerce firms upon request and expect dealers to invoice transactions. The e-commerce firms, however, are liable to disclose the information about all transactions done on their platform along with details of fulfilment centres/warehouses operated by them."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra: Pacified  but Uddhav Thackerays demand for respectable deal staysComments
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis could not stop grinning when he saw Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray enter the Wankhede Stadium for his swearing-in ceremony on Friday.
Devendra Fadnavis along with his wife Amruta (second from left) during his swearing-in ceremony. Fadnavis passed his first key test in Maharashtra Assembly, winning a trust vote. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Reason: Uddhav and his legislators had on Thursday said they wanted to boycott the function because there was no headway in the government formation talks with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Running a government backed by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and a revolt from the Sena was not something 44-year-old Fadnavis was up for.
But after a 10-day standoff between the Shiv Sena and the BJP, a few phone calls  and the realisation that not being together will be a losing proposition, the two parties seem to have decided to move in a positive direction.
For the Sena, sitting in the Opposition would have multiple repercussions, which would begin with the civic elections in 2017.
According to sources, the two sides will now start negotiations for ministerial berths from Saturday. So far, the Sena has been demanding a “respectable” deal, which is about one-third of seats and important portfolios such as home, revenue, finance, industry and public works department.
The Shiv Sena had insisted that they should be given a respectable deal if they have to lend their 63 seats to the BJP, which has 123 seats and needs 22 more for a majority. But, the BJP hasn’t made any promises as yet.
Sena MP Anil Desai, who is part of the negotiating team, said, “Both Amit Shah and Arun Jaitley have spoken to Uddhavji. He attended the function. The next round of talks will be smooth. There was no elaborate discussion on ministerial berths, but it will happen in the next few days.”
Uddhav who met Shah after the swearing-in function at the club room at Wankhede stadium, is said to have told Shah that the Sena is ready to discuss a fair amount of berths and seal the deal. Shah, too, is said to have agreed.
“The Sena is clear that it should get about one-third of seats, considering they have 63 MLAs. It seems the BJP may offer them between 5 and 10 seats, depending on the Cabinet and Minister of State posts,” a BJP source said.

Rights body awards Rs. 25k to African women racially abused by Bharti25k to African women ‘racially abused’ by Bharti
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 09:26 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 13:52 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has recommended a monetary relief of Rs. 25,000 each for 12 African women whose homes AAP leader Somnath Bharti had allegedly barged into during a midnight raid in Khirki Extension earlier this year.
The NHRC announced the compensation even as the Delhi Court waits to hear the case of alleged molestation and racial hatred that has been filed against the former Delhi law minister by the African women.
The commission, while announcing the compensation, stated that it believed that the human rights of the African women were violated and hence the case was fit for monetary relief.
The chief secretary of the Delhi government has been directed to submit a compliance report along with proof of payment within eight weeks.
In issuing the compensation, the commission relied upon the reports of retired additional district & sessions judge BL Garg and its own investigation team.
According to it, the AAP leader with his supporters humiliated the African women and wrongfully confined them in a vehicle on the ground that they were indulging in sex racket and drug trafficking. But when they were illegally searched by a lady doctor at AIIMS, no drug could be recovered, it added.
They were also abused racially.
When contacted, Somnath Bharti later issued a statement saying, “The NHRC had jumped to some unjustified conclusions without having followed the principles of natural justice and not getting his version of events.
“The matter is sub-judice and it is beyond any reasonable understanding that the NHRC has arrived at conclusions without waiting for the outcome of the court proceedings. I have filed an application seeking reinvestigation and a probe into the role of the police,” Bharti said.

Nokia Chennai plant to suspend operations from todayNokia Chennai plant to suspend ops from today
PTI  Chennai, November 01, 2014
First Published: 07:52 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:54 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Eight years after it came into being as one of the world's largest mobile manufacturing facilities, Finnish telecom major Nokia's Chennai plant is all set to suspend operations from Saturday due to its exclusion from the Microsoft-Nokia deal.
Nokia started operations at Sriperumbudur plant near Chennai, the second biggest facilities by any global firm, in 2006 after Korean auto major Hyundai's came up with its plant in the late 1990s.
After inking the agreement with the Tamil Nadu government in 2004, Nokia began operations at the facility. It directly employed 8,000 people and another 25,000 were associated indirectly with the firm when the facility was operating in full swing.
The facility was producing some of the basic GSM handsets. It was serving the local market, besides exports. However, its decision to sell off the handset business to Microsoft Corp in a $ 7.5-billion deal early this year forced to keep the factory out of the agreement due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.
In March, the Tamil Nadu government served a Rs. 2,400 crore tax notice on Nokia, saying the firm had also sold products from the Chennai plant in the domestic market, instead of shipping them overseas.
In a separate tax case, the Supreme Court had ordered Nokia India on March 14 to give a Rs. 3,500 crore guarantee before it transfers the plant to Microsoft.
The Nokia-Microsoft deal was completed on April 25, 2014, but the Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft due to legal issues related to tax demand by the Indian government.
In a statement early this month, Nokia said Microsoft had informed the company it would be terminating manufacturing services defined in the deal, effective from November 1, 2014.
"In the absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility from November 1," Nokia said.
The company had also said the asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long-term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem.

We asked how to fix Social Security. Here’s what you said.By Martha M. Hamilton October 27
(Illustration by Melinda Beck)
About a month ago, the Post invited readers to chime in on what they thought were the best ways to fix Social Security . 
With the help of the Center for Retirement Research , we presented an array of 12 solutions commonly suggested for the retirement system, which is projected to be so depleted that it will be unable to pay full benefits by 2033.  Then we asked readers to pick the options they would consider.
 
This week we’re reporting on the solutions that have resonated with the most readers. We’re tallying the results we’ve seen so far, but you can still check out the graphic and choose the solutions you think would work best. 
If you make more, you should pay more.
The most popular solution, chosen in 71 percent of the nearly 3,600 votes submitted as of last week, was a proposal to gradually raise the amount of earnings on which Social Security taxes must be paid over 10 years until 90 percent of all earnings are covered. Today only an estimated 82.5 percent of all earnings are covered.
The difference? This year, a worker stops having to pay Social Security tax on any earnings beyond $117,000. For some workers, that means a bump in take-home pay each paycheck after. But if 90 percent of all earnings were covered and taxed by Social Security, the earnings cap would be $250,200, based on the intermediate assumptions of the 2014 Social Security Trustees Report. Even though plans to raise the cap would also include increasing benefits for higher earners, this change would still erase 20 percent of Social Security’s projected shortfall in 2033, the year in which it would no longer be able to pay full benefits.
This change would touch very few workers, so maybe it’s no surprise it was the most frequently chosen solution in a survey that allowed readers to choose more than one solution. The Social Security Administration estimates that only 5.7 percent of all workers will exceed the cap this year. Many of the 94.3 percent of workers who pay the tax on every dollar they earn don’t even realize there is an earnings cap.
But interest in increasing the earnings cap also underlines an important reason that Social Security is vulnerable to running out of enough money to pay full benefits. Although the increase in life expectancy and the retirement of the baby boom are often fingered as the culprits, “more of the shortfall is caused by slow and unequal wage gains,” said Monique Morrissey of the Economic Policy Institute.
Even way back in 1983, the last time steps were taken to keep Social Security on a solid footing and when the oldest baby boomers were a mere 37,  folks involved in fixing Social Security could foresee the baby boom’s eventual retirement and forecast that there would be fewer workers paying taxes per retiree receiving Social Security benefits, Morrissey said.
“The estimate of the future relationship between beneficiaries and workers was just about the same in 1983,when the program was last in balance,” according to a report by the 1994-1996 Advisory Council on Social Security. “In other words, the fundamental ratio of beneficiaries to workers was fully taken into account in the 1983 financing provisions and, as a matter of fact, was known and taken into account well before that.”
But there was an unforeseen change in the economic landscape that has led to less money than expected flowing into Social Security; a slowdown in the average wage index, which is used to calculate increases in  the Social Security earnings cap. Adjusting the cap based on that index was expected to help prevent erosion in the percentage of earnings taxed, which had been 92 percent at the beginning of the program in 1937 and, after amendments to the Social Security Act in 1977 reached 90 percent in 1983.
But it didn’t work because wage growth slowed. In the five years leading up to 1983, the average annual wage increase as calculated by Social Security was 8.256 percent. In the five years leading up to 2014, the average was 1.676 percent. Certainly the Great Recession had something to do with the slowdown–the average wage index went down by 1.51 percent in 2009, the year the recession hit bottom.
But the slowdown in wages also reflects the growth in income inequality in the U.S. because the earnings of the most highly paid workers have grown faster than average earnings.
The Federal Reserve Board’s Survey of Consumer Finance released in September found that the top 3 percent of families accounted for 30.5 percent of income in 2013, down slightly from a pre-recession high of 31.4 percent in 2007 but up substantially from about 25 percent in 1989. The bottom 90 percent of families’ share of income fell to 52.7 percent while the share of income for the 7 percent of families in the top 10 percent of earners but not in the top 3 percent, stayed at about 17 percent. The data “confirm that the shares of income and wealth held by affluent families are at modern historically high levels,” according to the study. It also notes that “the gains in income and wealth shares have been concentrated among the top few percentiles of the distribution.”
In other words, the very rich are getting very much richer with a relatively small percentage of their earnings subject to Social Security taxes. For instance, someone with $500,000 in annual earnings would be out from under today’s $117,000 earnings cap in about three months.
Since benefits are based on earnings, raising the earnings cap would mean that better-off recipients would also have their benefits increased, although not in proportion to their increased taxes. That is because Social Security benefits are structured to replace more of the earnings of the lowest earning recipients and a smaller percent of the income of top earners.
But raising the cap “would constitute a massive tax increase on high earners, effectively adding 12 percentage points to the top tax rate,” argues Andrew G. Biggs, resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
Biggs said that after all new tax rates and the elimination of exemptions are included, the top marginal tax rate is about 43 percent today. Eliminating the cap for Social Security “would raise that top rate into the 60s, and adding state income taxes could leave many high earners paying 70 percent” in taxes on the highest portion of their earnings.
“Most European countries have long since abandoned such high tax rates,” said Biggs. “It would be ironic and economically damaging if the U.S. replicated them.”
Still, other surveys also have found support for raising the cap. A National Academy of Social Insurance survey released in January, 2013 found that 7 out of 10 surveyed backed a combination of changes including raising the earnings cap gradually over 10 years until the wage cap disappeared entirely.
On the other hand, Biggs noted that President Franklin Roosevelt’s original design for Social Security didn’t include the wealthy as participants, either as tax payers or recipients. But the exemption for the wealthy was eliminated when the program was implemented, Biggs said, “to differentiate Social Security from a welfare program. That’s been a key to the political support for the program: there’s a strong perception that people have paid for the benefits they’re receiving, versus a welfare plan where one group pays and a different group receives.
“Eliminating the payroll tax ceiling would alter Social Security in a pretty fundamental way, such that high earners wouldn’t feel the same stake in preserving the program,” he said.
Read More:

A pianist asked The Washington Post to remove a critical concert review under the E.U.’s “right ot be forgotten” rulingBy Caitlin Dewey October 31 Follow @caitlindewey
(Google)
The pianist Dejan Lazic , like many artists and performers, is occasionally the subject of bad reviews. Also like other artists, he reads those reviews. And disagrees with them. And gripes over them, sometimes.
But because Lazic lives in Europe, where in May the European Union ruled that individuals have a “right to be forgotten” online, he decided to take the griping one step further: On Oct. 30, he sent The Washington Post a request to remove a 2010 review by Post classical music critic Anne Midgette  that – he claims — has marred the first page of his Google results for years.
( Read Anne Midgette’s review here )
It’s the first request The Post has received under the E.U. ruling. It’s also a truly fascinating, troubling demonstration of how the ruling could work.
“To wish for such an article to be removed from the internet has absolutely nothing to do with censorship or with closing down our access to information,” Lazic explained in a follow-up e-mail to The Post. Instead, he argued, it has to do with control of one’s personal image — control of, as he puts it, “the truth.”
For those of you who have forgotten (heh) the details of the “right to be forgotten” since the E.U. enshrined it in May, the basic premise is this: Individuals have the right to their personal information, so they should also have some control over their personal search results. If a search for your name on Google or Bing turns up “inadequate, irrelevant or … excessive” links, the court ruled, you should be able to ask the search engine to remove them.
Leaving aside the fact that Lazic’s request is misdirected, under the ruling — it applies to search engines, not publishers, and only within the E.U. — its implications are kind of terrifying. We ought to live in a world, Lazic argues, where everyone — not only artists and performers but also politicians and public officials — should be able to edit the record according to their personal opinions and tastes. (“Politicians are people just like you and me,” he explains.) This is all in pursuit of some higher, objective truth.
Of course, there are two truths in this situation, as there are two or more truths in most.
In Lazic’s version, Midgette mischaracterized his 2010 performance at the Kennedy Center and slandered him as a performer, out of ignorance or malice. (“Defamatory, mean-spirited, opinionated, one-sided, offensive [and] simply irrelevant for the arts,” is how he put it.)
In Midgette’s version, Lazic’s performance wasn’t dreadful, but it didn’t live up to what she expected of a performer with, to quote the review, such “prodigious gifts.” So she gave him a tepid review, peppered with references to Lazic’s achievements. Not eviscerating. Not a “slam.” But a criticism, sure.
“I tried to make it very clear in my review that I thought this was a pianist of significant ability, and for that I thought he could do better than he did,” Midgette said. From the review:
His recital of Chopin and Schubert on Saturday was unfortunately on the same spectrum. The selection of those two composers is usually a way to demonstrate a pianist’s sensitivity as well as his virtuosity. This performance, though, kept one eye fixed on monumentality. Some of the pieces, such as Chopin’s Scherzo No. 2, sounded less like light solo piano works than an attempt to rival the volume of a concerto with full orchestra. This scherzo became cartoon-like in its lurches from minutely small to very, very large.
It’s not that Lazic isn’t sensitive – or profoundly gifted. The very first notes of Chopin’s Andante Spianato and Grande Polonaise Brillante at the start of the program signalled that he can do anything he wants at the keyboard, detailing chords with a jeweler’s precision, then laying little curls of notes atop a cushion of sound like diamonds nestled on velvet. Again and again, throughout the afternoon, he showed what a range of colors he could get out of the instrument, switching from hard-edged percussiveness to creamy legato, crackling chords to a single thread of sound. The sheer technical ability was, at first, a delight.
Whose truth is right: the composer’s or the critic’s? And more critically, who gets to decide?
It’s a question that goes far beyond law or ethics, frankly — it’s also baldly metaphysical, a struggle with the very concept of reality and its determinants. Lazic (and to some extent, the European court) seem to believe that the individual has the power to determine what is true about himself, as mediated by the search engines that process his complaints.
Accordingly, in the three months after the “right to be forgotten” ruling went into effect, Google approved 53 percent of take-down requests on first application, and an additional 15 percent upon further review.
Those removals included articles from the Guardian about a former Scottish soccer referee who lied about granting a penalty kick, a BBC article that discussed a Merrill Lynch banker’s role in the financial crisis, and a report in the Daily Mail about an airline that had been accused of racism by a Muslim job applicant. And they proceeded despite the fact that, as Google complained in a filing to regulators, “in many cases we lack the larger factual context for a request, without which it is difficult to balance competing interests.”
Of course, all that balancing and fact-gathering is generally outsourced to journalists. Now, at least in Europe, there’s a sense that personally involved individuals are somehow furthest from bias, somehow closest the truth.
“I so often listen to a concert, and then the next day read about it in the newspapers — read something that is simply too far from the truth,” Lazic complained. “This is something I, as an artist, am seeking and looking for my whole life: the truth.”
Never mind that such an attitude torpedoes the very foundation of arts criticism, a pursuit that even Lazic says makes us “better off as a society.” Never mind that it essentially invalidates the primary function of journalism, which is to sift through competing, individual storylines for the one that most closely mirrors a collective reality. Or that it undermines the greatest power of the Web, as a record and a clearinghouse for our vast intellectual output.
“I can’t imagine that journalism would have to abide by such strictures,” Midgette said. “Once something is in a paper, it’s a matter of public record, and then it’s on the record for better or worse; isn’t that so?”
It’s so in the United States, at least. But Europe seems to have different priorities for truth.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

What Can Mandela’s Jail Cell Teach Us About Leadershipreddit
I believe that Nelson Mandela was the greatest political leader of the 20th century -- because of his 27 years of spiritual formation in prison. Visiting Mandela's jail cell on Robben Island was the most emotional moment of my visit to South Africa this past summer. How could such a small place so change the world?
I found this quote by Mandela when I visited the Apartheid Museum in Johannesburg on my last day in South Africa. It's about how "the cell" drove him much deeper into his interior life. I think his words are a good reflection for us as we choose our elected leaders next week:
The cell is an ideal place to know yourself. People tend to measure themselves by external accomplishments, but jail allows a person to focus on internal ones, such as honesty, sincerity, simplicity, humility, generosity and an absence of variety. You learn to look into yourself.
Let's reflect on that quote, both personally as leaders in the faith, and politically as we confront a very depressing election.
Know yourself. That is such different advice from what our candidates and other leaders get from their advisers and pollsters and boards of directors who want them to know their audience, their constituency, their potential voters or consumers -- but not so much themselves. Leaders are often being told to "be who they need you to be," and seldom are they invited to go deeper into themselves.
External accomplishments. Leaders' lives are dominated by exteriority -- both in putting yourself and your ideas out there and by the feedback you get in return. That's natural for leading in the public sphere, but it can lead to defining yourself entirely by the outward life -- what you think and what people think of you -- to the great and dangerous neglect of the inward life. And that easily deteriorates into deciding what you think by what others think or want from you -- how their perceptions define your self-projection. The degeneration into "spinning" what leaders say and do is most painfully evident in an election season like this one. Ask yourself if the candidates you are voting for show more than external results, but also what guides their leadership -- what is inside them. Leaders should indeed create external consequences but without being defined by them.
Internal accomplishments. Because exteriority is so dominant for leaders, their interiority can be hard to find. It took jail for Mandela to force the journey to the interior life and define his success by what he could accomplish internally. Both external demands and lack of time are key factors here. Most leaders struggle to find even a little time for quiet space, moments of reflection, or the spiritual disciplines that take our lives to deeper places. The few political leaders that do rigorously carve out private space testify to the enormous difference it makes in their lives and their leadership.
Honesty. What works is more valued by many leaders than what's right. Being honest, especially with oneself, is so hard to do when the demand to be successful is such a daily requirement. Telling the truth -- and more importantly, living truthfully -- is the moral foundation for genuine leadership. Putting the best story forward, telling things in their best light, or interpreting things in the most positive way can so easily lead to deception, even self-deception. Political scandals abound when politicians deceive themselves. For people of faith, knowing that God knows the truth about us is a vital measure of accountability.
Sincerity. Saying what you mean and meaning what you say makes for the kind of leaders that so many are hungry for these days. People don't expect sincerity anymore from leaders, and that political cynicism becomes very dangerous. Deciding what you believe or think, then acting upon that in ways that are very transparent to the people around you, creates necessary transparency in society rather than the insincerity and opacity we have come to expect.
Simplicity. The systems we've constructed are so complicated, so it's easy to lose how simple, direct, and clear true leadership is. Simplicity is not shallowness. On the contrary, being simple means cutting through all the distractions and complexities of life to get to the heart of the matter, the plain truths we need to tell, and the clear choices we have to make. Good leaders understand the depth of the problems we have to solve but keep their purposes, goals, and directions both simple and clear.
Humility. This is absolutely the hardest thing for leaders of all kinds. It's so easy to listen to those warm and excessive introductions before you speak, or to enjoy audience responses too much, or to believe your press clippings. Instead, we need to always be aware of our human limitations, moral shortcomings, and how much we really do need the people around us -- especially those closest to us. Leadership can easily cause us to forget our sins and how much we daily need the forgiveness and grace of a loving God -- which is the reason for our humility.
Generosity. How much we give, not how much we get, should be the test of leadership. There are far too many perks, privileges, and prerogatives for leaders today. The essence of leadership, from a moral and religious perspective, is essentially service -- to our neighbors and to the world that God wants us to take responsibility for. How generous are we with our time, energy, gifts, and resources to all the people and needs that surround us, and how does our generosity create the new opportunities that people are so hungry for?
Variety. We live in a world that loves to offer us a continuous variety of things and experiences to accumulate, all of which command our time and attention. And leaders are offered the most variety of life's attractions, stealing our focus from the things in most need of our attention. Leaders mush push away all of the "stuff" that preoccupies them in order to really lead.
Look into yourself. That is the continual pilgrimage that leaders most need, and whether we continue that journey will determine the quality of our leadership. Interiority must undergird our exteriority. Internal accomplishments must shape the external ones. We saw that in how Mandela was always ready to challenge his allies as well as his adversaries, doing what he thought was right instead of what was easy or attractive, going deeper instead of just going along.
This is a good week to unpack Mandela's succinct description of what his jail cell allowed him to do and of what true leadership really is. Let's examine ourselves by these simple words. And let's ask these questions of both ourselves and of our political leaders -- especially as we go to vote.
Jim Wallis is president of Sojourners . His book, The (Un)Common Good: How the Gospel Brings Hope to a World Divided , the updated and revised paperback version of On God's Side, is available now.
Follow Jim Wallis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jimwallis
More:

Corporate : Filatex India to set up plant  machinery at its existing unit at DahejCorporate : Filatex India to set up plant  machinery at its existing unit at Dahej
Federer derailed as Raonic keeps London bid aliveFederer derailed as Raonic keeps London bid alive
Fadnavis sworn in Maharashtra CMFadnavis sworn in Maharashtra CM
Uddhav Thackeray meets Amit Shah after Devendra Fadnavis govt takes oathUddhav Thackeray meets Amit Shah after Devendra Fadnavis govt takes oath
PM Modi greets people of Chhattisgarh on their foundation dayPM Modi greets people of Chhattisgarh on their foundation day
Suzlon Energy reports consolidated net loss of Rs 656.21 crore in the September 2014 quarterSuzlon Energy reports consolidated net loss of Rs 656.21 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Devendra Fadnavis takes oath as first BJP CM of Maharashtra    Devendra Fadnavis takes oath as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 17:57 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah, business tycoons were present on the occassion
 
 
Devendra Fadnavis on Friday sworn-in as first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra at  function  at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium.
Report said that Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray also agreed to attend swearing-in ceremony after last-minute call from BJP President Amit Shah.
BJP had sent out invites to Shiv Sena chief Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the event, says report. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah, business tycoons were present on the occassion.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 14:00 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

GAIL Q2 net profit at Rs1303 crores    GAIL Q2 net profit at Rs1303 crores
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 14:17 IST
Total Income has increased from Rs. 142243.70 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 144185.30 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
 
 
Gail (India) Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 13029.00 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 9156.70 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
Total Income has increased from Rs. 142243.70 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 144185.30 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Segment-wise Revenue
During the second quarter of the current financial year, the sales from Natural Gas Marketing during the second quarter of the current financial year stood at Rs 11,819 crore as against Rs 12,378 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenue from Natural Gas Transmission business was Rs 767 crore as against Rs 1,067 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The net sales from Petrochemicals business increased by 13% to Rs 1,281 crore, as against Rs 1,134 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenue from LPG and Liquid Hydrocarbons business increased by 64% to Rs 1,704 crore, as against Rs 1,039 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenues from LPG transmission during the second quarter of the current financial year were Rs 98 crore as against Rs 95 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Physical Performance
During the second quarter of the current financial year, the Natural Gas sales were 68.95 MMSCMD against 78.58 MMSCMD during the corresponding period of previous year. The Natural Gas transmission during the second quarter of the current financial year was 91.18 MMSCMD against 95.21 MMSCMD in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG transmission during the second quarter of the current financial year was 701 TMT, as against 729 TMT during the corresponding period of previous year. The petrochemical production was 119 TMT against 114 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The petrochemical sales during the second quarter of the current financial year were 110 TMT against 108 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon production during the second quarter of the current financial year was 322 TMT against 336 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon sales during the second quarter of the current financial year were 322 TMT against 337 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year.
Half-Yearly Performance
GAIL registered a turnover (net of Excise Duty) of Rs 27,400 crore in the first half of FY 2014-15, up from Rs 26,800 crore turnover in the corresponding period of previous year. GAIL's Net Profit after tax for the first half of the FY 2014-15 increased by 12% to Rs 1,924 crore as against Rs 1,724 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year. The Gross Margin increased by 9% to Rs 3,528 crore in the first half of the current financial year as against Rs 3,251 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The Profit Before Tax increased by 14% to Rs 2,873 crore as against Rs 2,512 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Segment-wise Revenue
During the first half of the current financial year, the revenues from Natural Gas Marketing was Rs 23,488 crore as against Rs 23,437 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenues from Natural Gas Transmission stood at Rs 1,427 crore as against Rs 2,066 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenues from LPG transmission during the first half of the current financial year went up by 11% to Rs 209 crore as against Rs 189 crore in the corresponding period last year. The net sales from Petrochemicals were Rs 2,274 crore as against Rs 2,237 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The net sales from LPG and Liquid Hydrocarbons business during the first half of the current financial year increased by 45% to Rs 2,964 crore as against Rs 2,043 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Physical Performance
During the first half of the current financial year, petrochemical production was 217 TMT, as against 231 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The petrochemical sales during the first half of the current financial year were 197 TMT, as against 229 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon production during the first half of the current financial year were 649 TMT, against 685 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon sales during the first half of the current financial year were 645 TMT against 687 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG transmission during the first half of the current financial year was 1,533 TMT, up by 7 percent against 1,428 TMT in the corresponding period of the previous year. The Natural Gas transmission during the first half of the current financial year was 94.03 MMSCMD, against 97.25 MMSCMD in the corresponding period of previous year. The Natural Gas sales during the first half of FY 2014-15 were 72.72 MMSCMD, against 80.33 MMSCMD in the corresponding period of previous year.

M&amp;M Q2 net profit at Rs. 9.47bn    M&M Q2 net profit at Rs. 9.47bn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 13:32 IST
Total Income is Rs. 100.29 billion for the September quarter ended September 30, 2014
 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 9466.30 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at net profit of Rs. 9895.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income is Rs. 100291.90 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 92902.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 14:00 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

ITC Q2 PAT at Rs. 2425 crores    ITC Q2 PAT at Rs. 2425 crores
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 12:49 IST
Total Income is Rs. 93799.60 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 81087.20 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
 
 
ITC Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 24251.60 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at net profit of Rs. 22305.30 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income is Rs. 93799.60 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 81087.20 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
The Scheme of Arrangement between Wimco Limited ('Wimco') and the Company became effective on June 27, 2014 on filing of the Order of the Hon'ble High Court with the respective Registrar of Companies. The Scheme, with effect from April 01, 2013, provided for the demerger of the Non Engineering Business of Wimco into the Company. 
Pavan Poplar Limited and Prag Agro Farm Limited have become direct subsidiaries of the Company with effect from June 27, 2014, consequent upon the Scheme becoming effective.
FMCG- Others 
Amidst a sluggish consumer demand environment, the Branded Packaged Foods Businesses recorded further improvement in market standing during the quarter growing well ahead of the industry across most categories. In the Staples, Spices and Ready-to-Eat Foods Business, 'Aashirvaad' atta  recorded robust growth driven by premium variants and the 'Select' offering which continues to gain impressive consumer franchise. During the quarter, the Bakery and Confectionery Foods Business launched the 'Sunfeast Mom's Magic' range of premium cookies in two variants - 'Cashew & Almond' and 'Rich Butter'. The Business also forayed into the Chewing Gums segment with the launch of 'GumOn' in select markets. The products have met with favourable consumer response and are being rolled out to target markets. 
In the Snack Foods Business, 'Bingo!' registered robust growth driven by the finger snacks portfolio comprising the 'Mad Angles', 'Tedhe Medhe', 'Tangles' and 'Galata Masti' sub-brands. The recently launched 'Original Style' variants of Bingo! Yumitos potato chips also gained good traction during the quarter. In the Instant Noodles and Pasta categories, 'Sunfeast YiPPee!' sustained its high growth trajectory and enhanced market standing. 
During the quarter, the Personal Care Products Business augmented its product range in the Deodorants category with the launch of 'Engage' Cologne in six variants -  3 each for men and women. In the Personal Wash category, the Business expanded its presence in the fast-growing male grooming segment with the introduction of several new variants of Gel Bathing Bars, Shower Gels and Face Wash under the 'Fiama Di Wills' brand. These products have received encouraging consumer response and are being extended to target markets. 
Cigarettes 
  
Discriminatory and punitive taxation coupled with the growing incidence of smuggling and illegal manufacture are the biggest challenges facing the legal cigarette industry in India. These challenges were compounded during the quarter with the announcement in the Union Budget 2014 of a steep increase in Excise Duty rates including a 72% hike on filter cigarettes of 'length not exceeding 65 mm'. Such increase in Duty rates, coupled with further increase in VAT on cigarettes by some States during the quarter, will exert further pressure on legal industry volumes and sub-optimise the revenue potential from the tobacco sector. The recent Government notification mandating larger size of graphic health warnings covering 85% of the principal display area on both sides of the pack, to be effective from April 1st 2015, will adversely impact the domestic legal cigarette industry vis-?-vis both illegal cigarette trade and other unbranded tobacco products. 
High incidence of taxation and a discriminatory regulatory regime on cigarettes in India have, over the years, led to a significant shift in tobacco consumption to lightly taxed or tax evaded tobacco products like Bidi, Khaini, Chewing Tobacco and Gutkha. These cheaper and revenue inefficient products presently constitute over 88% of total tobacco consumption in the country. Thus, while overall tobacco consumption is increasing in India, the share of legal cigarettes in overall tobacco consumption has progressively declined from 21% in 1981-82 to below 12% in 2013-14. 
The imposition of discriminatory and punitive VAT rates by some States provides an attractive tax arbitrage opportunity resulting in sale of illegal stocks by criminal elements thus depriving the State Governments of their legitimate revenue share. Punitive tax rates on cigarettes have proved detrimental to revenue collection and have led to multi-fold increase in illegal trade of cigarettes without any visible decrease in overall tobacco consumption. 
The Company will continue to engage with the concerned authorities, both at the Central Government and State level, highlighting the need for moderation in tax rates on cigarettes to maximize the revenue potential from the tobacco sector and contain the growth of the illegal segment. 
Despite such a challenging business environment, the Company's unwavering focus on providing world-class products to consumers enabled it to sustain its leadership position in the industry. Consumer centricity, product innovation and quality processes have enabled the Business to deliver superior value. 
Hotels 
The Hotels industry continued to be impacted by a weak pricing scenario in the backdrop of sluggish economic conditions and the overhang of excessive room inventory in key domestic markets. Consequently, Segment Revenue growth during the quarter remained muted at 5.9%. Segment Results of the Hotels Business includes Rs. 13.4 cr. towards additional depreciation charge for the quarter due to revision in the useful life of fixed assets in accordance with the provisions of Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. 
'My Fortune Bengaluru', a flagship property under the Fortune banner in the 'upscale' segment launched in May '14, has been well received by guests. Project activity at ITC Grand Bharat - a super luxury golf and spa resort - located at the Classic Golf Resort, Manesar is nearing completion and is expected to be launched in Q3 FY15. Construction activity at the luxury hotel projects in Kolkata and Hyderabad is progressing satisfactorily. 
In line with its 'asset-right' growth strategy, the Business commenced providing operating services at WelcomHotel Jodhpur during the quarter, taking the total number of rooms under the management contract model in the 5 Star category to 1150. 
Paperboards, Paper & Packaging 
Segment Revenue recorded a growth of 8.9% while Segment Results were up 9.7% driven by higher capacity utilisation & operating efficiencies, improvement in product mix and scale-up of Cartons and Flexibles packaging business. However, input prices - particularly that of wood - remained at elevated levels during the quarter adversely impacting margins. 
The Business made good progress during the quarter towards scaling up its in-house pulp manufacturing capacity at the Bhadrachalam unit. The project is expected to be commissioned in Q3 FY15. 
Contribution to Sustainable Development
The Company's Social Investments Programme aims to address the challenges arising out of poverty, environmental degradation and climate change through a range of activities with the overarching objective of creating sustainable sources of livelihood for stakeholders. 

Chinas manufacturing growth slows in OctChina’s manufacturing growth slows in Oct
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 1:  
China's manufacturing growth slowed in October, the Government said today, as the world’s second-largest economy expands at its weakest pace in five years.
China’s official purchasing managers index (PMI), a measure of activity in the sector, came in at 50.8 last month, Xinhua news agency quoted the National Bureau of Statistics as saying.
The figure was lower than the 51.1 recorded in September and compared with the preliminary 50.4 figure in a private survey released by British bank HSBC on October 23.
Purchasing managers index
PMI tracks activity in China’s factories and workshops and is a closely-watched indicator of the health of the economy. Readings above 50 indicate growth, while anything below points to contraction.
HSBC is scheduled to release its final PMI reading for October on Monday.
China’s GDP growth
The Chinese economy expanded 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, lower than the 7.5 per cent expansion in the previous three months and the slowest since the depths of the 2008-2009 global financial crisis, the government had announced last month.
Beijing’s 2014 growth target is about 7.5 per cent, the same as last year, though officials, including Premier Li Keqiang, have openly stated a slightly slower increase is tolerable as long as the job market remains resilient.
Chinese authorities have since April used a series of limited measures to underpin growth, including targeted cuts in reserve requirements — the amount of funds banks must put aside — and a 500 billion yuan ($81.8 billion) injection into the country’s five biggest banks for re-lending.
A slowdown in China’s huge property sector is also weighing on overall growth, with economists worrying that a potential destructive bust in housing prices could dent economic hopes for the Asian powerhouse, a key driver of global and regional growth.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

I’m writing as my therapist said I needed closure© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48d82c86-60a9-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jancis Robinson: Bear’s marketOctober 31, 2014 5:05 pm
A bear’s market
Jancis Robinson
Prices in California have stopped heading skywards – good news if, like me, you love the sumptuousness of its top-quality wines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d1e9ca0-5eeb-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC to set aside £400m for forex probeHSBC to set aside £400m for forex probe
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce493b68-60fd-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Creditor banks move on Mallya’s mansionIndian creditor banks move in on Vijay Mallya’s Goa mansion
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecc7a27a-60d3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Med becomes a no-man’s land for migrants© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e323bf80-60e0-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anderson dead  no tears in BhopalNew Delhi/BHOPAL, October 31, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 01:39 IST
Anderson dead, no tears in Bhopal
Mahim Pratap Singh
USA
There was no redemption for Warren M. Anderson — accused no. 1 in the criminal case pertaining to the Bhopal gas tragedy — in life. On Thursday, it seemed there was none in death. Hearing of his death, a full one month after he passed away at a nursing home in Vero Beach, Florida, on September 29, survivors of the Bhopal gas tragedy assembled outside the now-defunct Union Carbide factory and placed a large portrait of him. Then, one by one, they spat at the photograph. With his death, the struggle to get the former CEO of Union Carbide extradited has hit a dead end.
The tragedy was one of the worst industrial disasters in the world, leaving thousands of people dead and over half a million injured on the intervening night of December 2 and 3, 1984. Anderson was the chief executive officer of the UCC, owner of Union Carbide India Ltd., which ran the plant from where the deadly methyl isocyanate leaked into the densely populated bastis of Old Bhopal.

Delhi takes legal  diplomatic steps to save T.N. fishermenNEW DELHI, October 31, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 01:49 IST
Delhi takes legal, diplomatic steps to save T.N. fishermen
Suhasini Haidar
execution
India believes the verdict is a “miscarriage of justice.”
A day after a Sri Lankan court handed down the death penalty to five Indian fishermen for drug smuggling, the government said it was stepping up efforts to “prove their innocence.”
Sources said Indian envoy to Sri Lanka Yash Sinha told the Sri Lankan Foreign Minister and Defence Minister that India was “concerned over the development.” External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said Indian officials met with the lawyers of the five convicts to discuss the case and the appeals process. The Indian fishermen could take their petition to the Court of Appeals and to the Supreme Court in Sri Lanka, adding the verdict was a “miscarriage of justice.”

China s Oct factory growth hits 5-month lowChina's October factory growth hits five-month low
Koh Gui Qing     Beijing    Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 16:30 IST
A worker welds a wheel for tramcar inside a factory in Huaibei, Anhui province.
China's factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising costs in the cooling economy, reinforcing views that the country's growth outlook is hazy at best.
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) eased to 50.8 in October from September's 51.1, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday, but above the 50-point level that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 51.2.
Underscoring the challenges facing the world's second-largest economy, the PMI showed foreign and domestic demand slipped to five- and six-month lows, respectively, with overseas orders shrinking slightly on a monthly basis.
"There remains downward pressure on the economy, and monetary policy will remain easy," economists at China International Capital Corp said in a note to clients after the data.
Noting that inventory levels of unsold goods rose last month even as factories cut output levels and drew down on stocks of raw materials, the investment bank argued that the economy still faced tepid demand.
It has been a tough year for China's economy. Growth fell to 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, its lowest level since the 2008/09 global financial crisis, as the housing market sagged and domestic demand and investment flagged.
The cooldown, expected to be China's worst in 24 years this year according to a Reuters poll, came despite a flurry of government support measures.
Saturday's PMI suggested no imminent recovery in demand.
An index for new orders - a proxy for foreign and domestic demand - retreated to 51.6 in October from September's 52.2. New export orders edged down to 49.9 in October, pointing to a contraction, from 50.2 in September.
BETTER OFF BIG
The PMI followed warnings from China's industrial ministry on Friday that factories were under pressure from high borrowing costs, which were further exacerbating the sector's slowdown.
Like other economies around the world, smaller-sized companies in China are often ignored by banks when they need financing, forcing them to turn to pricier alternatives for funds.
More costly funding, up 13.5 percent in the first nine months of this year compared with a year ago, according to the government, adds to the burden of factories which are already battling shrinking profit margins.
Still, the PMI showed big Chinese factories were weathering the downturn better than their smaller counterparts, as banks prefer to lend to larger state-owned firms, assuming the government will bail them out to prevent any defaults.
Large manufacturers grew last month with their PMI little changed at 51.9, data showed, while business shrank for small- to medium-sized factories.
The PMI for mid-sized factories fell to 49.1 in October from September's 50, and the index for small manufacturers was little changed at 48.5.
"There is a need to carry out more quickly the policy measures related to 'stabilising growth'", said Chen Zhongtao, an official at the China Logistics Information Centre, which helps publishes the PMI.
Chen was referring to recent government announcements aimed at supporting the economy.
To encourage more growth, China has cut taxes, quickened some investment projects, lent short-term loans to banks, instructed local governments to spend their budgets and reduced the amount of deposits that some banks hold as reserves to spur lending.
It said on Friday that it would invest at least 200 billion yuan ($32.7 billion) on three new railway lines to move goods and passengers across the country.
But the raft of measures - which were issued over a space of a few months - have failed to sustain momentum in the economy, prompting authorities to take one of their most drastic policy actions this year by cutting mortgage rates in September.
And even lower mortgage rates have not revived the housing market as quickly as some had hoped.
Home prices in China dropped for a sixth consecutive month in October, a private survey showed on Friday, a trend that should continue to weigh on the Chinese economy, which derives about 15 percent of its growth from the real estate sector.
(1 US dollar = 6.1124 Chinese yuan)

We have right to develop areas along China border:RijijuPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:59 pm
Brushing aside China’s reservations to its plans to develop infrastructure along the border, government today said it has every right to undertake such projects in Indian territory and no one can stop it.
“We will do certain infrastructural activities which have not been done in the last 60 years. The Chinese should not have a problem with my statement…. They cannot stop me from doing my work,” Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju told reporters here on the sidelines of a function here.
China had recently reacted sharply to a statement by Rijiju that India was planning to construct a road along the international boundary from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh to match China’s road infrastructure across the McMahon Line.
“There is a dispute about the eastern part of the China- India border. Before final settlement is reached, we hope that India will not take any action that may further complicate the situation,” a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman had said.
On Saturday, Rijiju said he was only referring to the government’s plans to improve border infrastructure within India’s territory and not in Chinese territory.
“I didn’t say that we are going to do anything on their territory. I am an MP from Arunachal Pradesh. I am constitutionally elected and I have the constitutional right and obligation to do whatever is right in our territory. I am looking at border management also,” he said.
Asked about China’s plans to construct a railway line across the McMahon line, the Union minister said it was nothing new.
“They have been doing this for a very long time and in an extensive manner. My concern is we want to do what is necessary in our territory,” he said.
Earlier, addressing a function on private security industry, organised by the FICCI, Rijiju said there was need to increase the role of private security agencies and expressed concern over non-implementation in letter and spirit of the private security agencies Act enacted in 2005.
Maintaining that private security agencies were still unorganised, the Minister said there was a need to ensure that the private security guards get their proper wages with proper duty hours.

Communal clash: Five people named in FIR do not exist  one person died in2002Print
Written by Kumar Anand | Vadodara | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 3:30 pm
One of the persons that police have been hunting for in a communal clash case is believed to have died in 2002, while five other persons whose names are mentioned in the FIR do not exist at all.
The communal clash that took place on October 7 at Changa village in Anand district.
The police arrested 25 people in connection with “rioting and loot” but could not find six out of 31 people who were named in the FIR.
The arrests were made after members of two communities in the village clashed following minor scuffle that took place at a local milk co-operative outlet in the village. The scuffle escalated into riots in which at least one person was severely injured. The members of both communities filed cross FIRs in this connection in the nearby police station and 25out of 31 people were arrested.
Six persons that the police continue to search for “do not exist”, villagers have claimed. They said out of six persons, one of the accused, Ismael Vora died way back in 2002.
“It is surprising how Ismael’s name cropped up in the FIR. As per his death certificate available with his family members, he died on March 3, 2002. The names of at least five other persons are wrong as no such persons live in the village but the police are insisting that they live here and have even harassed persons whose name closely resemble those of names in the FIR,” a social worker, Javed Vora said.
The complainant, Rakesh Patel, is the secretary of village milk co-operative. 24 out of 25 arrested were released on bail but the villagers are mulling to move the court against the police for being harassed in the name of accused who do not exist.

Bihar Assembly Speaker cancels membership of four JD(U) MLAs forcross-votingPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:19 pm
Bihar Assembly Speaker on Saturday cancelled membership of four rebel JD(U) MLAs, who had cross-voted during Rajya Sabha bypolls.
Though 18 JD(U) MLAs had cross-voted during the RS polls in which all three JD(U) candidates had eventually managed to win with RJD support, JD(U) had complained to the Speaker about four MLAs — Gyanendra Singh Gyanu (Barh, Patna), Niraj Kumar Singh (Chhatapur, Supaul), Ravindra Rai (Mahua, Vaishali) and Rahul Sharma (Ghoshi, Jehanabad).
As per the Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary’s ruling, the four MLAs not only lost their membership, they will not be “treated as an ex-MLA” and nor will be “entitled to benefits of a former MLA”. The four MLAs said as cross-voting did not amount to a violation of the 10th Schedule provisions, they would move Patna High Court.
Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi said:”I have nothing to say about the Speaker’s ruling”.
Gyanendra Singh Gyanu said: “We are not at all surprised at this decision and know who is behind this. This is Tughlaqi and Naxali order. We will move to court and go to people’s court to teach him (Nitish) a lesson”.
Ravindra Rai and Niraj Kumar Singechoed similar sentiments. These MLAs, however, reposed faith in Jeetan Ram Manjhi’s leadership and said next Assembly poll should be fought under Manjhi’s leadership. These MLAs have not been suspended from JD (U) yet.

CM window in Haryana districts for grievance...You are here: Home > Collections
Haryana districts to have 'CM window' for grievance redressal
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 04.09PM IST
Tags:
CM window
(Khattar, who was addressing…)
CHANDIGARH: Haryana government will set up a 'CM window' in each district of the state for grievance redressal of the people.
"A CM-Window would be set up at every district headquarter to redress grievances of the people so that they don't have to come to Chandigarh for the same," Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar was quoted as saying in a statement here.
The Chief Minister also exhorted the officers and officials to be punctual and reach their offices on time.
Khattar, who was addressing the officers of district administration in Faridabad , emphasised on the need to redress grievances of people in a time bound manner.
"It is the foremost duty of public servants to provide timely services to the people," he said, adding the officers would have to work for the people with spirit of service to the society and administration would have to maintain transparency in its functioning.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Elangovan new Tamil Nadu Congress chiefUpdated: November 3, 2014 14:41 IST
Irrepressible EVKS takes over TNCC reins again
Sruthisagar Yamunan
The newly-appointed TNCC president E V K S Elagovan at Satyamurthi Bhavan in Chennai on Saturday. Photo: M. Karunakaran
The Hindu E.V.K.S. Elangovan
state politics
Rahul’s move seen as a bold gambit at a time when the party is at its weakest in the State.
Known for his courageous outbursts, the former Union Minister, E.V.K.S. Elangovan, will take over the reins of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee on Sunday at a time of a serious crisis and political churning in the State.
Even before his appointment, the party looked to be heading towards a split: there were indications the former Shipping Minister, G.K. Vasan, might revive the Tamil Manila Congress, which his father G.K. Moopanar floated in 1996.
The last time Mr. Elangovan was at the helm in 2000, he had to face a revolt from senior leaders K.V. Thangkabalu and Tindivanam K. Ramamurthy. As it is the case now, he had the backing of the high command, which put down dissent.
Jubilant party members celebrate the appointment of E.V.K.S. Elangovan as the new TNCC president. Photo: M. Karunakaran.
Congress sources said Mr. Elangovan’s appointment had come down like a “lightning bolt” on other leaders. Many of them did not even consider him to be in the race.
“We are told Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi met him a few days ago. He has been appointed at Mr. Gandhi’s intervention,” said a senior leader.
The sources said Mr. Elangovan’s name was put forward by the former Defence Minister, A.K. Antony, who headed a committee to analyse the party’s dismal performance nationwide in the Lok Sabha elections.
After the TMC was merged with the Congress in 2002 under the leadership of Mr.Vasan at a huge rally in Madurai presided by party president Sonia Gandhi, Mr. Elangovan became the working president, and the late Kadaladi MLA, S. Balakrishnan, a Kamaraj acolyte, was appointed president of the State unit.
During his previous tenure, Mr. Elangovan, son of Dravidian stalwart E.V.K. Sampath, shot to fame with his bitter criticism of the AIADMK.
In the run-up to the 2001 Assembly polls, he accused the party of aligning with outfits with LTTE sympathies and expressed his uneasiness when Moopanar struck a chord with Ms. Jayalalithaa to keep the communal forces at bay after the DMK joined the BJP government at the Centre.
In 2006, he ruffled the feathers of DMK president M. Karunanidhi by demanding a share of power for the Congress in the State, just like the DMK was part of the Union government as a constituent of the UPA. In fact, during 2006-11, the DMK was in a minority in the Assembly and survived with the support of the Congress.
A senior TNCC leader said that at a time when the party was at its weakest in Tamil Nadu, a candid speaker and bold campaigner like Mr. Elangovan, always identified as a Nehru family loyalist, would enthuse the workers. “The workers should have the confidence that the party is alive. In his last stint, he kept the party vibrant,” he said.
Appropriate choice
With the BJP making swift moves to project itself as an alternative to both the DMK and the AIADMK in the run-up to the 2016 Assembly polls, an effective speaker like Mr. Elangovan is seen as an appropriate choice to lead the party.
Mr. Elangovan has also been keen on taking all sections of the TNCC with him. In fact, even on Saturday morning, he met the outgoing TNCC president, B.S. Gnanadesikan, and requested him to talk Mr. Vasan out of any drastic step at this stage. Later in the evening, Mr. Elangovan met the former Union Finance Minister, Mr. P. Chidambaram here.

Boko Haram says kidnapped girls married off  denies truceBoko Haram says kidnapped girls married off
AP
Maiduguri, Nigeria, November 01, 2014
First Published: 14:22 IST(1/11/2014)
The leader of Nigeria's Islamic extremist group Boko Haram has denied agreeing to any cease-fire with the government and said more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls all have converted to Islam and been married off.
 
In a new video released late Friday night, Abubakar Shekau dashed hopes for a prisoner exchange to get the girls released.
 
"The issue of the girls is long forgotten because I have long ago married them off," he said, laughing. "In this war, there is no going back," he said in the video received by The Associated Press in the same way as previous messages.
 
Nigeria's chief of defense staff, Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh, on October 17 announced that Boko Haram had agreed to an immediate cease-fire to end a five-year insurgency that has killed thousands of people and driven hundreds of thousands from their homes in northeast Nigeria.
 
But attacks and abductions have continued with the extremists this week seizing Mubi, a town of more than 200,000 people. Fighting also continued Friday in Vimtin, the nearby village where Badeh was born.
 
Shekau in August announced that Boko Haram wanted to establish an Islamic caliphate, along the lines of the IS group in Syria and Iraq, and fleeing residents have reported that hundreds of people are being detained for infractions of the extremists' version of strict Shariah law in several towns and villages under their control.
 
Boko Haram's kidnapping of 276 schoolgirls writing exams at a boarding school in the remote northeastern town of Chibok in April prompted an international campaign for their release and criticism of Nigeria's government for not acting quickly to free them. Dozens of the girls escaped on their own in the first couple of days, but 219 remain missing.

Bangalore is Bengaluru  11 other cities renamed tooFor the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Why she takes a different view of the long-term unemployed1
Q. What other metrics are there?
A. The number of placements we make annually has grown from 540 in 2013 to a projected 670 in 2014, or 24 percent growth. At Career Tech, we worked with roughly 1,000 people over three years. Also, the number of companies that work with us has grown from 22 in 2013 to 31 in 2014, or a 41 percent growth. And 60 percent of the commitments from companies to hire in 2014 came from companies we worked with in 2013.
Q. What kinds of jobs are these workers being hired to do?
A. If you look at the macro trends of the type of jobs needed in Chicago, it tends to fall into three categories: sales, customer service and technology positions in healthcare.
Q. You struck a novel job-sharing deal with bike-sharing program Divvy and retailer Gap to share 16 employees since the two companies have opposing seasonal peaks. How is that going?
 
 
A. It’s working well. The individuals who’ve been at Divvy will be rotating onto their Gap assignments in November. We put two seasonal jobs together to create a year-round job; we’re looking for labor market inefficiencies where the market on it’s own is not filling the needs of the workforce. Then we can become the intermediary.
Q. What have you learned from it?
A. We also pitched it to big companies. If they have part-time or seasonal positions, we found it beneficial to use the Divvy/Gap experience to (suggest) teaming with another department within the company to create this similar type of shared employment experience.
Q. How did you address the stigma of unemployment?
A. We learned that the stigma of the unemployed was really deep. We found when we were dealing with a hiring manager or a recruiter who had personal experience — they may have had a brother or cousin who had been unemployed — there was a different receptivity to our conversation than somebody who may not have been touched by it.
Q. You also launched an ad campaign to challenge this stigma. Did it work?
A. I just came back from my fourth meeting with employers at the White House. Employers were talking about initiatives they’d done internally to improve their recruitment and targeting of the unemployed. A year ago there was nobody raising their hand.
Q. What have you learned about trying to create change?
A. In creating Skills, I held to something I’d been told very early in my career, which is you know you’re making change when you can feel people pushing against it.
When we created the business plan, not everybody agreed with it. It seemed scary and upsetting and different from what had been done previously. I embraced the thought that we couldn’t or shouldn’t do it as a positive. I knew we were going to be making change because there was such a healthy conversation.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Tim Cook: Im proud to be gaycelebrity
Apple CEO Tim Cook says he’s proud to be gay. The public declaration, in an essay written for Bloomberg Businessweek, makes Mr. Cook the highest-profile business CEO to come out.
Mr. Cook said that while he never denied his sexuality, he never publicly acknowledged it, either. The executive said that for years he’s been open with many people about his sexual orientation and that plenty of his Apple colleagues know he is gay.
Mr. Cook wrote in the column published on Thursday that it wasn’t an easy choice to publicly disclose that he is gay, but that he felt the acknowledgement could potentially help others.
“I’ve come to realize that my desire for personal privacy has been holding me back from doing something more important,” he wrote. Mr. Cook added that he considers “being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me”.
The executive said he’s been lucky to work for a company that “loves creativity and innovation and knows it can only flourish when you embrace people’s differences”.
Mr. Cook said that he will continue to focus on being the best CEO he can be and will personally continue to advocate for equality for all people.

Behind Indias Pakistan quandaryUpdated: October 31, 2014 01:07 IST
Behind India’s Pakistan quandary
Sharat Sabharwal
international relations
Faced with Pakistan’s firing across the LoC, India has no option but to respond. However, in general, more subtle strategies to contain and counter threats from Pakistan would be in the country’s interest
Pakistan’s annual ritual of raising the Kashmir issue and the outdated U.N. resolutions at the U.N. General Assembly (UNGA) has been followed by similar statements in Pakistan, including by the Chief of Army Staff, Raheel Sharif. Young Bilawal Bhutto has vowed to wrest every inch of Kashmir from India! The National Assembly has called for a diplomatic offensive. Pakistan’s desire to internationalise the Kashmir issue has been mentioned as one of the plausible reasons for the recent ceasefire violations by it.
Left to Pakistan, the Kashmir issue would never go off the international radar screen. However, Pakistan’s efforts to internationalise it cannot succeed in the face of a mature Indian response. For starters, the international scenario has completely changed from the days when Pakistan’s theatrics on Kashmir attracted international attention. India has come a long way since then. Above all, Pakistan is not the same, both in its capacity to mobilise international opinion and the priorities of its people.
Manifestos and Kashmir issue
The ruling Pakistan Muslim League (N)’s manifesto for the May 2013 election in Pakistan contained the following paragraph on Kashmir: “Special efforts will be made to resolve the issue of Jammu and Kashmir, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant UN resolutions and the 1999 Lahore Accord and in consonance with the aspirations of the people of the territory for their inherent right of self-determination.” Significantly, this paragraph found a place in a three-page chapter on foreign policy and national security, beginning at page 80 of the 103-page document, with the first 79 pages devoted to bread-and-butter issues such as economic revival, energy security, agriculture and food security, a new framework for social change, democratic governance, science and technology, the employment challenge, speedy justice, etc.
“India’s growing power ought to be felt by its adversaries and not flaunted.”
The chapter began by acknowledging that Pakistan was at war within and isolated abroad, its independence and sovereignty stood compromised, its economic weaknesses were forcing it to go around with a begging bowl in hand; while foreign states undertook unilateral strikes on its territory, non-state actors used it as a sanctuary to pursue their own agendas, oblivious to Pakistan’s interests and the country’s social, economic and political schisms were creating grave misgivings even in the minds of its friends. It noted that Pakistan is located at an important junction of South Asia, West Asia and Central Asia. Therefore, it could be a bridge between the energy-rich Central Asia and Iran on the one side and energy-deficit countries like China and India on the other and could also become a flourishing transit economy as the shortest land route from western China to the Arabian Sea, while linking India with Afghanistan and the Central Asian Republics. The paragraph on Kashmir figured at s.no.viii among the policy objectives listed in this chapter. It was preceded and succeeded by others such as establishing cordial and cooperative ties with Pakistan’s neighbours, making foreign policy formulation the sole preserve of elected representatives, making sure that all civil and military institutions, “including those dealing with security and/or intelligence matters” act as per the directives of the federal government, and according special importance to promotion of external trade, etc.
The manifesto of the other major party, the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) had similar prioritisation with the first 60 out of 74 pages devoted to empowerment for all, inclusive and equitable growth, infrastructure and a new social contract, etc. However, the following reference figured on page 73: “We support the rights of the Kashmiri people and during our current government we initiated and continued to pursue a dialogue process agenda with India, including on Kashmir. We will not allow lack of progress on one agenda to impede progress on the others. Without prejudice to the UN Security Council Resolutions, we support open and safe borders at the Line of Control [LoC] to socially unite the Kashmiri people. We note that India and China have a border dispute and yet enjoy tension free relations.”
Ties with India
This did not imply that Pakistan’s major parties were about to jettison the Kashmir issue. Far from it. However, since political parties trim the sails of their manifestos to the winds of public opinion, the two manifestos were a good indicator of the priorities of the Pakistani people and the issues agitating their mind. To be sure, a civil or military leader in Pakistan can still whip up short-term hysteria on Kashmir, especially in periods of tension with India. But in a reflection of the public mood, India was not an issue of even marginal consequence in determining the choices of voters in the May 2013 election. The manifestos were unusual in their candour and content and a departure from the influential security state narrative, which ranks confronting “enemy India” over the welfare and progress of the Pakistani people. However, what has transpired after the 2013 election is extraordinarily usual for Pakistan and India-Pakistan relations.
Soon after the election, the Pakistani media reported that the then Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Kayani, had advised the Prime Minister-elect, Nawaz Sharif, to go slow on relations with India. Subsequently, the killing of five Indian soldiers in a Pakistani ambush at the LoC in the Poonch sector in August 2013 put paid to the efforts of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government to revive the peace process with the Nawaz Sharif government. During the visit of Mr. Sharif’s brother, Shahbaz Sharif to India in December 2013, it was decided to take the trade agenda forward, with India agreeing to give significantly improved market access to Pakistani products in return for Pakistan moving to a non-discriminatory market access regime (euphemism for Most Favoured Nation). However, Pakistan baulked at the eleventh hour, reportedly because of opposition by the army and the reluctance of the Nawaz government to clinch such an important deal with the outgoing Indian government on the eve of elections. Whatever the reason, Pakistan has failed to seal the trade deal, widely acknowledged by its top economists and businessmen to be in its interest, in spite of the positive attitude of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government on the issue. The promise generated by Mr. Nawaz Sharif’s visit to India for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s swearing-in in May 2014 was cut short by the meeting of the Pakistan envoy with the Hurriyat leaders.
From recent events, it appears that the security state paradigm, which is revisionist not only regarding accession of Jammu and Kashmir to India, but also India’s leading role in South Asia and beyond, is on the ascendant again in Pakistan. Pakistan’s adversarial posture towards India has entailed heavy costs for us and significantly heavier costs for the smaller Pakistani economy. The gap between the two economies is growing. Therefore, sustenance of this posture by Pakistan would imply increasing detriment to its economy and the well-being of its people who, more than Kashmir, crave better governance and economic opportunities. The imperatives underlying the candour and constructive ideas in the manifestos mentioned remain unchanged. Therefore, it would be wrong to assume that the thinking underpinning those ideas has vanished or should count for nothing in our policy formulation.
Countering threats
Pakistani provocations, not entirely missing in periods of dialogue, tend to increase in its absence. Some are attempts to infuse life into its flagging “Kashmir cause” and drag us into verbal duels in the international arena, but have no impact on the ground situation. These, therefore, deserve cursory dismissal. References to Kashmir at the U.N. and the Pakistan-inspired hackneyed resolutions by the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) are some examples. We did well in responding to the Pakistani reference to Jammu and Kashmir at the UNGA at the level of a First Secretary, while offering, in Mr. Modi’s speech, dialogue without the shadow of terror.
There are, on the other hand, provocations which impact the ground situation adversely for us. These include Pakistan’s continued harbouring of anti-India terror groups, infiltration of terrorists across the LoC and attempts to destabilise the situation in Jammu and Kashmir and other parts of India. Such efforts need to be thwarted resolutely. Faced with Pakistan’s firing across the LoC, we have no option but to respond. However, in general, more subtle strategies to contain and counter threats from Pakistan would be in our interest.
Finally, the jingoistic and threatening rhetoric in a section of our media in response to each provocation from Pakistan does us no good. Our growing power ought to be felt by our adversaries and not flaunted. Threatening language tends to drive a significant number in Pakistan, who think constructively of relations with India, into the arms of the security state proponents.
(Sharat Sabharwal, former High Commissioner to Pakistan, is the Central Information Commissioner. The views expressed are personal.)

Core industries growth slows to 1.9 % in Sept.NEW DELHI, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 00:20 IST
Core industries’ growth slows to 1.9 % in Sept.
Yuthika Bhargava
Growth of the eight core industries dropped to 1.9 per cent in September from 9 per cent in the same month last year due to fall in output of crude oil, natural gas, refinery products and fertilizer.
The growth stood at 5.8 per cent in August.
 Crude oil, natural gas, refinery products and fertilizer output registered a drop of 1.1 per cent, 6.2 per cent, 2.5 per cent and 11.6 per cent, respectively, in the month under review, according to the data released by the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
 Expansion in other four sectors — coal, cement, steel and electricity — stood at 7.2 per cent, 3.2 per cent, 4 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, against a rise of 13.6 per cent, 12.1 per cent, 10.7 per cent and 12.9 per cent rise, respective, in September, 2013.
 During the April-September period, the eight sectors grew by 4 per cent against 5 per cent in the same period a year-ago.

Omar leaves home turfPrint
Written by Mir Ehsan | Jammu | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:48 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 4:51 am
Fearing a rout, J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has abandoned his family bastion and decided to contest from two constituencies — National Conference stronghold of Sonwar and Peoples Democratic Party-represented Beerwah in central Kashmir’s Budgam district.
After a meeting of the NC parliamentary board, the party released the list of 22 candidates and announced that the CM will contest
from Sonwar and Beerwah constituencies. Earlier, it was believed that Omar will contest from Ganderbal and another constituency from Srinagar district.
In the past, Ganderbal was represented by NC founder and Omar’s grandfather Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah. His father Farooq Abdullah also represented the constituency in 1987 when he became the CM of the state.
Omar himself lost from Ganderbal in 2002 to lesser known Qazi Afzal of the PDP, who was later awarded cabinet post for defeating Omar. However, in 2008 assembly elections, Omar won from Ganderbal defeating Qazi Afzal by a margin of 8,215 votes.
In the Lok Sabha elections, the NC candidate trailed behind the PDP candidate and the party leadership is worried that Omar may lose this seat as many senior NC leaders have deserted the party in Ganderbal recently.
This is the first time Omar is contesting from two places, though in 2008 elections, Farooq contested from Sonwar and Hazratbal seats and won both.
“Omar had conveyed to the party that he will contest elections from only one constituency, but party decided to field him from two constituencies as a well thought strategy,’’ senior NC leader and Omar’s uncle Mustafa Kamal told The Indian Express. He said that Ganderbal was never an NC bastion but members of Sheikh family represented the constituency many times.
While Sonwar is Omar’s native constituency, this time political analysts feel NC is apprehensive as people are angry with the Chief Minister after he shut doors of his house to people during the recent floods. Sonwar will go to polls on November 25 in the first phase while Beerwah will go to polls on December 14 in the fourth phase.
PDP spokesman Nayeem Akhtar termed it as an internal matter of the NC, saying, “Omar can contest from any place in the state.’’

Salman Khan s  Bigg Boss  bucks the trend  bags big bucks via SnapdealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BlackBerry: Now you can delete  send timed messages on BBME-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

We have right to develop areas along China border: RijijuPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:59 pm
Brushing aside China’s reservations to its plans to develop infrastructure along the border, government today said it has every right to undertake such projects in Indian territory and no one can stop it.
“We will do certain infrastructural activities which have not been done in the last 60 years. The Chinese should not have a problem with my statement…. They cannot stop me from doing my work,” Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju told reporters here on the sidelines of a function here.
China had recently reacted sharply to a statement by Rijiju that India was planning to construct a road along the international boundary from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh to match China’s road infrastructure across the McMahon Line.
“There is a dispute about the eastern part of the China- India border. Before final settlement is reached, we hope that India will not take any action that may further complicate the situation,” a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman had said.
On Saturday, Rijiju said he was only referring to the government’s plans to improve border infrastructure within India’s territory and not in Chinese territory.
“I didn’t say that we are going to do anything on their territory. I am an MP from Arunachal Pradesh. I am constitutionally elected and I have the constitutional right and obligation to do whatever is right in our territory. I am looking at border management also,” he said.
Asked about China’s plans to construct a railway line across the McMahon line, the Union minister said it was nothing new.
“They have been doing this for a very long time and in an extensive manner. My concern is we want to do what is necessary in our territory,” he said.
Earlier, addressing a function on private security industry, organised by the FICCI, Rijiju said there was need to increase the role of private security agencies and expressed concern over non-implementation in letter and spirit of the private security agencies Act enacted in 2005.
Maintaining that private security agencies were still unorganised, the Minister said there was a need to ensure that the private security guards get their proper wages with proper duty hours.

Key Burdwan blast suspect may be hiding in D...Key Burdwan blast suspect may have been hiding in Delhi
By Bharti Jain, TNN | 1 Nov, 2014, 10.54AM IST
0
Share More
Accused Shakil had come to India from Bangladesh around 2007. He received training from Bangladesh JMB cadres Nasirullah and Talha.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A key Burdwan blast suspect may have been hiding in Delhi around the time the National Investigation Agency (NIA), headquartered in the national capital, took over the probe from West Bengal police . Amjad Ali alias Kajal, the main supplier of chemicals for IEDs to be used by Jamaat ul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) for attacks in Bangladesh and different parts of India, is believed to have escaped from West Bengal soon after the blast and was in Delhi on October 8.
According to the latest investigation update shared by the NIA with the Union home ministry, Amjad Ali was essentially sourcing the chemicals for IEDs, from Kolkata. His current whereabouts are not clear.
NIA's probe into SIM card details of the accused has not only exposed JMB's network extending to several Indian states, including West Bengal, Assam and Tamil Nadu, but it has also thrown up numbers in Bangladesh, Nepal and Saudi Arabia.
Sajid, a jihadi trainer from Bangladesh and suspected head of Indian chapter of JMB, and his wife Fatima were lead trainers at two of the madrasas under the scanner - the Simulia madrasa in Burdwan and the Lalgola madrasa in Mukimnagar, Murshidabad. They were helped by Talha and Suman alias Sadike of Bangladesh in training and indoctrinating young men and women in jihad. JMB's larger purpose was to establish an Islamic state in Bangladesh and the three West Bengal districts of Murshidabad, Malda and Nadia through violent means.
The JMB network recruited, indoctrinated and trained men and women in making IEDs and handling weapons at various madrasas across West Bengal. The interrogation of arrested accused Razia Bibi, Alima Bibi and Badrul Alam has revealed seamless terror linkages across West Bengal and Assam. The two dead JMB cadres, Shakil Ahmad and Suvon Mandal, along with Abdul Hakim, who was injured in the blast, used to essentially fabricate the bombs, while Kausar Shaikh, Kadir and others would transport them, mainly to Bangladesh.
Incidentally, both Razia and Alima were actively engaged in jihadi training at the Simulia madrasa, run by Yusuf Shaikh, and Lalgola madrasa, run by Mofazel Hassan alias Laden. Yusuf, Imam of Burbaqpur mosque at Nadia, had also bought land worth Rs 8.75 lakh in Burdwan for construction of a pucca madrasa building. Another accomplice Nasirullah Hathkata , who has lost his hand in an IED blast in Bangladesh, also purchased land in Beldanga for a mosque.
Accused Shakil, who was killed in the October 2 blast, had come to India from Bangladesh around 2007. He received training from Bangladesh JMB cadres Nasirullah and Talha. The finances for the Indian JMB operations came from Kausar and Kadir, both frequent visitors to the Khagragarh house. The training of men/women in making IEDs has been on since 2012. The NIA probe team found that the accused fabricated 8-10 IEDs on a daily basis and had transported nearly 5-6 consignments comprising around 150-250 bombs to Bangladesh.
The JMB trainers would often motivate young women from a weak socio-economic background to join madrasas for higher studies. They were then married off either to JMB members from Bangladesh or local members. Marriage would provide a platform for Bangladeshi JMB cadres to acquire Indian identity and documents. For example, Kausar Sheikh, a Bangladeshi, married an Indian girl named Jannat in 2007 and acquired an Indian identity.

Time for Rahul Gandhi to take charge of the party: Digvijaya SinghIt is a general feeling of Congress workers that Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead the party, he said. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:41 pm
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh on Saturday stirred a controversy by saying that time has come for Rahul Gandhi to take charge of the party from his mother Sonia Gandhi, a statement that was described as his “personal views” by the party.
“It’s a general feeling of Congress workers that Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead the party. Therefore, now I think the time has come when Rahul Gandhi should take charge,” Singh told reporters here.
Asked about the recent Lok Sabha and Assembly elections losses suffered by the party, he said one should also take into account the wins between 2004 and 2014.
Reminded of his earlier remarks about leadership capabilities of the Congress Vice President, Singh said, “Please revisit my statement. I had said Rahul Gandhi does not hanker after power unlike Mr Modi who cannot live and breathe without power”.
The party termed it his personal view.
“Whatever Digvijay Singh has said is his personal view. The Congress party has always taken collective view when it comes to strengthening of the organisation or in the interest of the country,” party spokesperson Anand Sharma informed.
He said Sonia was a source of great inspiration for the party. “Rahul Gandhi is also an inspiration and future of the party,” Sharma said.

Haryana districts to have CM window for grievance redressalBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:30 pm
Haryana government will set up a ‘CM window’ in each district of the state for grievance redressal of the people.
“A CM-Window would be set up at every district headquarter o redress grievances of the people so that they don’t have to come to Chandigarh for the same,” Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar was quoted as saying in a statement here.
The Chief Minister also exhorted the officers and officials to be punctual and reach their offices on time.
Khattar, who was addressing the officers of district administration in Faridabad, emphasised on the need to redress grievances of people in a time bound manner.
“It is the foremost duty of public servants to provide timely services to the people,” he said, adding the officers would have to work for the people with spirit of service to the society and administration would have to maintain transparency in its functioning.

Haryana districts to have  CM window  for grievance redressalBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:30 pm
Haryana government will set up a ‘CM window’ in each district of the state for grievance redressal of the people.
“A CM-Window would be set up at every district headquarter o redress grievances of the people so that they don’t have to come to Chandigarh for the same,” Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar was quoted as saying in a statement here.
The Chief Minister also exhorted the officers and officials to be punctual and reach their offices on time.
Khattar, who was addressing the officers of district administration in Faridabad, emphasised on the need to redress grievances of people in a time bound manner.
“It is the foremost duty of public servants to provide timely services to the people,” he said, adding the officers would have to work for the people with spirit of service to the society and administration would have to maintain transparency in its functioning.

India will construct roads within its territory: RijijuIndia will construct roads within its territory: Rijiju
M Modi s radio programme  Mann ki Baat  to be aired tomorrowM Modi s radio programme  Mann ki Baat  to be aired tomorrow
Indian roads to get Intelligent Transport Systems via JapanIndian roads to get Intelligent Transport Systems via Japan
SPY Inc. Announces Conference Call to Report Third Quarter 2014 Financial ResultsSPY Inc. Announces Conference Call to Report Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results
Deepak Nitrite issues Commercial Papers worth Rs 25 croreDeepak Nitrite issues Commercial Papers worth Rs 25 crore
Bangalore renamed BengaluruBangalore renamed Bengaluru
Railways to cancel 30 trains during fogRailways to cancel 30 trains during fog
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
Apprehending foggy conditions during the winter season, the railways has decided to cancel 30 trains, mostly north bound, for 47 days from December 31 this year.
“Schedules of total 36 trains would be affected from December 31, 2014 to February 15, 2015. While 30 trains will remain cancelled, four will be partially cancelled and two trains would be diverted keeping the foggy weather conditions in mind,” said a senior Railway Ministry official.
Dibrugarh Rajdhani, Ludhiana Shatabdi and Moga Shatabdi are among the 30 trains which will remain cancelled during this period.
Some of the north bound trains coming from Hatia, Sitamarhi, Sharasa, Ludhiana, Sealdah and Howrah will be affected during the winter as heavy fog is expected during the period, the official said.
Trains like Jharkhand Sampark Kranti, Lichhivi Express, Garhwal Express, Ujjaini Express and Mahananda Express are being cancelled.
The railways has issued a notification regarding cancellation of trains so that passengers do not book advance tickets on these trains.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Protests continue over death sentence for 5 Indian fishermenProtests continue over death sentence for 5 Indian fishermen
PTI
Tweet
Rameswaram, Nov 1:  
Families of five fishermen sentenced to death by a court in Sri Lanka for alleged drug trafficking today observed a one-day fast to urge the government to take immediate steps to bring them back home.
The families wore black badges at the venue in this coastal town. Local people, as also about 3,000 activists of various political parties, joined them at the spot, shouted slogans against the court verdict and urged the government to do everything possible to get the fishermen back.
Leaders of political parties, including Suba Thangavelan of DMK, Raman Unni (Congress), Arjunan (AIADMK) and Annadurai of CPI(M), were present at the venue.
The five fishermen, all hailing from Tamil Nadu, were apprehended in 2011 by the Sri Lankan Navy on charges of smuggling drugs in the seas off northern Jaffna’s Delft islet.
On October 30, they were given the death penalty by a court in Colombo. The five were among a group of eight sentenced to death for alleged involvement in heroin trafficking between India and Sri Lanka in 2011. The other three are Sri Lankans.
Their arrest had sparked protests in various parts of Tamil Nadu. A fishermen’s association here had announced that they would go on an indefinite fast till the Indian Government went for an appeal in a higher court against the death sentence.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)

Shriram City Union Q2 net up at Rs 138 crShriram City Union Q2 net up at Rs 138 cr
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 1:  
Shriram City Union Finance has reported a 8.66 per cent increase in second quarter net profit at Rs 138 crore.
The city-based company, which is the retail lending division of the Shriram Group, had reported Rs 127 crore net profit during the corresponding period last year.
“Our company’s growth in its core areas of financing small businesses, two-wheelers and against gold continues to be robust. The advent of a long festive season should see us registering an even stronger performance in second half of this fiscal,” Shriram City Union Finance Director G S Sundararajan said in a statement.
He said that the assets under management stood at Rs 15,557 crore for the period ended September 30, 2014. The capital adequacy ratio stood at 30.44 per cent.
The company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 4.50 per equity share of Rs 10 each, the statement said.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Eastern Railway to run special service for examineesEastern Railway to run special service for examinees
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 1:  
For the convenience of examinees who will be sitting for the written examination of the Railway Recruitment Cell of Eastern Railway (ER), the Howrah division of ER has arranged to run special EMU locals.
The EMU locals will run according to their regular weekday schedules on five consecutive Sundays during the month of November.
The Sundays when the special local trains will run are November 2, November 9, November 16, November 23 and November 30.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Virgin Galactic rocket suffers fatal crashBranson vows to push ahead with space tourism after rocket crash
Robert Wright and Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd2c4aa-612d-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jaime Fuller and Philip Bumpjaime fuller and philip bump
http://usat.ly/1u9hQT3Deals go beyond Black Friday in November
Big-screen TVs, laptops, Blu-ray discs, video games are among the month's discount items.
Post to Facebook
Deals go beyond Black Friday in November Big-screen TVs, laptops, Blu-ray discs, video games are among the month's discount items. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tPfo1T
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Deals go beyond Black Friday in November
Julia Savacool, USA WEEKEND 6:30 a.m. EST November 2, 2014
Look beyond Black Friday to find this month's best deals.
(Photo: Vetta, Getty Images)
183 CONNECT 4 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is often associated with big opportunities for bargain hunters, and for good reason: On Black Friday (Nov. 28 this year), stores offer some of their deepest discounts of the season, and online shopping sees a surge on "Cyber Monday" three days later. Of course, some deals are better than others. Here's what to look for:
Upgrade your football-watching. Big-screen HDTVs are a bargain now, but look for the cheaper brands to offer bigger savings to attract pre-holiday business. (Top-of-the-line brands typically save their deepest discounts for December.) Go to BestBuy.com to sign up for daily e-mail alerts to find out which HDTVs will be on sale on Black Friday.
Replace your laptop. If you're tired of lugging around a 10-pound computer, now is the time to splurge on a lightweight version. Deals include Apple's Black Friday sale (not huge — typically up to 10% off, but savings nonetheless), and you'll find even bigger savings at electronics stores as retailers look to clear inventory before January's new shipments arrive.
Stock up on stocking stuffers. Do you have an Angry Birds fan in your house? Is your spouse addicted to '80s movies? Here's an opportunity to put a smile on their faces come Christmas morning without spending a lot. Retailers often sell Blu-ray discs, video games and similar "doorbuster" items at a loss just to get people in the door. You can find equally good deals online, where sites such as Amazon have offered Blu-rays at a discount of up to 55% in past years.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tPfo1T
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Chhath Puja celebrationsTweet
Devotees offer prayers to the Sun during the Chhath Festival in Ghaziabad. (HT Photo)
Hindu devotees offer prayers to the Sun during the Chhath Festival while standing in a water body near India Gate in New Delhi. (HT Photo/Raj K Raj)
Sugarcane stalks, used for rituals, is planted into a water body as Hindu women perform rituals at sunset to mark Chhath Puja festival in New Delhi. (AP Photo)
A security person keeps vigil as devotees offer prayers to the Sun on the occasion of Chhath Puja at Lalmati in Guwahati. (PTI Photo)
Traffic police women and other devotees offer prayers at the bank of River Ganges during Chhath festival in Patna. (PTI Photo)
Hindu devotees perform rituals at sunset in the River Sabarmati during Chhath Puja festival in Ahmadabad. (AP Photo)
Hindu women offer prayers at sunset during Chhath Puja festival in Mumbai. (AP Photo)
Hindu women perform rituals at sunset to mark Chhath Puja festival in Hyderabad. (AP Photo)
Lifeguards keep vigil as devotees crowd the banks of the River Ganges to performs rituals at sunset during Chhath Puja festival in Patna. (AP Photo)
Devotees offer prayers to the Sun during the Chhath festival on the banks of the River Ganges in Kolkata. (AFP Photo)
Advertisement

PFC Q2 Net Rises 11% to Rs 1 408.58 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Power Finance Corporation Q2 Net Up 11 Per Cent at Rs 1,408.58 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 22:21 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
New Delhi: State-run lender Power Finance Corporation on Friday reported a nearly 11 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 1,408.58 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014, on account of an increase in income from operations.
The company had registered a net profit of Rs 1,273.79 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to stock exchanges.
Income from operations rose to Rs 6,304.70 crore from Rs 5,333.54 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal year.
The company sanctioned major loans to the tune of Rs 12,294 crore during the period.
Its loan assets at the end of April-September period this fiscal year increased to Rs 1,99,229 crore, from Rs 1,72,081 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal year.
As of September 30, 2014, the company's NPAs (non-performing assets) as a percentage of loan assets stood at 0.77 per cent.
PFC is engaged in funding of various power projects in generation, transmission, and distribution sectors.
The public sector firm is looking for consultants for monitoring the ongoing electricity generation and transmission stations and for facilitating the removal of bottlenecks in project completion.
Shares in PFC, on Friday, ended at Rs 281.75 apiece on the BSE, up 1.70 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 21:05 (IST)

Maharashtra: Better fulfil expectations or face public ire  says Sena to FadnavisComments
Shiv Sena on Saturday cautioned new Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
Poonam Mahajan clicks a picture of CM Devendra Fadnavis with his mother after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium. (HT photo)
"The new government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said.
This is the first lesson the new government will have to learn, the Sena said amid signs of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways on September 25, just weeks before the assembly polls, which saw BJP emerging as the single largest party in the state.
It is true that there is no magic wand to fulfil promises made (during polls) but people of Maharashtra are looking at the new government, the first led by BJP, with a lot of hope, the publication said. "Mantralaya (the state secretariat) was gutted during the Congress-NCP rule but the aspirations of people had turned into ashes much before that.
"The new chief minister should ensure that his work is like the proverbial Phoenix which rose from the ashes," the Sena organ maintained.
Describing Friday's swearing-in ceremony of the Fadnavis-led ministry as grand (it was also attended by corporate bigwigs), the Sena said the poor, and not the rich or money bags, should get the attention of the administration as was the case during Shivaji's era. "Fadnavis has said he will emulate Shivaji Maharaj's example while ruling the state. He should remember that the real strength of Shivaji's Hindavi swarajya was not the seth and sahukars but the common poor folk."
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attended the inauguration ceremony at Wankhede Stadium after a call from BJP president Amit Shah and other leaders. The party had earlier announced it would keep off the mega event, attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing "constant humiliation" by BJP ahead of government formation. Sena MP Vinayak Raut on Friday said Shah has assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the BJP Government.
Asked about reports that Sena had demanded deputy chief minister's post and threatened to sit in opposition if BJP didn't comply, State BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, "We don't comment on any unofficial report."
When contacted, a Sena leader expressed ignorance about any such "ultimatum" by the party, but added there was no harm if the regional outfit, which has 63 MLAs, got the key post. Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, who took charge on Friday, will seek a vote of confidence in his Government during a special session of the Assembly beginning on November 11, official sources had said on Friday.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Fadnavis 15 days from the day of his Government is sworn in to prove its majority in the 288-member House. Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray made a last-minute appearance at the swearing in ceremony of the first BJP government in Maharashtra yesterday, raising the possibility of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways just three weeks ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls.
Uddhav held talks with BJP President Amit Shah after the mega event. It was not known what transpired at the brief meeting that took place in the Wankhede Stadium premises.
However, Sena MP Vinayak Raut later said Shah has assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the new government. But it was not yet clear when talks between the two parties will resume to arrive at a mutually acceptable power- sharing arrangement.

Digvijaya wants Rahul to take over  Cong distancesDigvijay wants Rahul to take over, Cong distances
PTI  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 16:16 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 18:22 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Saturday stirred a controversy by saying that time has come for Rahul Gandhi to take charge of the party from his mother Sonia Gandhi, a statement that was described as his "personal views" by the party.
"It's a general feeling of Congress workers that Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead the party. Therefore, now I think the time has come when Rahul Gandhi should take charge," Singh told reporters here.
Asked about the recent Lok Sabha and Assembly elections losses suffered by the party, he said one should also take into account the wins between 2004 and 2014.
Reminded of his earlier remarks about leadership capabilities of the Congress Vice President, Singh said, "Please revisit my statement. I had said Rahul Gandhi does not hanker after power unlike Mr Modi who cannot live and breathe without power".
The party termed it his personal view. "Whatever Digvijaya Singh has said is his personal view.
The Congress party has always taken collective view when it comes to strengthening of the organisation or in the interest of the country," party spokesperson Anand Sharma told PTI.
He said Sonia was a source of great inspiration for the party. "Rahul Gandhi is also an inspiration and future of the party," Sharma said.

14th Finance Commission term extended till Dec 31  201414th Finance Commission term extended till Dec 31  2014
Virgin spaceship  mid-air explosionVirgin spaceship  mid-air explosion
Shriram City Union Q2 Net up 8.66%Shriram City Union Q2 Net up 8.66%
Haryana to set up CM-window in every districtHaryana to set up ‘CM-window’ in every district
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Nov 1:  
The Haryana Government will set up a ‘CM-window’ in every district to redress the grievances of the people.
“A CM-window would be set up at every district headquarters to redress grievances of the people so that they don’t have to come to Chandigarh for the same,” Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar was quoted as saying in a statement here.
The Chief Minister also exhorted the officers and officials to be punctual and reach their offices on time.
Khattar, who was addressing the officers of district administration in Faridabad, emphasised on the need to redress the grievances of people in a time-bound manner.
“It is the foremost duty of public servants to provide timely services to the people,” he said, adding that the officers would have to work for the people with spirit of service to the society and the administration would have to maintain transparency in its functioning.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Malsamot to be developed as major tourist spotMalsamot to be developed as major tourist spot
PTI
Tweet
Vadodara, Nov 1:  
Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs Mansukh Vasava said that the Gujarat Government is keen on developing hill station Malsamot in Narmada district as a popular tourist destination.
The Government envisages to bring the small town on the national map to attract tourists from all over the country.
Vasava told reporters yesterday on the sidelines of a programme at Kevadiya town in Narmada district that the hill station (Malsamot) can become a spot of attraction of many tourists if roads are developed as currently people face difficulty in reaching the spot due to narrow roads in the forest area.
A survey has been carried out for widening of the roads and permission has been sought from the Environment Ministry.
The hill station is famous for the Narmada Waterfall and natural beauty and it also has Sagai-Malsamot eco campsite.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Time for Rahul Gandhi to take charge of the party: DigvijayaSinghIt is a general feeling of Congress workers that Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead the party, he said. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:41 pm
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh on Saturday stirred a controversy by saying that time has come for Rahul Gandhi to take charge of the party from his mother Sonia Gandhi, a statement that was described as his “personal views” by the party.
“It’s a general feeling of Congress workers that Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead the party. Therefore, now I think the time has come when Rahul Gandhi should take charge,” Singh told reporters here.
Asked about the recent Lok Sabha and Assembly elections losses suffered by the party, he said one should also take into account the wins between 2004 and 2014.
Reminded of his earlier remarks about leadership capabilities of the Congress Vice President, Singh said, “Please revisit my statement. I had said Rahul Gandhi does not hanker after power unlike Mr Modi who cannot live and breathe without power”.
The party termed it his personal view.
“Whatever Digvijay Singh has said is his personal view. The Congress party has always taken collective view when it comes to strengthening of the organisation or in the interest of the country,” party spokesperson Anand Sharma informed.
He said Sonia was a source of great inspiration for the party. “Rahul Gandhi is also an inspiration and future of the party,” Sharma said.

Haryana districts to have CM window for grievanceredressalBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:30 pm
Haryana government will set up a ‘CM window’ in each district of the state for grievance redressal of the people.
“A CM-Window would be set up at every district headquarter o redress grievances of the people so that they don’t have to come to Chandigarh for the same,” Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar was quoted as saying in a statement here.
The Chief Minister also exhorted the officers and officials to be punctual and reach their offices on time.
Khattar, who was addressing the officers of district administration in Faridabad, emphasised on the need to redress grievances of people in a time bound manner.
“It is the foremost duty of public servants to provide timely services to the people,” he said, adding the officers would have to work for the people with spirit of service to the society and administration would have to maintain transparency in its functioning.

General Motors India sales down 45 percent in OctoberGeneral Motors India sales down 45 percent in October
Gold  silver prices recover on scattered buyingGold  silver prices recover on scattered buying
Mid East Portfolio Management reports standalone net loss of Rs 0.05 crore in the September 2014 quarterMid East Portfolio Management reports standalone net loss of Rs 0.05 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Bangalore  others 11 cities to get their old names backBangalore  others 11 cities to get their old names back
FinMin to seek additional Rs 10K cr fund for PSBsFinance Ministry to seek additional Rs 10,00 crore fund for PSBs
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 19:59 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
The Finance Ministry on Friday said it will seek additional Rs 10,000 crore fund for recapitalisation of public sector banks (PSBs) for meeting global capital adequacy or Basel III norms.
This would be over and above Rs 11,200 crore announced in the Budget 2014-15.
"We are seeking additional Rs 10,000 crore for bank recapitalisation this year," Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said in the national capital.
On whether the government is contemplating bringing down its equity from 58 per cent to 52 per cent in PSU banks, he said the ministry is in the process of seeking the Cabinet nod for it.
"We will seek Cabinet nod to reduce government stake in PSBs to 52 per cent by end of November," he said.
The government shareholding in state-owned banks varies from 56.26 per cent (Bank of Baroda) to 88.63 per cent (Central Bank of India).
The government has infused Rs 58,600 crore between 2011 to 2014 in the state-owned banks.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget speech had said that "to be in line with Basel-III norms there is a requirement to infuse Rs 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks. To meet this huge capital requirement we need to raise additional resources to fulfil this obligation".
While preserving the public ownership, the capital of these banks will be raised by increasing the shareholding of the people in a phased manner through the sale of shares largely through retail to common citizens of this country, the minister had said.

Cairn India starts work to ramp up output from oil fieldCairn India starts work to ramp up output from oil field
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 11:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
Cairn India on Friday said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
"Cairn today initiated polymer injection at the Mangala field. Mangala enhanced oil recovery (EOR) project, which is amongst the largest polymer flood EOR programmes in the world, commenced well ahead of the guidance provided," the company said in a statement here.
The polymer injection activity would gradually be ramped up.
The Mangala polymer flood enhanced oil recovery (EOR) programme has a capex of about  $ 600 million. About 100 additional wells have been planned for the project.
The EOR has potential to raise output from the Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya - the largest of the 36 discoveries in the Rajasthan block , by 10 to 15 per cent.
Polymer flood is a proven technology that has been successfully used by the Chinese. Daqing Oil in China which has similar oil as in Rajasthan, has been successfully implementing polymer flood.
ONGC has implemented polymer flood in a couple of fields in Gujarat. However, the Mangala Polymer flood EOR project is of a much larger scale.
"Cairn India had recognised the potential for chemical EOR at an early stage of development in its Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya (MBA) fields," the statement said.
The reservoir quality, oil properties and ambient temperature make MBA fields ideal for the application of chemical flooding EOR methods such as polymer or alkaline surfactant polymer (ASP) flooding.
The chemical EOR programme has a potential to enhance recoveries from the Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya fields by around 300 million barrels, it said.
Sudhir Mathur, CFO, Cairn India said: "Injecting the polymer at our world class polymer flood EOR project, ahead of schedule is a testament to our execution skills and team work.
This will enable us to further unlock the potential of the prolific Rajasthan block and help contribute significantly towards the nation's energy security."

Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis plans to revamp CMO on the lines of the PMOYou are here: Home > Collections > Ministers
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis plans to revamp CMO on the lines of the PMO
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 02.53PM IST
Tags:
Arun Bongirwar
(The strengthening of CMO will…)
MUMBAI: Newly-appointed Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis plans to develop his office on the lines of the PMO to ensure faster and efficient working of his administration.
"I am in the process of developing the office of Chief Minister on the lines of the Prime Minister's Office where a set of select bureaucrats assist the ministers in case they are not able to carry out certain tasks," Fadnavis told reporters here today, a day after being sworn-in as the state's first BJP Chief Minister.
The strengthening of Chief Minister's Office ( CMO ) will remove the bottlenecks and pendency of work would be reduced when bureaucrats enter the scene to help ministers, he said.
On the demand for abolition of local body tax (LBT), Fadnavis said he was contemplating introduction of turnover tax on VAT.
Notably, the BJP had promised to do away with LBT during its poll campaign.
On the issue of toll tax, the Chief Minister said he had thought of some alternatives. Since toll tax needs to be collected from the users, there should be transparency (in the system), he said.
On having a separate official machinery to look after issues of Vidarbha, Fadnavis, the MLA from Nagpur South West seat, felt that the previous system, when former Chief Secretary Arun Bongirwar was appointed and used to sit in Nagpur to look after the issues related to region, did not work.
"We want to further streamline the system and fix our priorities and decide accordingly," he said.
Fadnavis will be proceeding to his home town Nagpur tomorrow where he will be accorded a grand welcome post his swearing-in as the CM.
He will hold a series of meetings with officials and elected representatives in Nagpur on Monday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TaxiForSure ups ante  reduces base fare to R...You are here: Home > Collections > Ventures
TaxiForSure triggers fare war, drops base charges to Rs 49 for 4 km in all cities
Sujit John & Shilpa Phadnis, TNN Nov 1, 2014, 01.23PM IST
Tags:
Accel Partners Helion Ventures
(The closest competitor,…)
BANGALORE: Cab service TaxiForSure will drop fares from Saturday to a level that will turn the heat on not just rivals but also autorickshaws. The new base fare will be Rs 49 for 4 km in all cities it serves, down from Rs 200 for 10 km for an AC hatchback car. After 4 km, the rate will be Rs 14 a km.
This rate makes it cheaper than an auto for 4-km commutes in Bangalore and Chennai, and just a little more than an auto in Delhi, Pune and Hyderabad. In Mumbai, the company is having a dry run and plans to formally launch the service next week.
In Bangalore, even for a 10km trip, TaxiForSure will cost about the same as an auto. In other cities, it will be a little bit higher. The closest competitor, Ola, has a minimum fare of Rs 100 for the first 6 km in Bangalore, first 5km in Chennai and first 4 km in Delhi. Beyond that, it charges Rs 10 a km.
"A constant feedback we got from customers was that they use cabs for long distances and autorickshaws for short distances. Now that we have lots of cabs in each city , we are able to offer short distance trips too," Raghunandhan G, co-founder of TaxiForSure, told TOI.
In Bangalore, for instance, it now has about 100 cabs per sq km."Earlier , a cab had to travel some 4 km to get to a customer and that's a waste if the subsequent commute is only for 3 or 4 km. Now , it has to travel for less than 2 km to get to a customer , and the average waiting time for a customer would be less than 10 minutes," said Raghunandhan, who founded the company in 2011 with longtime friend Aprameya Radhakrishna . It has raised $50 million in funding from VC firms Accel Partners, Helion Ventures and others. The cab market has seen fierce competition in recent times, and the most aggressive so far have been Ola and Googlebacked Uber . Analysts said Ola, which has received $210 million funding from Softbank, would surely respond to the latest challenge from TaxiForSure.
The economics may justify that. Raghunandhan said the total cost of running a cab -including fuel and wear & tear -was only Rs 3.5 per km. The rest is the driver salary and the operator's commission. "The entire market is seeing huge growth," he said.And that might now accelerate if commuters -who have generally felt harassed by autorickshaw drivers -turn to AC cabs for short distances.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti October Sales Dip 1% to 1 03 973 UnitsYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti October Sales Dip 1.1% to 1,03,973 Units
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 11:53 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
New Delhi: Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 per cent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
The company said its domestic sales rose by 1 per cent during the month to 97,069 units as against 96,062 units in October, 2013.
Sales of mini segment cars, including M800, Alto, A-Star and WagonR, declined by 9.2 per cent to 35,753 units compared to 39,379 units in the year-ago month, MSI said in a statement.
The company said sales of the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Ritz, Dzire declined by 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units in October this year as against 38,410 units last year.
MSI said sales of its compact sedan Dzire Tour rose by 42.4 per cent during the month under review at 1,408 units as against 989 units in October, 2013.
The sales of company's mid-sized sedan Ciaz, which was launched in October, stood at 6,345 units. The company had sold 262 units of SX4 sedan in the same period of 2013. There was no sale of premium sedan Kizashi during the month.
Sales of utility vehicles, including Gypsy, Grand Vitara and Ertiga, declined by 16.7 per cent at 6,027 units in October this year from 7,236 units in the corresponding month last year.
Sales of vans -- Omni and Eeco -- increased by 6.8 per cent to 10,453 units in October this year, as against 9,786 units in the same period of previous year. Exports during the month declined by 23.5 per cent to 6,904 units compared to 9,025 units in October last year, MSI said.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 11:52 (IST)

Ceat plans Rs 470 crores invest to expand capacityCeat plans Rs 470 crores invest to expand capacity
M&M October sales down 15% at 42 776 unitsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
M&M October sales down 15% at 42,776 units
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra today reported a 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October.
It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
M&M’s domestic sales declined by 15.71 per cent to 40,274 units last month as against 47,787 units a year earlier.
Sales of passenger vehicles including Scorpio, XUV 500, Xylo, Bolero and Verito stood at 19,254 units, compared with 22,924 units in October 2013, down 16 per cent.
Four-wheel commercial vehicle sales were down by 14.68 per cent to 14,812 units in October 2014 as against 17,362 units in the year-ago month, M&M said.
Exports were down by 9.7 per cent to 2,502 units from 2,771 units in the same period a year earlier.
M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International Operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said: “Our sales for the month of October remain subdued on the back of overall sentiment and high interest rates. However I’m happy with our retail sales this month, which has helped bring the system stocks to an optimal level.”
He hoped that the recently announced deregulation of diesel prices will also support the auto industry.
“We are happy with the response to our new generation Scorpio for which we are thankful to our customers,” Shah added.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Power blackout hits BangladeshDhaka, Nov 1:  
A nationwide power blackout hit Bangladesh today when a transmission line supplying electricity from India broke down.
The interconnection line used for transmission of 450 MW at Bheramara in Kushtia district tripped at 11:30 am, a source at the Power Development Board (PDB) said.
The sudden vacuum caused disruption of power generation at all power plants across the country, the Daily Star reported.
Some power plants resumed generation at around 1:00 pm.
State Power Minister Nasrul Hamid Bipu said power generation is expected to return to near normal by evening.
Power supply has resumed on an emergency basis at Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport in Dhaka and major hospitals.
Airport operations continued on generators since noon, said Rezaul Karim, Public Relations Officer of the Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh.
Dhaka Medical College and Hospital, the country’s largest public hospital, also used a standby generator.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Ford India sales decline 22% in OctHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ford India sales decline 22% in Oct
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
Ford India today reported a decline of 22.12 per cent in total sales at 11,630 units in October.
It had sold 14,935 units in the same month of last year, Ford India said in a statement.
Its domestic sales also declined by 26.62 per cent to 6,723 units in October as against 9,163 units in the same month of last year, it added.
Ford’s exports also declined by 14.98 per cent to 4,907 units last month as against 5,772 units in the year-ago period.
Ford India Marketing, Sales and Service Executive Director Anurag Mehrotra said: “Macro-economic indicators suggest a gradual recovery in the economy. But the positive customer sentiment is yet to translate into vehicle sales, potentially due to high interest rates and inflation.”
The company said it has commenced a third shift of production at the Chennai vehicle assembly and engine plant in October to further improve supplies of its products.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Bourses have blast post-Diwali too; Sensex  Nifty hit newpeakBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 4:53 pm
Riding high on a slew of positive developments on domestic and global fronts, the shares galloped in the just-concluded week with the key benchmark indices scaling never seen before levels.
Both the S&P BSE benchmark Sensex and CNX Nifty conquered new historic peaks in post-Diwali week on persistent buying on hopes of more reform measures from the Narendra Modi Government.
There were also expectations of better growth in the second half of the current fiscal besides heavy buying by foreign funds.
Strong global rally after Japan unexpectedly expanded its monetary stimulus programme and US economy grew at a robust pace also boosted the domestic market sentiment.
Investors cheered the Modi Government’s move to ease FDI rules in construction sector and the US Federal Reserve decision to stick to low interest rate regime.
Brokers said fresh dose of capital inflows, healthy corporate earnings and rating agency Moody’s favourable report on rating profile of India also boosted buying as investors bought shares across-the-board.
The Sensex resumed strong at 26,959.57 and continued to move upwards to settle at a new historic high of 27,894.32 before concluding the week at 27,865.83, showing a robust rise of 1,014.78 points, or 3.78 per cent, over the last week.
The 30-share index has gained a staggering 1,757.30 points, or 6.73, per cent, in the two weeks.
The 50-issue CNX Nifty of NSE also flared up by 307.65 points, or 3.84 per cent, to finish at 8,322.20 after hitting a fresh lifetime high of 8,330.75.
“Much-needed reforms from the new Government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed’s low interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan’s sudden stimulus announcement gave the markets a huge boost,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment also got a leg up after the US released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world’s biggest economy grew at a healthy 3.5 per cent in the September quarter.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices and renewed buying by foreign funds fuelled the spectacular rally.
“Fed’s statement (on keeping interest rates low) injected confidence in the markets. This, combined with strong earnings performance by index stocks, took markets beyond all their previous highs,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice-President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) and FIIs bought shares net Rs 3,953.96 crore during the week, as per the SEBI’s record, including the provisional figure of October 31.
Twenty-seven scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack finished higher, while only three ended lower.
Major gainers were Gail India (10.10 pct), Hindalco (9.27 pct), HDFC (7.19 pct), Tata Steel (6.61 pct), BHEL (6.54 pct), Tata Power (6.47 pct), Infosys (6.45 pct), Cipla (6.15 pct), Larsen (6.11 pct), TCS (5.64 pct), Maruti (5.48 pct), Reliance Ind (4.85 pct), Coal India (4.71 pct), SCI (4.62 pct) continued…

CPM@50: A look at the history and future of India s largest Communist partyWritten by Manoj C G | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:27 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:37 am
THE BEGINNING
On October 31, 1964, exactly 50 years ago, began the first party Congress of the CPI(M) in Kolkata, then Calcutta. In April, the Communist Party of India (CPI) had split — the 32 members who walked out its national council meeting were the founding members of the CPI(M).
THE SPLIT
The split was the result of a prolonged inner party struggle about the strategy for the “Indian revolution”, and the growing divide between the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and the Communist Party of China. The CPI Congress held in Bombay after the split blamed it on the Chinese aggression and factionalism. In 2000, Harkishan Singh Surjeet, one of the nine members of the CPM’s first Politburo, wrote: “A section of the leadership was arrested and put behind bars on the pretext of being pro-China… The other section tried to use this opportunity to capture the Party machinery at all levels… The leadership that was jailed… was to constitute the CPI(M) later on…”
INITIAL SUCCESS
A year after the split, the CPM won 40 seats in the Kerala assembly elections, emerging as the single largest party. The CPI got only three seats. Three years later, a CPM-led government under E M S Namboodiripad came to power in Kerala. It went on to form governments four times in the state. In West Bengal, Jyoti Basu became the deputy chief minister in the first United Front ministry, and again in 1969.
THE HIGHS…
In 1977, the Left Front government with CPM at its head came to power in West Bengal, and ruled until 2011. By the 1980s, the CPM had become a force to reckon with at the national level. It propped up the National Front government under V P Singh and, in 1996, the United Front governments under H D Deve Gowda and I K Gujral.
…AND LOWS
Inner-party conflicts roiled the party in the late 1960s because of the Naxalbari uprising. Charu Mazumdar and Kanu Sanyal left the CPM after the Burdwan plenum of 1968, and founded the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist). In the mid-1970s, founding general secretary Sundarayya resigned.
The decline in West Bengal began towards the end of 2006. The CPM suffered reverses in local body and municipality elections. In 2009, the CPM suffered a major setback in the Lok Sabha elections, its strength coming down to 16 from 44. Two years later, it lost power in West Bengal. It is yet to recover; in 2014, it won just two Lok Sabha seats in the state.
HISTORIC BLUNDER AND AFTERWARD
THE FIRST choice for prime minister of the United Front government was Jyoti Basu. But the CPM said no, a decision Basu called “a historic blunder”.
BUT the CPM continued to play a major role in the UF government, its then general secretary Harkishan Singh Surjeet emerged as kingmaker. The CPI joined the UF government, but the CPM did not.
IN 2004, the CPM decided to extend outside support to a Congress-led government, a first continued…

New credit transfer system to be presented on Nov 11New credit transfer system to be presented on Nov 11
Virgin Galactic suffers fatal rocket crashBranson vows to push ahead with space tourism after rocket crash
Robert Wright and Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd2c4aa-612d-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Corporate : Deepak Nitrite issues Commercial Papers worth Rs 25 croreCorporate : Deepak Nitrite issues Commercial Papers worth Rs 25 crore
Audi recalls 6 758 units of A4 sedans in IndiaAudi recalls 6 758 units of A4 sedans in India
Sony  pull the plug© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/bc60c430-3e60-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australia horse breeders win mine battleAustralia horse breeders win Anglo American coal mine battle
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8cae059e-58ab-11e4-942f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

University of Delhi India s Best in This Global RankingConsumers to Get Choice to Select Power Discom: Piyush Goyal
University of Delhi has emerged as the best global university in India, according to the U.S. News & World Report's first-ever global ranking of universities, which also included regional categories.
The university ranked 45 in 'The Best Global Universities In Asia', ahead of any other Indian institute and came in at number 316 in the overall 'Best Global Universities' list.
Other Indian institutes that made it to the list were Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore at number 46 (Asia rankings) and number 323 (global rankings), Indian Institute of Technology Bombay (IIT-B) at number 65 (Asia rankings) and 405 (global rankings) and Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur (IIT-K) at number 86 (Asia rankings) and number 484 (global rankings).
The Asia rankings were topped by University of Japan, Tokyo that came in at the 24th spot in the global rankings, while Harvard University emerged on top of the global rankings. The top 10 best global universities were dominated by American schools with eight of them in it.
The overall rankings cover 500 institutions spread across 49 countries. ( See Full List )
The rankings are specifically focussed on schools' overall academic research and reputation and not their separate undergraduate or graduate programs, the report said. The schools were evaluated based on their academic research performance and their global and regional reputations, it said.
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 15:08 (IST)

IBM  Twitter to Partner on Business Data AnalyticsYou are here: Home Corporates
IBM, Twitter to Partner on Business Data Analytics
Reuters | Updated On: October 30, 2014 00:15 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
Washington: International Business Machines Corp on Wednesday announced a partnership with Twitter to help shape business decisions using data collected from tweets worldwide.
IBM will help businesses predict trends in the marketplace and consumer sentiment about products and brands and will train 10,000 employees to consult businesses on the best use of Twitter data.
IBM chief executive Ginni Rometty has been trying to shift the 100-year-old company's focus away from commoditized hardware to higher-value cloud and data analytics products.
In April, Twitter acquired social data provider Gnip to burrow into the 500 million tweets sent daily on its network.
Enterprise clients will now be able to filter the data based on geography, public biographical information and the emotion expressed in the tweet.
"We are taking this huge fire-hose of data (and) letting clients decide how to dose that down," Seth McGuire, senior business development manager at Twitter, told Reuters in an interview.
The company previously allowed third-party firms such as Gnip, Datasift and Dataminr to buy access to the tweets and then resell that data to corporate clients.
While other data analysis software for businesses exists, Twitter hopes the partnership with IBM's established businesses will draw in customers.
IBM plans to offer Twitter data as part of its analytics services delivered through cloud computing, including cognitive computing.
Software developers will also be able to use Twitter data in applications they are building using IBM's Bluemix and Watson Developer Cloud offering.
"Data is the phenomenon of our time," IBM's Ms Rometty said.
"Twitter has created something extraordinary. When you bring this together with other kinds of information and leverage IBM's innovations in analytics, Watson and cloud, business decision making will never be the same," she told an event announcing the launch.
"This is a huge milestone for Twitter," Twitter CEO Dick Costolo said, adding, "IBM brings a unique ability to integrate complex systems and data to help clients make better business decisions."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

French Drug Maker Sanofi Sacks CEO ViehbacherYou are here: Home Corporates
French Drug Maker Sanofi Sacks CEO Viehbacher
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 22:51 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
Paris: Sanofi's board ousted its chief executive of six years at a special meeting on Wednesday, two days after it emerged he had fallen out with the French drug maker's chairman, wiping more billions off its market value.
The management turmoil comes at a particularly awkward time for France's second-biggest listed company, after it warned on Tuesday that growth in its key diabetes business would likely stall next year.
The board said on Wednesday Sanofi would continue the strategy of international expansion pursued under Chris Viehbacher, blaming his dismissal on his management style and poor relations with the board.
But some analysts fear the company may become more insular.
"Viehbacher tried hard to change the DNA of the company but the board won in the end. Sanofi will become more parochial now," said Navid Malik, head of life sciences research at Cenkos Securities in London.
Shares in Sanofi were down more than 4 per cent in morning trade. That takes their decline over the past three days to more than 15 per cent, wiping almost 17 billion euros ($22 billion) from the company's market value - or more than the entire market capitalisation of French carmaker Renault.
Sanofi said chairman Serge Weinberg would take on the CEO role until a replacement for the ousted German-Canadian Viehbacher was found. Mr Weinberg said on a conference call there had already been contacts with potential candidates in the pharmaceutical industry and nationality would not be a factor.
"We want to choose the best possible boss for Sanofi, so we'll take the time that's needed," Weinberg said, adding the board would strive to go "as fast as possible".
Unanimous decision
Sanofi's first non-French boss, Mr Viehbacher transformed a national champion into a global business, largely due to the $20 billion acquisition of US biotech and rare diseases company Genzyme in 2011, which tipped the enlarged group's centre of gravity away from Paris and towards Boston.
But his straight-talking and sometimes brusque management style raised the hackles of trade unions, and a source close to the board told Reuters this week that it was unhappy at the lack of communication from an "authoritarian, solitary, secret" CEO.
Mr Viehbacher did not inform the board when he recently oversaw a review of what to do with an $8 billion portfolio of off-patent drugs in Europe, most of which are produced in France. The options studied leaked to the press and fired up tensions.
Mr Weinberg said the unanimous decision from the board's 15 members to remove Mr Viehbacher stemmed mainly from his management style and poor cooperation. He also cited problems with Mr Viehbacher's execution of group strategy, pointing to inventory problems in Brazil last year, a slowdown in sales in China and Tuesday's warning on its diabetes business.
The fact Mr Viehbacher moved to Boston in June did not help relations improve, but his change of residence was not the root of the dispute, one source close to the board said.
Uncertainty over Mr Viehbacher's role first surfaced on Monday with the publication of a September 4 letter he sent to the board asking for clarity about his position.
A source close to the matter said Wednesday's board meeting lasted only 30 minutes and was relaxed. "Chris Viehbacher thanked everybody and said he respected the board's decision. He seemed prepared," the source said.
French cosmetics group L'Oreal is Sanofi's largest shareholder, with a stake of 9 per cent. Officials at the company were not immediately available to comment.
M&A?
Some investors were disappointed Sanofi did not set out a plan on Tuesday to offset problems at its diabetes unit with cost cuts. However, Citi analyst Peter Verdult said scope for significant cuts was limited by the need to invest in the new drug pipeline. It is also difficult for Sanofi to cut its domestic cost base in France, due to strict French labour laws.
One lever Sanofi could pull would be to make further acquisitions, according to Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson.
"Generally speaking, in the pharmaceutical sector, larger M&A deals tend to happen when companies are in difficult straits and this is where Sanofi seems to be at the moment," he said.
Sanofi has stayed somewhat on the sidelines of a global tide of mergers and acquisitions in the industry over the past year.
Weinberg ruled out mega-deals, saying these rarely created value, but said the group would keep looking at targeted acquisitions to strengthen its existing businesses.
"It's not because we haven't acted lately on this front that we won't do so tomorrow, but we are not interested in big operations, in what we call mega-mergers," he said.
(1 US dollar = 0.7853 euro)
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

WhatsApp Founders Own Nearly $9 Billion in Facebook StockYou are here: Home Corporates
WhatsApp Founders Own Nearly $9 Billion in Facebook Stock
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 30, 2014 16:12 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
San Francisco: WhatsApp founders Jan Koum and Brian Acton received 116 million shares of Facebook stock currently worth nearly $9 billion when they sold their unprofitable messaging service to the social networking leader earlier this month.
The breakdown of the big winners in Facebook Inc.'s $22 billion acquisition emerged yesterday in a regulatory filing.
Koum, a Ukraine immigrant who was once living on welfare, reaped the biggest jackpot with 76.4 million Facebook shares now worth $5.8 billion. That makes him Facebook's fourth largest stockholder behind company CEO Mark Zuckerberg and two mutual funds, Fidelity Management and Vanguard.
Acton, who worked with Koum when they were both Yahoo Inc. engineers, owns 39.7 million Facebook shares worth $3 billion.
More than 45 other WhatsApp current and former employees also received Facebook stock. Yesterday's filing didn't specify how many shares most of the other employees received.
Besides the Facebook stock, Koum and Acton also were paid a large chunk of the $4.6 billion in cash that was included in the WhatsApp acquisition. The amount of cash that the WhatsApp founders received hasn't been disclosed.
Both Koum, 38, and Acton, 42, rank among the 200 richest people in the US, according to Forbes' rankings.
Koum remains WhatsApp's CEO and also sits on Facebook's board of directors. He is being paid an annual salary of just $1, but will receive an additional 24.9 million shares of Facebook stock that will vest during the next four years. That restricted stock is currently worth about $1.9 billion.
Although WhatsApp ranks among the world's most popular messaging apps, it hasn't turned a profit yet. The service lost $232.5 million on revenue of just $15 million during the first six months of this year, according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
WhatsApp's revenue primarily comes from an annual subscription fee of 99 cents that kicks in after one year of free service.
Zuckerberg hasn't spelled out how WhatsApp will make money yet, a sign that Facebook intends to subsidize the service while it tries to expand its reach beyond its current 500 million users.
Some investors are worried about Facebook's rising costs to pay for the development of new services and employees picked up in acquisitions. Facebook expects its expenses to rise by as much as 75 per cent next year, a rate that might outpace its revenue growth. That prospect rattled investors, causing Facebook's stock to shed $4.91, or 6 per cent, to at $75.86 yesterday.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 16:10 (IST)

E-commerce  Euphoria  to Last Only for 18 Months: BiyaniNew Delhi: The euphoria over the scorching pace of e-commerce market in India will last about 18 months as things begin to settle down and "reality" sets in, Future Group chief Kishore Biyani said on Thursday.
Mr Biyani has recently partnered with global e-tailing giant Amazon to sell its merchandise exclusively online.
Known as a pioneer of Indian retail chains, Mr Biyani had criticised Flipkart and other e-commerce firms in India for under-cutting the market and selling products at below the cost price, saying that it would hurt other retail channels.
"The euphoria should last for 6-18 months. Then it will be over. You can't live in the euphoria and reality will set in," Mr Biyani said at the Technopak Leadership Forum, E-tailing 2014.
Estimated to be a $3 billion segment, the Indian e-commerce sector has been growing at a massive pace with players like Snapdeal and Flipkart, raising well over $4 billion from a range of investors including angel and private equity firms.
Also, world's largest online retailer Amazon has committed investment of $2 billion in the country over the next few years.
Asked if the brick and mortar stores will be impacted severely by the growing preference for online shopping, Mr Biyani said all formats will survive.
"They will all survive, but not in their original form," he said.
Citing the example of Future Group he said the company has a mix of online and offline presence that helps them reach to customers.
"People used to go to haats and exhibitions in the past. They have not gone away. These will change forms but they will be there in some form," he said.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $32 billion by 2020.
According to reports, of the $1.02 billion dollars of investment that came into all software companies in India in 2013, as much as $808 million was in e-commerce companies.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 21:15 (IST)

India s Universal Healthcare Rollout to Cost Rs 1.6 TrillionBank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
India's universal health plan that aims to offer guaranteed benefits to a sixth of the world's population will cost an estimated Rs 1.6 lakh crore ($26 billion) over the next four years, a senior health ministry official said.
Under the National Health Assurance Mission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government would provide all citizens with free drugs and diagnostic treatment, as well as insurance cover to treat serious ailments.
The proposed plan would be rolled out in phases from April 2015 and will cover the entire population by March 2019, C.K. Mishra, an additional secretary at the health ministry, told Reuters. When the entire population is covered, it would cost an estimated $11.4 billion annually.
"If you want to deliver the service, that is what it will take," Mr Mishra said, disclosing for the first time an expert group's cost estimates that will be considered by the finance ministry for inclusion in the government's spending plans.
Healthcare experts caution that it could take decades before India's 1.2 billion people are adequately covered and that the costs of provision could face significant upward pressure.
If approved, India would need to drastically raise its healthcare spending. In the current financial year, the budget allocated about $5 billion to healthcare.
"We are not in a position to implement it across the regions, states (right now). It's impossible. So we are choosing number of districts each year," said Mr Mishra.
Despite rapid economic growth in the last 20 years, the government spends only about 1 percent of gross domestic product on healthcare. That compares to 3 percent in China and 8.3 percent in the United States.
More newborns die in India than in poorer neighbours such as Bangladesh, and preventable illnesses such as diarrhoea kill more than a million children every year.
Government hospitals are overcrowded and lack resources to meet the growing demand, while access to basic health services in rural areas and smaller towns remains poor.
"I can say that you are covered, but your closest facilities are 100 kilometres away. You are limited by that fact," said Rana Mehta, leader of healthcare at consultants PwC India.
"To build infrastructure and then provide care over a period of time would obviously take decades."
A 2012 study by Indian business lobby FICCI and consultants EY estimated that universal health cover in India was feasible in a decade and would require government health spending to rise to 3.7-4.5 percent of GDP.
PLAN STRUCTURE
The new plan will focus on improving preventive healthcare services by ensuring adequate availability of medical practitioners in rural areas, while new infrastructure will be created under existing welfare programmes, Mr Mishra said.
Tertiary care services would be provided through an insurance-based model and the government will offer more than 50 drugs free to all its citizens.
Along with the drugs, about 12-15 diagnostic treatments will be offered in the package.
Mr Mishra said states will be encouraged to enter into outsourcing agreements for the provision of treatment.
In recent years, thousands of small private hospitals and test centres have flourished, betting on high demand created by lack of adequate public facilities. Such providers opened 80 percent of India's new hospital beds during 2002-2012, according to a PwC-NatHealth report.
While private players will be involved in the ambitious programme, the government will need to ensure speedy payments for the partnership to work, said Harish Pillai, chief operating officer at private healthcare group Indus Health.
"Private providers can definitely help and execute it better, but the government should not only see us as commercially-driven entities," said Pillai.
The World Bank and Britain's health cost-effectiveness agency NICE are also assisting India, providing technical assistance and advice on treatments the government should offer in the package, the bank said last week.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Australian betting market off to the racesAustralian betting market off to the races
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/606bc3f0-60b1-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ladbrokes shares slide over regulatory concernsLadbrokes shares slide over regulatory concerns
Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79876df2-5a86-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoJ opts for fresh dose of shock and aweBank of Japan opts for another dose of shock and awe
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/765a7ea8-60c6-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Danone extends China dairy market pushDanone pushes deeper into China dairy market
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/283e0bb0-60ba-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBS makes 400m provision for forex probeRBS makes £400m provision for forex probe
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c148b62-60d0-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Creditor banks move on Mallyas mansionIndian creditor banks move in on Vijay Mallya’s Goa mansion
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecc7a27a-60d3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

you know we said about two years  rightBen McLannahan
Ben McLannahan covers markets and economics for the FT from Tokyo, and before that he wrote Lex notes from London and Hong Kong. He studied English at Cambridge University and joined the FT in 2007, after stints at the Economist Group and Institutional Investor.

United Spirits swings to $728m lossDiageo’s emerging market woes deepen
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi and Scheherazade Daneshkhu in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/609328d4-33fa-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vijay Mallya feels Indian bankers ireVijay Mallya feels full force of frustration within India’s banks
By Amy Kazmin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1ff0cb0-3292-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Study: Milk may not be very good for bones or the bodyBy Abby Phillip October 31 Follow @abbydphillip
This file photo shows gallons of milk arranged at a Milwaukee grocery store. (AP Photo/Dinesh Ramde, File)
Milk is often touted as one of nature's most perfect foods -- and for good reason. It contains many essential nutrients and in particular, the high calcium content has been touted as crucial for good bone health when fortified with vitamin D, as it is in the United States.
But a new study from researchers in Uppsala University in Sweden suggests that consuming more milk could actually be associated with higher mortality and bone fractures in women and higher mortality in men.
“I've looked at fractures during the last 25 years. I've been puzzled by the question because there has again and again been a tendency of a higher risk of fracture with a higher intake of milk,” said the study's lead author Karl Michaelsson, a professor at Uppsala University.
The study, published in the British Medical Journal , utilized data from two large, long-term Swedish studies of adult men and women, which asked about their dietary habits -- how much and what types of milk and dairy products they consumed.
Women who consumed three or more glasses of milk a day had a higher risk of fracture and a higher risk of death. Men who drank three or more glasses of milk a day had a slightly higher risk of death -- mostly associated with cardiovascular death -- compared to those who drank less than one glass a day. And there was no reduced risk of fracture as milk consumption increased.
Michaelsson's team also analyzed data from the two studies about the levels of a biological marker of stress in some of the participants.
In both men and women, the amount of milk they consumed was also associated with higher levels of a biological stress marker -- oxidative stress -- which has been associated with aging, cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Other studies have observed a similar -- and seemingly paradoxical -- relationship between the consumption of calcium-rich milk and bone fractures.
Meta-analysis studies in 2007 and 2011 found that there was no association between hip fractures risk and milk consumption.
But why milk consumption might be associated with mortality is a much more difficult question to answer.
Notably, the association between fractures or mortality and dairy consumption was not seen with derivatives of milk, such as cheese, yogurt, sour milk, and other fermented products. In fact, in Michaelsson's analysis, each serving of cheese or fermented milk products reduced rates of mortality and hip fractures by 10-15 percent.
According to Michaelsson, the results suggest that more research is needed to understand whether a specific component of milk -- a sugar called D-galactose-- might play a role in his findings.
D-galactose is known to induce aging in animals, and is linked to increased oxidative stress and inflammation.
“With fermented cheese the level of galactose is very low. It’s not as high as it is in milk,”  Michaelsson said. “Yogurt also has the probiotic effect of bacteria.”
The study is just the latest in a long string of evidence calling into question the health benefits of one of the most popular beverages nature has to offer.
In addition to questions about the benefits of milk consumption for preventing hip fractures and preserving bone density, recent research has linked dairy to ailments, such as acne.  Not to mention that about 65 percent of the world can’t digest the lactose found in generous quantities in milk -- and to a lesser extent in certain cheeses and yogurts -- after infancy.
Recently, Americans -- and indeed much of the world -- have been coming down from their milk high for some time.
Since the 1970s, milk consumption in the United States has dropped  from about 1.5 cups a day to about 0.8 cups a day today.
In some cases, Americans have replaced the drink at lunch and dinner with sugary drinks, such as juices and sodas. But also bottled water and sports drinks are now competing for their attention . But consumers are also now choosing plant-based “milk” products, such as soy, almond, and coconut milks.
With evidence of health benefits of milk eroding with each passing year, some physicians have called into question government recommendations that most adults and adolescents consume up to three cups of milk a day.
In children, encouraging milk consumption through the National School Lunch Program often takes the form of sugar-sweetened chocolate milk, which has sugar content similar to soda, points out David Ludwig, a Harvard professor of nutrition.
In a 2013 paper Ludwig co-wrote, he suggested that there is not enough scientific evidence to support federal milk consumption recommendations.
And in fact, he added, there is more evidence that humans -- who only recently began consuming milk with the domestication of large animals -- don’t need it at all.
“Until very very recently, from an evolutionary perspective, humans would have consumed no milk products at all and would have consumed calcium from other sources,” Ludwig said. “Populations that drink no milk at all have perfectly fine bones.
“Which isn’t to say that milk is necessarily unhelpful, we just lack a good evidence base for the recommendation that we consume such high levels of it.”
Milk, by design, encourages rapid growth in animals through the naturally occurring presence of hormones, which Ludwig suggests could be deleterious to humans over the course of their life span.
“In some situations growth is a good thing, but in others it's not,” Ludwig explained. “To be experiencing life-long over-stimulation of growth pathways could in theory increase risk for cancer.”
Despite these concerns, there is still insufficient, definitive clinical evidence to make recommendations about whether people should continue to consume milk, Michaelsson noted. Still, he's aware that his research casts doubt on the benefits of long-held beliefs about milk.
“This is how we expand our knowledge,” Michaelsson said. “But I'm fully aware that many aren't keen to hear these results.”
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Nokia All Set to Suspend Chennai OperationsYou are here: Home Corporates
Nokia All Set to Suspend Operations at Chennai Plant From Saturday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 22:27 (IST)
AstraZeneca, Ranbaxy Prevail in Nexium Antitrust Trial
Chennai: Eight years after it came into being as one of the world's largest mobile manufacturing facilities, Finnish telecom major Nokia's Chennai plant is all set to suspend operations from Saturday, November 1, due to its exclusion from the Microsoft-Nokia deal.
Nokia started operations at Sriperumbudur plant near here - the second biggest facility by any global firm - in 2006 after Korean auto major Hyundai's came up with its plant in the late 1990s.
After inking the agreement with the Tamil Nadu government in 2004, Nokia began operations at the facility. It directly employed 8,000 people and another 25,000 were associated indirectly with the firm when the facility was operating in full swing.
The facility was producing some of the basic GSM handsets. It was serving the local market, besides exports. However, its decision to sell off the handset business to Microsoft Corp in a $7.5-billion deal earlier this year forced to keep the factory out of the agreement due to a tax dispute with Indian authorities.
In March, the Tamil Nadu government served a Rs 2,400 crore tax notice on Nokia, saying the firm had also sold products from the Chennai plant in the domestic market, instead of shipping them overseas.
In a separate tax case, the Supreme Court had ordered Nokia India on March 14 to give a Rs 3,500 crore guarantee before it transferred the plant to Microsoft.
The Nokia-Microsoft deal was completed on April 25, 2014, but the Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft due to legal issues related to tax demand by the Indian government.
In a statement early this month, Nokia said Microsoft had informed the company it would be terminating manufacturing services defined in the deal, effective from November 1, 2014.
"In the absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility from November 1," Nokia said.
The company had also said the asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long-term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem.
Following the deal inked with Microsoft, Nokia offered a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) to about 5,600 employees.
Nokia had said in the statement that as a responsible employer, it was evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing 851 employees at the facility.
According to Nokia India Employees Union, production at the unit began dwindling from 13 million handsets to just four million units per month in March 2014.
A major portion of machinery from the plant was shifted to other manufacturing facilities of Nokia in Vietnam, they said. Nokia had said it would inform all stakeholders, including the Labour Commissioner of the suspension of operations.
The factory also witnessed tense moments post the deal with Microsoft as several employees who were working at the unit staged protests urging the management to include them on the payroll of Microsoft.
About 3,000 employees affiliated to Nokia India Thozhilalargal Sangam (Nokia India Employees Union) staged a one-day fast in Chennai early this year, seeking to draw the attention of the central and state governments to their plight.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 21:05 (IST)

China tightens grip on mobile messagingChina tightens censorship on mobile messaging apps
By Charles Clover in Beijing and Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81075e92-1e00-11e4-ab52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Artist detained in Tiananmen clampdownArtist Guo Jian detained in latest Tiananmen clampdown
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70078330-ea32-11e3-8dde-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC to set aside 400m for forex probeHSBC to set aside £400m for forex probe
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce493b68-60fd-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti October sales dip 1.1 per cent to 1.04 lakh unitsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India likely to be a big beneficiary of Japanese stimulus: ExpertsYou are here: Home > Collections > India
India is likely to be a big beneficiary of Japanese stimulus, say experts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 1, 2014, 02.30PM IST
Tags:
bonds
(According to experts, the…)
NEW DELHI: Strong global cues from the US and a surprise policy move by the Japanese government fuelled an over 500-point rally on the BSE Sensex on Friday, which pushed the benchmark index to yet another lifetime high.
At a time when investors were speculating that the era of easy money has gone after the US Federal Reserve ended its bond buying programme earlier this week, the Bank of Japan Bank came for the rescue by sharply expanding its stimulus programme.
The Bank of Japan on Thursday decided to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
The S&P BSE Sensex rallied as much as 548 points in trade to touch its fresh record highs of 27,894.32. Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also rallied as much as 161 points in trade to touch its fresh record high of 8,330.75.
But why the Indian markets are so enthused about a stimulus package announced in Japan?
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
"India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens in these regions, the government will reduce the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors are likely to sell off relevant debt instruments," says Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities, say experts.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, explains Gupta.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody's said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, the economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital into India.
Apart from Japan, investors are also betting that the European Central Bank (ECB) will now announce its stimulus program to revive growth in Euro-zone. Experts feel that some of this excess liquidity will be coming to India compared to other emerging market economies.
"Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it," says Dinesh Thakkar - CMD, Angel Broking.
"We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows," he adds.
  FII equity inflows may top $24 bn by FY15
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014.
FIIs have already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets year-to-date and Gupta of CapitalVia Global Research Limited feels that this number can go up to as high as $24bn for FY15, if they (FIIs) continue to invest at the same rate.
And that should be a fair indicator of the base foreign inflow (excluding favourable stimuli like global QEs) given that the major US QE3 is on the wane.
He is of the view that any additional stimulus package may fuel an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each, driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal amount to $40-50bn.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blackout hits Bangladesh as line from India ...Blackout hits Bangladesh as line from India fails
AP Nov 1, 2014, 03.14PM IST
Tags:
Bangladesh
(The blackout was caused…)
DHAKA, BANGLADESH: Bangladesh was hit by a nationwide blackout on Saturday after a transmission line bringing electricity from neighboring India failed, but power was restored to many parts of the country within a few hours, an official said.
The blackout was caused by a "technical glitch" and swept across the impoverished and energy-starved South Asian nation at around noon, said Masum-Al-Beruni, managing director of the state-run Power Grid Company of Bangladesh Ltd. He did not elaborate on the cause.
Officials used "powerful generators" to restore power to some parts of the country by 3 p.m., and they expected the capital, Dhaka , a city of more than 10 million people, to have electricity by Saturday evening, Beruni told The Associated Press. He did not say exactly where in the country power had been restored.
"One by one, we have begun restarting all our substations that supply electricity in Dhaka. The city will get power back as soon as possible," he said.
Dhaka's hospitals and the international airport were able to continue operating unaffected, with emergency generators supplying power.
An aide to Beruni said technicians were also working to restore the link with India. "Our work is progressing fast, we hope to restore the system to a great extent, if not entirely," Mir Motahar Hossain said.
Bangladesh began importing electricity from India in October 2013 through a 400-kilovolt transmission line that runs from Baharampur in the Indian state of West Bengal to the town of Bheramara in southwestern Bangladesh.
The country also has signed agreements with energy companies in Japan, China, Malaysia and the United States to build power plants and boost energy infrastructure as it aims to increase its meager 11,500-megawatt generating capacity. More than a third of Bangladesh's 166 million people have no access to electricity.
Power outages blamed on inefficient and dated grid infrastructure, as well as poor management, are common in Bangladesh, though Saturday's blackout was the worst since 2007, when a powerful cyclone that killed about 2,500 people knocked out the national grid for several hours.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ministries told to expedite budgetary proce...Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board
("In a recent cabinet meeting,…)
NEW DELHI: In a bid to tackle delay in implementation of crucial projects, all ministries have been asked to initiate the budgetary process much in advance so that funds can be released soon after the Budget is passed.
"After the Budget is passed, normally it takes 5-6 months to get the allocated funds released. In a recent cabinet meeting, all ministries have been told to start the necessary work in advance for the next Budget," Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan said at the 41st foundation day of the Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board (ASRB).
This was conveyed to all ministers informally after a recent cabinet meeting, he said.
"We have been told in our Department to start the process now so that funds for crucial schemes are released within 15 days after the Budget is passed in February," he said on the sidelines of the event when asked to elaborate on the issue.
The timely release of allocated funds is crucial for the successful implementation of various schemes, he added.
The Finance Ministry has already initiated the Budgetary exercise for the 2015-16 fiscal by seeking inputs from various Ministries and Departments.
The ministries have been asked to submit revised estimates of expenditure for 2014-15 and demand for grants for the next financial year beginning April 1, 2015.
The Budget, which contains revised estimates for the current financial year and estimates for the next fiscal, is presented on the last working day of February by the Finance Minister in the Lok Sabha. This would be the second Budget of the Modi government .
On availability of agri-talent in the country, Singh said that the country has never faced shortage of talent but the issue has always been "identifying" the right one.
In order to identify the talent pool, Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board (ASRB) is making good efforts.
However, the need of the hour is that the research work of scientists should be transfered to the farm field for achieving next level of growth in the sector, the Minister said.
He called upon the agri-scientists' community to adopt at least one village and undertake work in that area.
On vacancies not getting filled up in the government body Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), the Minister said that efforts will be made to absorb more talent in the next year. "About 600-1000 vacant posts will be filled up in the next year," he said.
Currently in ICAR institutes, about 20 per cent of the total 6,600 cadre strength remains vacant.
By February, ASRB is aiming to fill up 300 vacant posts. Efforts are being made to absorb at the entry level, ASRB Chairman Gurbachan Singh said and suggested talent should also be attracted from abroad.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hyundai sales up 11.54% in Oct | Nissan dips...Hyundai sales up 11.54 per cent in October at 56,010 units
By PTI | 1 Nov, 2014, 02.24PM IST
Tweet
Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) today reported 11.54 per cent increase in total sales at 56,010 units in October this year.
NEW DELHI: Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) today reported 11.54 per cent increase in total sales at 56,010 units in October 2014.
The company had sold 50,212 units in the same month last year, it said in a statement.
In the domestic market, Hyundai sold 38,010 units last month as compared to 36,002 units in October 2013, up 5.57 per cent.
During the month, Hyundai's exports grew by 26.67 per cent to 18,000 units as against 14,210 units in the same period last year.
Commenting on the sales performance, HMIL Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said there was increase in sales in additional and replacement buyers segment with demand led by new models like Elite i20, Xcent, coupled with festival buying.
"We anticipate that this positive momentum would build up further with increase in sales of entry buyers if there is strong promise of improvement in economic and macro factors in rural and urban markets," he added.

Fury: The thin red lineWorld cinema
Fury is a genre war film that rises above the generic, thanks to believable central performances that deliver its uncomfortably realistic content of battle carnage and moral ambiguities.
Yet director David Ayer doesn’t quite push this last territory far enough, and – for understandable reasons – succumbs to showing good guys battling amid bravery and brotherhood. This is a war film after all.
And so I would call it good rather than great, for you can’t shake off the feeling of having seen a lot of it before, in the war greats – Saving Private Ryan, Thin Red Line, Black Hawk Down…
Yet there are some provocative ironies in Fury, not least that it’s set in April 1945 when the Allies have all but won the war. Yet our American protagonists don't feel part of the victorious team: the Germans are defending every last inch of their soil and many will have to die before peace is declared.
No-one understands this more than seasoned Sherman tank commander Sergeant Don “Wardaddy” Collier – played with great sensitivity by a deglamourised Brad Pitt.
Fury
Director: David Ayer
Cast: Brad Pitt, Shia LaBeouf, Logan Lerman, Michael Peña, Jon Bernthal
Storyline: A Sherman tank crew lead by Brad Pitt engages in deadly battle behind enemy lines at the end of World War II.
Bottomline: As Wardaddy informs us: “Ideals are peaceful. History is violent.”
Wardaddy commands a tightly-knit crew - Gordo (Michael Peña), Coon-Ass (Jon Bernthal) and Bible (Shia LaBeouf) - who have weathered many battles together. Into this posse is thrown Norman (Logan Lerman), the proverbial war newbie who lacks the appetite for war – and a war nickname. We wait to see if he will find either during Wardaddy’s dangerous mission into the heart of German territories.
The terror and the bloodshed that ensue are in your face – shattered limbs, charred flesh, bloodied corpses. The tone of the film echoes the brutality of its content – filmed by cinematographer Roman Vasyanov in a palette of greys and browns, amid smoke, sodden earth and cold skies.
Wardaddy and his crew are no lily-white heroes. They live by the credo, kill the Nazis or else be killed by them. Wardaddy thinks nothing of shooting a surrendered German soldier, rather than take him a prisoner of war.
Yet, oddly enough, the film is most successful - and the moral compass at its most precarious - in a domestic set piece, rather than the battlefield. Wardaddy and Norman have discovered two attractive German women (Anamaria Marinca and Alicia von Rittberg) hiding in an apartment in a newly captured town. The scene is long, jittery and chillingly informed by the menace of sexual violence. It's a very thin red line indeed that separates the good guys from the bad.

Bihar boats capsize: 6 drown  7 missing in separate incidentsFor the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Grievance redressal:  CM window  in Haryana ...You are here: Home > Collections
Haryana districts to have 'CM window' for grievance redressal
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 04.09PM IST
Tags:
CM window
(Khattar, who was addressing…)
CHANDIGARH: Haryana government will set up a 'CM window' in each district of the state for grievance redressal of the people.
"A CM-Window would be set up at every district headquarter to redress grievances of the people so that they don't have to come to Chandigarh for the same," Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar was quoted as saying in a statement here.
The Chief Minister also exhorted the officers and officials to be punctual and reach their offices on time.
Khattar, who was addressing the officers of district administration in Faridabad , emphasised on the need to redress grievances of people in a time bound manner.
"It is the foremost duty of public servants to provide timely services to the people," he said, adding the officers would have to work for the people with spirit of service to the society and administration would have to maintain transparency in its functioning.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Boko Haram says kidnapped girls married offBoko Haram says kidnapped girls married off
AP
Maiduguri, Nigeria, November 01, 2014
First Published: 14:22 IST(1/11/2014)
The leader of Nigeria's Islamic extremist group Boko Haram has denied agreeing to any cease-fire with the government and said more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls all have converted to Islam and been married off.
 
In a new video released late Friday night, Abubakar Shekau dashed hopes for a prisoner exchange to get the girls released.
 
"The issue of the girls is long forgotten because I have long ago married them off," he said, laughing. "In this war, there is no going back," he said in the video received by The Associated Press in the same way as previous messages.
 
Nigeria's chief of defense staff, Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh, on October 17 announced that Boko Haram had agreed to an immediate cease-fire to end a five-year insurgency that has killed thousands of people and driven hundreds of thousands from their homes in northeast Nigeria.
 
But attacks and abductions have continued with the extremists this week seizing Mubi, a town of more than 200,000 people. Fighting also continued Friday in Vimtin, the nearby village where Badeh was born.
 
Shekau in August announced that Boko Haram wanted to establish an Islamic caliphate, along the lines of the IS group in Syria and Iraq, and fleeing residents have reported that hundreds of people are being detained for infractions of the extremists' version of strict Shariah law in several towns and villages under their control.
 
Boko Haram's kidnapping of 276 schoolgirls writing exams at a boarding school in the remote northeastern town of Chibok in April prompted an international campaign for their release and criticism of Nigeria's government for not acting quickly to free them. Dozens of the girls escaped on their own in the first couple of days, but 219 remain missing.

Honda Cars sales up 18% in OctoberHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Honda Cars sales up 18% in October
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
Honda Cars India today reported an 18.08 per cent increase in domestic sales at 13,242 units in October.
The company sold 11,214 units in October 2013, Honda Cars India Ltd (HCIL) said in a statement.
Last month, the company sold 1,584 units of small car Brio, 3,482 units of compact sedan Amaze, 2,985 units of the Mobilio and 5,120 units of the mid-sized sedan City. Besides, the company sold 71 units of sports utility vehicle CRV.
In addition, the company exported a total of 357 units during the month.
HCIL also achieved a milestone of crossing one lakh units in the current financial year.
It has registered an overall growth of 43 per cent during the April-October period in 2014 with 1,01,442 units as against 70,831 units in the corresponding period last year.
HCIL Senior Vice-President (Marketing and Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said: “We have clocked excellent sales during the year so far, where all our products have received a tremendous response.”
He further added that from November its Tapukara plant will have full capacity utilisation by starting operations in the second shift and would ensure better availability of the mid-sized sedan Honda City.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Maruti posts marginal growth in Oct salesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti posts marginal growth in Oct sales
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
Car market leader Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) on Saturday reported a marginal growth (1 per cent) in its domestic sales in October.
The company sold 97,069 units during the month compared with 96,062 units sold in October 2013.
It sold 6,345 units of its newly launched sedan, the company said in a statement.
In the mini segment (Alto, WagonR), MSIL sold 35,753 units in October, down 9 per cent, compared with 39,379 units in same period last year.
Sales in compact segment (like Swift, Ritz) also fell 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units during the month against 38,410 units in the corresponding month last year.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Review: New Mahindra Scorpio packs a more powerful stingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bihar: 6 drown  7 missing in separate incidents of boatcapsizeBy: Press Trust of India | Jamui/begusarai | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:12 pm
Six persons were drowned and seven others went missing on Saturday in two separate incidents of boat capsizing in Bihar.
In the first incident in Jamui district, at least five persons drowned when a country boat capsized in deep waters at Garhi dam, Officer In-Charge of Garhi police station Ram Narain Rai said.
Seven others are still missing and search is on to find them, he said.
Rai said 16 persons were on board the boat in which four swam to safety.
They were going to Garhi village for a religious function from Kauwakol village in neighbouring Nawada district, the OC said.
In an another incident in Begusarai district, one person drowned in Balan river while six others swam to safety, District Magistrate Seema Tripathi said.
Seven persons on board were returning to Mansoorchak village after watching a cultural programme in Bharaul village when the mishap took place, the DM said.

Pasala Krishna Rao takes over as Director-Operations of OVLHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Rao is Director (Operations) of ONGC-Videsh
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 1:  
ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL), a subsidiary of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), has appointed Pasala Krishna Rao as Director (Operations).
For Rao, who led the Corporation’s Onshore Asset at Rajahmundry to strong performances, it's an elevation. A significant achievement during his tenure was the selling of naphtha produced in the Rajahmundry unit’s refinery in the international market.
Having joined ONGC in 1982, he rose to the position of Executive Director (Asset Manager) at Rajahmundry. Under his leadership, the Asset bagged awards for efficiency, safety and high performance. It won the national safety award for five consecutive years, a press release stated.
Hailing from Vizianagaram District in Andhra Pradesh, Rao will have a tenure of five years as Director of OVL. On taking over as Director today sharing his growth strategy he said the focus will be on expanding exports and entering new markets.
With his wide experience in deep drilling in different geological conditions to managing rig resources and assets at different ONGC locations and an MBA in marketing, Rao expressed confidence to take up the new responsibility at OVL.
Correction
The headline and first para of this news report have been modified as a previous version incorrectly said Pasala Krishna Rao has been appointed Director-General of ONGC-Videsh.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Maharashtra: Sena cautions CM Fadnavis  says fulfil expectations or face public ireComments
Shiv Sena on Saturday cautioned new Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
Poonam Mahajan clicks a picture of CM Devendra Fadnavis with his mother after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium. (HT photo)
"The new government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said.
This is the first lesson the new government will have to learn, the Sena said amid signs of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways on September 25, just weeks before the assembly polls, which saw BJP emerging as the single largest party in the state.
It is true that there is no magic wand to fulfil promises made (during polls) but people of Maharashtra are looking at the new government, the first led by BJP, with a lot of hope, the publication said. "Mantralaya (the state secretariat) was gutted during the Congress-NCP rule but the aspirations of people had turned into ashes much before that.
"The new chief minister should ensure that his work is like the proverbial Phoenix which rose from the ashes," the Sena organ maintained.
Describing Friday's swearing-in ceremony of the Fadnavis-led ministry as grand (it was also attended by corporate bigwigs), the Sena said the poor, and not the rich or money bags, should get the attention of the administration as was the case during Shivaji's era. "Fadnavis has said he will emulate Shivaji Maharaj's example while ruling the state. He should remember that the real strength of Shivaji's Hindavi swarajya was not the seth and sahukars but the common poor folk."
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attended the inauguration ceremony at Wankhede Stadium after a call from BJP president Amit Shah and other leaders. The party had earlier announced it would keep off the mega event, attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing "constant humiliation" by BJP ahead of government formation. Sena MP Vinayak Raut on Friday said Shah has assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the BJP Government.
Asked about reports that Sena had demanded deputy chief minister's post and threatened to sit in opposition if BJP didn't comply, State BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, "We don't comment on any unofficial report."
When contacted, a Sena leader expressed ignorance about any such "ultimatum" by the party, but added there was no harm if the regional outfit, which has 63 MLAs, got the key post. Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, who took charge on Friday, will seek a vote of confidence in his Government during a special session of the Assembly beginning on November 11, official sources had said on Friday.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Fadnavis 15 days from the day of his Government is sworn in to prove its majority in the 288-member House. Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray made a last-minute appearance at the swearing in ceremony of the first BJP government in Maharashtra yesterday, raising the possibility of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways just three weeks ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls.
Uddhav held talks with BJP President Amit Shah after the mega event. It was not known what transpired at the brief meeting that took place in the Wankhede Stadium premises.
However, Sena MP Vinayak Raut later said Shah has assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the new government. But it was not yet clear when talks between the two parties will resume to arrive at a mutually acceptable power- sharing arrangement.

Digvijaya wants Rahul Gandhi to take over  Congress distancesDigvijay wants Rahul to take over, Cong distances
PTI  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 16:16 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 18:22 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Saturday stirred a controversy by saying that time has come for Rahul Gandhi to take charge of the party from his mother Sonia Gandhi, a statement that was described as his "personal views" by the party.
"It's a general feeling of Congress workers that Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead the party. Therefore, now I think the time has come when Rahul Gandhi should take charge," Singh told reporters here.
Asked about the recent Lok Sabha and Assembly elections losses suffered by the party, he said one should also take into account the wins between 2004 and 2014.
Reminded of his earlier remarks about leadership capabilities of the Congress Vice President, Singh said, "Please revisit my statement. I had said Rahul Gandhi does not hanker after power unlike Mr Modi who cannot live and breathe without power".
The party termed it his personal view. "Whatever Digvijaya Singh has said is his personal view.
The Congress party has always taken collective view when it comes to strengthening of the organisation or in the interest of the country," party spokesperson Anand Sharma told PTI.
He said Sonia was a source of great inspiration for the party. "Rahul Gandhi is also an inspiration and future of the party," Sharma said.

Billionaires  wealth could end poverty in India: reportBillionaires  wealth could end poverty in India: report
LJP appeals to Shiv Sena not to be obstinateLJP appeals to Shiv Sena not to be obstinate
IN PICS: Virgin Atlantic explodes in mid-air during test flightIN PICS: Virgin Atlantic explodes in mid-air during test flight
Blab away through a free appUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:41 IST
Blab away through a free app
Ayyappa Nagubandi
technology (general)
The new iPhone app claims to be a video walkie-talkie with a push to talk functionality
The advent of mobile telephones has taken communication to a whole new level. There was a time when people had to rely on bulky landlines to talk to each other, and there was no way of reaching someone instantaneously if that person was not present at a given number.
Smartphones have taken communication even further by opening up various possibilities, including various marketing and advancement avenues.
iPhone offers tons of different ways to communicate with your friends — phone calls, messaging, Facebook, Twitter, Email, and many more. There are various third party applications (a lot more than ever before) that offer new ways of communication. One of such apps is Blab Video Messenger, a new video messaging system. The app claims to be a video walkie – talkie, and has a push to talk functionality as well.
The app works in tandem with your contacts list and ties up with your phone number to bring forth a new form of messaging. In order to send a Blab video, all you have to do is tap and hold on to the name of a contact. The service will record for the entire time your finger is on the screen. The moment you remove your finger, Blab will send the video to the contact, thus giving you the most seamless integration available. The recipient need not have downloaded Blab, for he will receive it as a regular message. This way, you can get in touch with your friends. But they will not be able to respond with a video if they do not have the app. All the videos you send are private. The makers have recently updated it with the ability of cancelling a video if it does not come out right.
It is a free iPhone app that is quite neat. And worth a try!

Firms plan to hire as environment improvesStory
On an Upswing
Shamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Illustration by Ajay Thakuri.
Shortly after news broke out that Yahoo India was about to lay off 300 employees, social media, Twitter in particular, started buzzing with job offers for those who were being laid off. Several start-ups took to Twitter asking anyone from Yahoo India looking for a job to contact them. One example was this tweet from Deepinder Goyal, Founder, Zomato: "Yeah Who? We're (always) hiring."
After several bad years, things are looking up on the hiring front in the country. Several surveys show that companies across sectors are planning to increase their recruitments in coming months. Data from Timesjobs.com shows 14 per cent growth in hiring in September versus August and Manpower employment data forecasts a 46 per cent rise in hiring for the October-December quarter.
"The worst seems to be behind us and I am unable to see a situation where anomalies occur. There could be company-specific situations, but overall there is optimism," says V. Suresh, Executive Vice President and Head of Sales at job portal Naukri.com. He says there is demand for talent specifically in sectors such as e-commerce, social media and analytics. That is not all. Banking and financial services will create up to 800,000 jobs in the next few years. Rituparna Chakraborty, Co-founder and Senior Vice President at staffing company TeamLease, believes manufacturing is also likely to pick up given the government's initiative to push the 'Make in India' campaign.
Manpower employment data forecasts a 46 per cent increase in hiring for the October-December quarter
S.Y. Siddiqui, Chief Mentor and former HR head at Maruti Suzuki, says positive signs are visible in the auto segment and the momentum will build up by the end of this fiscal year. The oil and gas segment has also seen sustained hiring. Sanjay Singh, former HR director at Cairn India, says there is a shortage of talent in the oil and gas sector globally. "The sector needs specific people like drilling experts and hydraulic engineers, and this need is bound to grow exponentially," he says.
The telecom sector is looking up, too. "The first two quarters [of this fiscal year] have seen a rise in hiring, driven by deployment of new technology, increasing focus on the enterprise business and demand for data services from both rural and urban markets," says Ashok Ramchandran, Director-HR, Vodafone India.
Pharmaceutical and health-care segments are upbeat as well. "A combination of improving quality standards in industry and supportive policies has necessitated growth and need for added capacity," says Chandrasekhar Sripada, President and Global Head of HR at Dr. Reddy's Laboratories. Clearly, hiring across several sectors will not only remain stable but is bound to grow.

Sony to pull back from China mobile marketOctober 31, 2014 9:50 am
Sony to pull back from Chinese mobile market
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58d89258-60cf-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Sensex Has Rallied 1100 Points in 4 DaysMutual Fund Folio Count Rises by 3.5 Lakh in FY'15 So Far
The Sensex jumped over 500 points to hit a record high of 27,894, while the Nifty gained 153 points to end above 8,300 for the first time. Indian stock markets have now gained over 7 per cent in the last 10 trading session and bulls seem firmly in control of the Dalal Street. The Sensex and Nifty were the best performers in Asia today after Japan's Nikkei, which jumped nearly 5 per cent. ( Read )
Here are five reasons why markets have jumped in the last 10 days:
1) The Nifty opened at record highs today, but the big push came from Bank of Japan (BoJ), which stunned markets with new easing steps. BoJ's aggressive efforts to revive its economy augur well for domestic investors as funds from Japan will move into emerging markets such as India, where yields are much higher.
2) BoJ's move comes a day after the US Federal Reserve ended its bond buying programme (called quantitative easing). The end of QE, six years after it started, is negative for India because it marks the end of the easy money policy that drove Indian assets higher. But the recovery in the US economy is good news for Indian exporters. The IT index has jumped 4 per cent in the last two sessions. IT stocks, which have a large weight on the Nifty, are the big drivers of the current rally. Infosys hit its 52-week high today. ( Read the full story here )
3) Foreign investors are back to buying domestic stocks after a brief scare early this month. Over the last 10 days (October 20 to October 30), foreign investors have bought Indian equities worth Rs 3,818 crore. Barring January 2014, FIIs have not been net sellers in the equity market this year. Domestic institutional investors have also been net buyers of Indian equities since May 2014.
4) Renewed expectations of a rate cut as early as in December have given fresh legs to the rally. The continuous slide in global crude prices and diesel decontrol (announced earlier this month) are likely to have a big impact on easing inflation in the coming months. This also means greater pressure on the Reserve Bank to cut rates. Earlier this week, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said "currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates."
5) The current market rally is co-terminus with the announcement of reform measures such as diesel control. Energy reforms have been followed by incremental reforms in other sectors. Last week, the government announced the opening up of the coal sector and on Thursday it eased norms for foreign direct investment in the construction sector. According to Moody's, the economic, fiscal and financial measures undertaken by the government and the RBI are expected to sustain higher growth and tackle constraints on the sovereign rating.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 17:27 (IST)

Virgin Galactic ship suffers fatal crashBranson vows to push ahead with space tourism after rocket crash
Robert Wright and Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd2c4aa-612d-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Communal clash: Five people named in FIR do not exist  one person died in 2002Print
Written by Kumar Anand | Vadodara | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 3:30 pm
One of the persons that police have been hunting for in a communal clash case is believed to have died in 2002, while five other persons whose names are mentioned in the FIR do not exist at all.
The communal clash that took place on October 7 at Changa village in Anand district.
The police arrested 25 people in connection with “rioting and loot” but could not find six out of 31 people who were named in the FIR.
The arrests were made after members of two communities in the village clashed following minor scuffle that took place at a local milk co-operative outlet in the village. The scuffle escalated into riots in which at least one person was severely injured. The members of both communities filed cross FIRs in this connection in the nearby police station and 25out of 31 people were arrested.
Six persons that the police continue to search for “do not exist”, villagers have claimed. They said out of six persons, one of the accused, Ismael Vora died way back in 2002.
“It is surprising how Ismael’s name cropped up in the FIR. As per his death certificate available with his family members, he died on March 3, 2002. The names of at least five other persons are wrong as no such persons live in the village but the police are insisting that they live here and have even harassed persons whose name closely resemble those of names in the FIR,” a social worker, Javed Vora said.
The complainant, Rakesh Patel, is the secretary of village milk co-operative. 24 out of 25 arrested were released on bail but the villagers are mulling to move the court against the police for being harassed in the name of accused who do not exist.

Dont take people for granted: Senagovernment
The party asked the BJP government in Maharashtra to fulfil the expectations of the common man
Shiv Sena on Saturday cautioned new Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
“The new Government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted”
“The new Government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err,” an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said.
This is the first lesson the new Government will have to learn, the Sena said amid signs of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways on September 25, just weeks before the Assembly polls, which saw BJP emerging as the single largest party in the State.
It is true that there is no magic wand to fulfil promises made (during polls) but people of Maharashtra are looking at the new Government, the first led by BJP, with a lot of hope, the publication said.
“Mantralaya (the State Secretariat) was gutted during the Congress-NCP rule but the aspirations of people had turned into ashes much before that. The new Chief Minister should ensure that his work is like the proverbial Phoenix which rose from the ashes,” the Sena organ maintained.
Describing Friday’s swearing in ceremony of the Fadnavis-led Ministry as grand (it was also attended by corporate bigwigs), the Sena said the poor, and not the rich or money bags, should get the attention of the administration as was the case during Shivaji’s era.
“He (Fadnavis) should remember that the real strength of Shivaji’s Hindavi swarajya was not the seth and sahukars but the common poor folk”
“Fadnavis has said he will emulate Shivaji Maharaj’s example while ruling the state. He should remember that the real strength of Shivaji’s Hindavi swarajya was not the seth and sahukars but the common poor folk.”
Mr. Thackeray attended the inauguration ceremony at Wankhede Stadium after a call from BJP president Amit Shah and other leaders. The party had earlier announced it would keep off the mega event, attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing “constant humiliation” by BJP ahead of Government formation.
Sena MP Vinayak Raut on Friday said Mr. Shah had assured Mr. Thackeray of a positive decision on participation of his party in the BJP Government.
 

5 Tips for Entrepreneurs to Manage Their Financesreddit
While there a number of factors that can determine the success of a business, financial management is arguably one of the most important factors. Remember, if you aren't able to keep your finances in order, how can you expect to create a budget, pay bills or handle cash flow?
The only problem is that not all entrepreneurs are able to manage their finances -- which isn't a knock since not all of us familiar with areas like accounting. If that's the case, then you need to review the following five tips to assist you in managing your finances.
1. LLC or S Corporation?
When starting a new business you will have to make a decision on which kind of incorporation you'll use for your business. Two of the more popular choices are the limited liability company (LLC) and the S Corporation .
This decision will have a major impact on how you manage your finances since it determines how you will pay for income taxes, Social Security and Medicare taxes. But, which should you chose?
SBA.gov notes that an LLC "never pays taxes; instead, the owner's share of business income, deductions, credits and other tax items pass through and are reported on the owner's tax return." Furthermore, since LLCs are also subject to self employment taxes. This means that they are responsible to "pay self-employment tax on their share of net earnings from the business."
If you select an S Corporation, you'll receive a salary. Because of this, you do not have to be concerned with self-employment taxes -- which means that you won't be paying as much for employment taxes.
The reason this is so important is because if you're operating a small business, you could be spending an unnecessary amount for income taxes.
2. Learn How to Read a Financial Statement A financial statement does something extremely important; it shows "where a company's money came from, where it went, and where it is now." SEC.gov states that there are four parts to a financial statement.
Balance Sheets: This provides information regarding  company's assets, liabilities and shareholders' equity.
Income Statements: This shows how much revenue has been during a certain period of time, which is usually during one year.
Cash Flow Statements: This statement analyzes operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities.
Statements of Shareholder's Equity
If you're able to read the financial statement you'll be able to effectively manage your finances.
3. Create a Cash Reserve
One of the cons of being an entrepreneur is that you don't have a consistent income. On top of this, there's a very good possibility that you won't make any money for an extended period of time. This is why you need to have some money aside for emergencies as well as 100 percent out of debt.  Here are a few tips to get out of debt by the end of the year . The last thing that you want is to worry about is having debts due and no money to pay them with.
NOLO.com suggests that set aside 5 percent of your paycheck so that it will help pay for expenses for one year. You could also monitor how much money you spend each month to help determine how much to set aside in your cash reserve -- and where to trim if you need to cut costs.
Remember, you want to keep these funds somewhere accessible, such as a savings account or money market account.
4. Diversify
While this may sound counterproductive, diversifying funds is a great way to increase growth or provide a little extra breathing room during a rough patch. For example, what if your original market dries up? You may have to consider other ways of increasing revenue by introducing new services or products. In other situations you may have to pivot.
By placing funds into a side business or investments you will be able to pull in a little extra money or have emergency funds.
5. Get a Little Help
As an entrepreneur, you've got a full plate. Why not make things easier by using some powerful tools to help manage your money. Whether it's creating invoices, establishing a budget or deciphering taxes, you can use tools like Mint , FreshBooks , QuickBooks or Expensify to help you tackle financial obstacles.
And, if all else fails, you can always seek the advice from a financial advisor or consultant if you have any tax or accounting concerns.
 

2G PMLA case: Raja  Kanimozhi  Ammal & others put ...2G PMLA case: Raja  Kanimozhi  Ammal & others put ...
Term of 14th Finance Commission extended by two monthsTerm of 14th Finance Commission extended by two months
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
The Centre has extended the term of the 14th Finance Commission by two months. Accordingly, the Commission has got time to submit its report by December 31. The Commission is a constitutional body and its recommendations are binding on the Government.
A Finance Ministry statement said the Commission ha d sought extension of time by two months for submission of its report up to December 31, 2014, to examine financial projections and carry out consultations with the Governments of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. This was done in view of the additional terms of reference made to the Commission on June 2 to make recommendations for newly created States after reorganisation of the State of Andhra Pradesh in accordance with the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014.
The President constituted the 14th Commission on January 1, 2013. It will give its recommendations regarding the sharing of Union taxes, principles governing Grants-in-aid to States, and transfer of resources to local bodies. Originally the Commission was to submit its report on the basis of its terms of reference by October 31, covering a period of five years from April 1, 2015, to March 31, 2020.
For this edition of the commission, it has also been asked, while making recommendations, to consider the impact of the proposed Goods & Services Tax (GST) on the finances of the Centre and States and the mechanism for compensation in case of any revenue loss. The Government plans to introduce GST from April 1, 2016.
Former RBI Governor Y V Reddy is the Chairman of the Commission, while noted economist and former Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen, former Finance Secretary Sushama Nath, Director, National Institute for Public Finance and Policy M Govinda Rao, and former Acting Chairman of the National Statistical Commission Sudipto Mundle are members. Ajay Narayan Jha is the Secretary to the Commission.
The Finance Commission is constituted by the President under Article 280 of the Constitution, mainly to give its recommendations on distribution of tax revenues between the Union and the States and amongst the States themselves. Two distinctive features of the Commission’s work involve redressing the vertical imbalances between the taxation powers and expenditure responsibilities of the Centre and the States, respectively, and equalisation of all public services across the States.
It is the duty of the Commission to make recommendations to the President such as the principles which should govern the grants-in-aid of the revenues of the States out of the Consolidated Fund of India. It also suggests measures needed to augment the Consolidated Fund of a State to supplement the resources of the panchayats and municipalities in the State. Its functions also include finding any other matter referred to the Commission by the President in the interests of sound finance.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Tea industry in South seeks relief measures from GovtTea industry in South seeks relief measures from Govt
L N Revathy
Coimbatore, Nov 1:  
The South Indian tea industry has sought immediate relief measures from the Government to safeguard the plantations.
“The industry is in dire straits due to falling tea prices, steep increase in labour costs and rising fertiliser cost. If the Centre and State Governments do not come to the aid of this ailing sector, tea plantations would have no option but cut down on all developmental works like replanting and cutting down on inputs, which in turn would have social repercussions,” says Vijayan Rajes, President the United Planters’ Association of Southern India.
Stating that the current crisis is taking the industry back to the worst ever period the tea growers had since the beginning of this century, Mr Rajes said “tea prices have nosedived by 17 per cent to Rs 85 a kg during the year up to September 2014 from Rs 105 a kg during the corresponding period of last year; Wages on the other hand have shot up between 9 and 19 per cent in the three tea producing states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
The huge increase in wage cost has had no linkage to productivity as the plantation sector is additionally burdened with social costs such as providing housing, water, power and other infrastructural facilities for its workers, and this works out to nearly 70 per of our total cost.”
“The recommendations and assurances given by many expert committees for reimbursing part of the expenses incurred for social cost still remains in paper,” he added.
In addition to these fundamental issues, the industry now faces sinister campaign by certain foreign funded NGOs of pesticide residues in tea. This has further added to the woes of this sector, Mr Rajes said and pointed out that the sector needs some respite to sustain and grow.
“No concession is given to taxes and other levies. All that we seek in this hour of crisis is some support from the Government,” he added.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Assam to hand over jihadi cases to NIAPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:43 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 7:53 pm
The Assam government will hand over cases related to jihadi activities in the state to the National Investigation Agency (NIA). A decision to this effect was taken at a law-and-order review meeting convened by chief minister Tarun Gogoi here today.
A government press note issued here quoting official sources said the meeting decided to hand over the cases to the NIA so that the cases could be probed thoroughly as it has international ramification.
Gogoi’s decision comes on a day when the NIA announced cash rewards for information on 12 persons wanted in connection with the Burdwan blast case, and one of whom turned out to be from Assam. The NIA has declared a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for information on Sahanur Alom alias ‘Doctor’, a 33-year old person hailing from village Chatala under Sarthebari police station in Barpeta district. The Assam Police meanwhile has arrested six other persons in connection with the Burdwan blast case.
Chief minister Gogoi also directed the officials to take all possible steps against anti-national activities. “We have to take all possible measures to foil the sinister designs of anti-national elements. We will not compromise on national security and national integrity,” he said.
While the Assam Police had arrested six persons in Barpeta district on October 10 in connection with their links with the two Jamatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) activitists who were killed in a blast in Burdwan (West Bengal) earlier last month, chief minister Gogoi had told prime minister Narendra Modi four days ago that the JMB threat to Assa, was “real and serious.”
“Of late Assam appears to have been targeted by fundamentalist organizations like Al Qaeda. Some operatives having links with Jamatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) were recently arrested in Assam. We feel that the threat is real and serious and such organizations may find support among the misguided and disaffected elements in the state,” Gogoi had said in a memorandum he handed over to the prime minister on Wednesday.
Taking up the problem of militancy and threat from fundamentalist organizations, Gogoi also made a plea to Modi to take up the matter with neighbouring countries at appropriate levels for sharing of intelligence and coordinated action.
“There should be similar mechanism at inter-state level for West Bengal and North Eastern States so that issues of jurisdiction do not come in the way of dealing with insurgency and militancy,” he said. It was, therefore, important that more sophisticated measures were taken to check, contain and curb such organizations and their activities through proper intelligence sharing and surveillance, Gogoi said.
The six persons who were arrested by the Assam Police three weeks ago for their alleged connection with the explosion in Khagragarh in Burdwan (West Bengal), are currently in judicial custody. They are – Shaikhul Islam @ Abdullah (20), Rafikul Islam (39), Md. Shiraj Ali Khan (53), Jahuruddin (60), Golam Usmani (23) and Sarbesh Ali (35) – and all hail from three different villages in Barpeta district. Among them, Shaikhul Islam @ Abdulla of Kahikuchi village in Barpeta is said to continued…

Kejriwal seeks Modis intervention for SIT probe into Sikh riotsArvind Kejriwal accused both Congress and BJP of not ensuring justice to victims of Sikh riots. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:44 pm
On Saturday, Aam Aadmi Party Chief Arvind Kejriwal  sought Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s intervention in setting up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to probe the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and ensure justice to the victims.
In a letter to Modi, Kejriwal welcomed Centre’s decision to give Rs five lakh each to next of kin of 3,325 victims of the riots but at the same time asked him to implement the erstwhile AAP government’s decision to appoint an SIT to probe the cases.
The former Delhi chief minister said the trauma of losing near and dear ones cannot be compensated by money and the guilty should be punished.
“If four of my family members were killed, then Rs five lakh cannot compensate me. Why they are not ensuring justice? We decided to form SIT. Why the decision has not been implemented,” Kejriwal told PTI.
He accused both Congress and BJP of not ensuring justice to victims of Sikh riots.
“The victims are still hoping for justice even 30 years after the riots. The Congress governments did nothing. BJP government had come but it also did nothing. AAP was the only party which ordered setting up of a SIT within one month of coming to power,” Kejriwal said.
The AAP government had on February 6 recommended to the Lt Governor setting up of an SIT with a time frame of one year to submit its report.
The Delhi Cabinet while approving the modalities had stated that all those cases which were closed or shown untraced, would be reopened, reinvestigated and if the need arises fresh FIRs will be filed.
Subsequently, the Lt Governor had approved the proposal but no notification was issued to set up the probe panel.
The Modi government has decided to give Rs five lakh each to the next of kin of 3,325 victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots that followed the assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984.
Of the 3,325 victims, 2,733 were killed in Delhi alone while rest of the victims were from Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and other states.
In 2006, the UPA government led by Manmohan Singh had announced a package of Rs 717 crore which included monetary compensation of Rs 3.5 lakh to the kin of each killed in the riots besides financial assistance to the injured and those who had lost their property.

BJP launches mega membership drive; PM Modi first to enrollPrint
PM Narendra Modi with BJP President Amit Shah and others during the launch of BJP's membership drive at party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:20 pm
 
BJP on Saturday launched a membership drive amid Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pitch for making it all inclusive so that every section of the society feels that their “flower” is represented in this “wonderful bouquet” of diversity.
Becoming the first person to get the party’s membership in the renewed drive, Modi said the BJP workers should toil hard like during an election campaign and make it an inspirational one across the globe.
“The era of mass agitation for politics seems over… Now people expect parties to play a significant role in public life,” he said at a function organised at the BJP headquarters here to launch the drive.
Noting that India is full of diversity, Modi said BJP should reflect it and “every section of the society should feel that their ‘flower’ is represented in this wonderful bouquet (of BJP).”
He said that getting membership of BJP earlier was earlier difficult, but it has become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
He told the party cadres not to bother about other parties, contending that BJP has already taken a big lead.
“Put your everything into it… Like you do during an election campaign… It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world,” the Prime Minister told the BJP cadres.

Congress delegation not allowed to visit trouble-torn Birbhum villageBy: Press Trust of India | Chaumondalpur | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:18 pm
A Congress delegation led by the party’s state unit chief Adhir Chowdhury was not allowed to enter trouble-torn Makra village in Birbhum
district, which was made out of bounds for politicians by the Trinamool Congress government.
READ:  BJP’s Naqvi, others arrested for trying to enter violence-hit Birbhum village
Chowdhury led a team of 12 MLAs and other leaders to visit Makra where three persons were killed in a clash between Trinamool Congress and BJP on Monday amidst Section 144 CrPC imposed in the area.
The Prohibitory Orders was cited by the police who stopped the Congress delegation at Chaumondalpur, about three km from Makra.
Chowdhury, former Union minister, said three or four of the team would go to the village so that the Prohibitory Orders were not violated, but the police did not allow that too.
He then held a public meeting at that spot.
In his speech, the WBPCC chief alleged that attackers rained bombs and bullets killing people while the police remained a mute spectator.
“Local people were scared of the police. They do not trust them and that’s why they fled from their houses,” he said adding the administration and the police should take steps so that those who had fled could return home.
The police on Thursday arrested BJP vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, state president Rahul Sinha and other leaders for trying to enter Makra.
Twelve CPI(M) leaders were also arrested on October 29 when they tried to visit Makra. Congress and BJP teams were also stopped on that day.

Kobane clashes kill 100 IS jihadists in 3 da...Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the deaths brought total number of IS fighters killed in Kobane to 576 since clashes began on Sept 16.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIRUT: At least 100 jihadists from the Islamic State group have been killed in three days of fighting for the strategic Syrian border town of Kobane, a monitor said on Saturday.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the deaths brought the total number of IS fighters killed in the ground battle for Kobane to 576 since clashes there began on September 16.
"Over the last three days, at least 100 members of the Islamic State and its religious police have been killed... in Kobane and its surroundings," the Britain-based group said.
It said the IS members had come from Aleppo and Raqa provinces to take part in the battle for the town, which is being defended by members of the Kurdish People's Protection Units, or YPG.
The group also said 15 YPG fighters had been killed in clashes in Kobane on Friday, and another 11 jihadists died in air strikes by a US-led coalition in both Kobane and Raqa province.
Overall, 958 people have been killed in the battle for Kobane -- 576 Is jihadists, 361 YPG fighters and allied forces and 21 civilians, according to the Observatory.
More than 180,000 people have been killed in Syria's conflict since it began in March 2011, says the Observatory, which relies on a network of sources on inside Syria for its reports.

Maruti Suzuki s total sales dip in OctMaruti Suzuki s total sales dip in Oct
8 high-growth states to reshape Indias economy by 2025For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

ITC Meets Estimates  Q2 Net Profit Grows 9%You are here: Home Corporates
ITC Meets Estimates, Q2 Net Grows 9%
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 16:24 (IST)
Cigarettes to FMCG and hotels major ITC reported in-line earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. Its net profit grew 9 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) to Rs 2,425 crore supported by price increase in cigarettes and other income.
Its net sales rose 15 per cent y-o-y to Rs 8,930 crore in the reporting period.
Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its net profit at Rs 2,443 crore on sales of Rs 9,043 crore.
ITC's net profit was partially boosted by other incomes which came in at Rs 356 crore against Rs 246 crore in the same period last fiscal.
Revenue in the Cigarettes segment, which contributes around 50 per cent to the total revenues of ITC, grew 14 per cent y-o-y to Rs 4,250 crore.
ITC shares ended 0.1 per cent higher at Rs 355.25 a piece underperforming the Nifty which closed 1.9 per cen higher.
 

Procter & Gamble Q1 Profit Increases 12.24% to Rs 61.5 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Procter & Gamble Q1 Profit Up 12.24 Per Cent at Rs 61.5 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 15:37 (IST)
Not Asked to Refund Bookings: SpiceJet
New Delhi: FMCG firm Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd (P&G) on Friday reported a 12.24 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 61.5 crore for the first quarter ended September 30.
The company, which follows July-June cycle as financial year, had reported a net profit of Rs 54.79 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
P&G's net sales in the quarter under review stood at Rs 576.31 crore, up 16.95 per cent from Rs 492.75 crore in the year-ago period, it noted.
"Both the feminine care and health care business continued to deliver double-digit growth in a competitive market environment behind superior products, strong innovation and product portfolio strength," it said.
Overall expenses during the quarter were up 18.94 per cent at Rs 508.65 crore as against Rs 427.65 crore in the corresponding period last year.
As of 2:51 p.m., shares in Procter & Gamble were trading at Rs 5401.35 apiece on the BSE, up 1.04 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 15:29 (IST)

Making their mark in stoneUpdated: October 31, 2014 18:16 IST
Making their mark in stone
ALLAN MOSES RODRICKS
The Hindu King Edward VII statue installed (1919) at the North-Western point of the Queen’s park at Cubbon Park . Photo:G R.N. Somashekar
The Hindu
The Hindu Victoria statue at Cubbon Park. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
The Hindu The view of Cubbon statue as seen from the Karnataka High Court, facing the Cubbon park. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
human interest
The statues of Cubbon Park bear testament to conquerors who left more than just a memory in the country
They came. They saw and they conquered. But ironically, the conquests and achievements of many great people are only but a memory. People rise and people fall. Only their memories remain buried in the annals of history. However, some are more fortunate and are remembered better – thanks to monuments and places named after them or in this case – having a statue erected for them.
The city of Bangalore boasts an array of interesting statues of phenomenal people and one of the prime locations to spot them is the historic Cubbon Park. The large lung-space in the heart of the city bears testament to five of the most remarkable personalities to have etched a mark in Bangalore and India’s histories. With a history of its own – the park is home to the statues of Queen Victoria, King Edward VII, Major General Sir Mark Cubbon, Rajya Dhurandhara Sir K. Sheshadri Iyer and Sri. Chamarajendra Wodeyar.
The Queen Victoria statue welcomes visitors to the park near the corner of Mahatma Gandhi Circle. Sculpted by Thomas Brock in England and shipped to India in 1905, the 11-foot statue was inaugurated by George Frederick Ernest Albert, the Prince of Wales (later King George V), on February 5, 1906. The Queen, who used the additional title of Empress of India, is the most notable sight in the garden.
A noble tribute to the member of the royal family of Great Britain to hold the prestigious crown for the longest time from the age of 18 for almost 64 years, the statue has the Queen holding a scroll and an orb. Alexandrina Victoria was given the title Empress of India after the dissolution of the East India Company following which she took reign of the administration of the subcontinent. Marked for restoration, the statue has a finger missing while the orb has lost its cross.
On the other corner of Queen’s park is the King Edward VII statue. Often ignored due to the stagnating Metro construction that has overridden the park’s beauty, the statue of the King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions and Emperor of India between 1901 and 1910, lies neglected in a layer of dust and dirt. The statue was unveiled by Frederic John Napier Baron Chelmsford, the Viceroy and Governor General of India, in November 1919.
The bearded king, who was responsible for modernisation of the British Home Fleet and reorganisation of the British Army, was known to be a peacemaker. But with the World War I beginning just four years after his death, many believe the Germans paranoia increased because of the British King’s massive transformation of the forces. He toured the subcontinent while being the Prince of Wales in 1875 but King Edward VII never visited India after he took over the throne. His short reign and subsequent passing over of the mantle to his second son George V saw only a time of peace, often credited to be the golden age for the upper class in Europe and America. He was also one of the first Kings to become social with people believing in the seeing and being seen by the people.
The statue of Major General Sir Mark Cubbon adorns the terrace garden and is part of the Karnataka High Court. The British Army officer who became the British Commissioner of Mysore state moved the capital from Mysore to Bangalore and is respected for creating a prosperous government here. The statue of Sir Cubbon seated on a horse was unveiled by the Commissioner of Mysore Lewin Bowring.
A fading tribute to these foreigners who left a lasting impression on the destiny of the country, these statues may not stand the test of time, but they will remain in the weathered memories of Bangalore’s residents.

Milan in an art beatUpdated: October 31, 2014 18:22 IST
Milan in an art beat
Latha Srinivasan
A WALK TO REMEMBER: The Duomo. Photos: Latha Srinivasan
Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II.
Statue of Leonardo Da Vinci.
A roadside painter. Photos: Latha Srinivasan
TOPICS
international holiday
Latha Srinivasan is as floored by Milan’s shops as she is by its amazing art scene
Walking through this fashion capital, the urge to go and splurge on Prada, Valentino and Armani is overwhelming — not just because this is their home ground but also because most people in the city are fashionably dressed. But then the realisation that the wallet cannot withstand the onslaught of expenses restricts one to window shopping. Having said that, Milan is not just about fashion — it’s about history, food and fun.
All roads in Milan lead (figuratively and even literally) to the Duomo, a church that took 500 years to be built. With 3,500 statues and 135 spires, the marble building has a magnificent and intricate neo-Gothic and Baroque façade. If you enjoy art, there are many interesting pieces inside the church but if you want to soak in all of Milan, then head to the roof, for a fee though. The city is breathtaking from the roof of the Duomo and is the perfect photo spot. And if you’re lucky, you even get to see the Alps.
Around the Piazza del Duomo, there are plenty of things to do. The 19th century Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II is a favourite haunt for many and blends old Milan with the new — so on side, for instance, you find a McDonald’s and on the other, old world cafés like Biffi. Make sure you grab a dessert and an espresso at Biffi before you start your galleria adventure.
The glass-domed galleria is beautiful and there are paintings of various continents that adorn the ceiling. You’ll discover four mosaics displaying coat of arms on the ground floor dedicated to the three capitals of Italy (Rome, Florence and Turin) and Milan.
Around the galleria, there are local artists who make a coal sketch of yours (costs around 15 Euro). I assigned the prestigious task of doing mine to Signor Luiggi who took about 25 minutes. He had sketches of famous Hollywood stars and mine turned out to be something between a caricature and a portrait, but it was a nice memento to take home and frame.
With sketch in hand, it was time to seek out lunch options around the Duomo. It is relaxing to sit back at one of the restaurants round the square, sip on wine and watch the world go by. For the meal, risotto alla Milanese, osso bucco and costoletta alla Milanese are recommended but if you’re vegetarian then funghi porcini or pesto pasta (freshly made) is delicious. Post lunch, the Ferrari store on Piazza del Liberty caught my eye. Those who love F1 and Ferarri are sure to pick many souvenirs here as they have everything from toys to clothing.
Having spent most of the day at Il Salotto di Milano (Milan's living room) or the galleria, it was time to see Leonardo Da Vinci’s renowned painting, The Last Supper. Strolling down from the Piazza del Duomo to the Santa Maria delle Grazie that houses the fresco, I came across people leisurely enjoying coffee, young fashion students milling around and plenty of gelato stands. As you walk along, don’t forget to pick up a gelato (try the unusual varieties like coconut, ginger and pear).
Considering the church houses such an important work of art, the building exudes simplicity. It saves time if you book tickets online in advance. All the secrets that Leonardo Da Vinci’s fresco is constantly unravelling are fascinating. Standing before this work of art actually gives you a sense of taking part in a slice of history. It’s visually breathtaking and intriguing to say the least. The day has been well spent and thoroughly enjoyed. And as for the memories, that’s something I still cherish now that I am back home.

Petrol Price Cut by Rs 2.41 Per Litre  Diesel by Rs 2.25You are here: Home Economy
Petrol Price Cut by Rs 2.41 Per Litre, Diesel by Rs 2.25
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 01:00 (IST)
Bank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
New Delhi: Petrol price was on Friday cut by Rs 2.41 a litre, the sixth reduction since August, while that of diesel was slashed by Rs 2.25 per litre on the back of falling international oil rates.
The reduction in rates of petrol and diesel, which was deregulated for the first time in more than a decade, will be effective from the midnight of October 31 and November 1, Indian Oil Corp, the nation's largest fuel retailer, announced.
The Rs 2.41 per litre price cut in petrol and Rs 2.25 in diesel was after accounting for an increase of 10-15 paise in commission paid to petrol pump dealers. The reduction should have been higher by 10-15 paise if the dealer commission had not been increased.
Petrol will cost Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi from Saturday as against Rs 66.65 currently. In Mumbai, the rate will be lowered by Rs 2.55 a litre to Rs 71.91.
Since August, petrol price has been cumulatively slashed by Rs 9.36 per litre. Prices vary from state to state because of differential rate of local sales tax or VAT.
Diesel rates have been cut for the second time this month. The nation's most consumed fuel will now cost Rs 53.35 per litre in Delhi from Saturday as compared to Rs 55.60 a litre at present.
In Mumbai, diesel price has been reduced by Rs 2.50 to Rs 61.04.
The government had on October 18 freed diesel prices from its control, giving freedom to oil marketing companies to adjust rates in line with cost. On that day, rates were cut by Rs 3.37 per litre, the first reduction in price of diesel in over five years. ( Read more )
The previous decline dates back to January 2009.
Simultaneously, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 18.5 to Rs 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced. The only exception being October 23 when the prices rose by a marginal Rs 3 per cylinder following government raising the commission paid to LPG dealers/distributors.
"The price of petrol was last revised downwards with effect from October 15 by Rs 1.21 per litre (including state levies at Delhi) on the back of declining international oil prices," IOC said in a statement.
The government decided to make diesel prices market-determined for all consumers on October 18, it added.
"Subsequently, with effect from October 19, based on prevailing level of international prices and Rupee-USD exchange rate, the selling price of diesel in domestic market was reduced by Rs 3.37 per litre (including state levies at Delhi) with corresponding decrease in other states."
Since then, international prices of petrol and diesel have continued to be on a downtrend. But foreign exchange rate has appreciated slightly.
"The combined impact of both these factors warrant the said decrease in retail selling prices of petrol and diesel," the statement added.
IOC also said it was "closely monitoring" prices in the international oil market and rupee-dollar exchange rate, and that developing trends of the market will be reflected in future price changes.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 20:06 (IST)

Karnataka Bank Q2 Profit Jumps Three-Fold to Rs 88 CroreNot Asked to Refund Bookings: SpiceJet
New Delhi: Karnataka Bank on Friday registered an over three-fold jump in net profit at Rs 88.46 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014-15, on lower provisioning for bad loans and higher revenues from corporate and retail banking.
It had posted a net profit of Rs 28.95 crore for the corresponding period a year ago.
"Total income has increased from Rs 1,152.49 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs 1,278.44 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014," the private sector lender said in a filing to the BSE.
Revenue from corporate banking increased to Rs 428.62 crore in the quarter under review, as against Rs 376.81 crore in the quarter ended September 2013.
From retail banking, it earned Rs 502.50 crore during the quarter, up from Rs 476.02 crore year ago.
Provisions for bad loans came down to Rs 83.64 crore from Rs 126.71 crore in the year-ago period.
On asset side, gross bad loans or non-performing assets (NPAs) came down to 3.53 per cent of total advances as of September 30, 2014-15, while they were at 3.59 per cent in the same period of the previous fiscal year.
Net NPAs, however, rose to 2.37 per cent during the period from 2.25 per cent a year ago.
Shares in Karnataka Bank, on Friday, ended at Rs 123.85 apiece on the BSE, up 3.38 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 16:13 (IST)

Cairn Starts Work to Ramp Up Mangala Oil Field OtuputYou are here: Home Corporates
Cairn Starts Work to Ramp Up Mangala Oil Field Output
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 22:15 (IST)
Not Asked to Refund Bookings: SpiceJet
New Delhi: Cairn India on Friday said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
"Cairn today initiated polymer injection at the Mangala field. Mangala enhanced oil recovery (EOR) project, which is amongst the largest polymer flood EOR programmes in the world, commenced well ahead of the guidance provided," the company said in a statement here.
The polymer injection activity would gradually be ramped up.
The Mangala polymer flood enhanced oil recovery (EOR) programme has a capex of about $600 million. About 100 additional wells have been planned for the project.
The EOR has potential to raise output from the Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya - the largest of the 36 discoveries in the Rajasthan block, by 10 to 15 per cent.
Polymer flood is a proven technology that has been successfully used by the Chinese. Daqing Oil in China which has similar oil as in Rajasthan, has been successfully implementing polymer flood.
ONGC has implemented polymer flood in a couple of fields in Gujarat. However, the Mangala Polymer flood EOR project is of a much larger scale.
"Cairn India had recognised the potential for chemical EOR at an early stage of development in its Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya (MBA) fields," the statement said.
The reservoir quality, oil properties and ambient temperature make MBA fields ideal for the application of chemical flooding EOR methods such as polymer or alkaline surfactant polymer (ASP) flooding.
The chemical EOR programme has a potential to enhance recoveries from the Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya fields by around 300 million barrels, it said.
"Injecting the polymer at our world class polymer flood EOR project, ahead of schedule is a testament to our execution skills and team work," Cairn India CFO Sudhir Mathur said.
"This will enable us to further unlock the potential of the prolific Rajasthan block and help contribute significantly towards the nation's energy security."
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 20:39 (IST)

Higher Tax Refunds Putting Pressure on Fiscal Deficit: JaitleyBank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said increased tax refunds in the current financial year (2014-15) are leading to a higher fiscal deficit, which neared 83 per cent of full year target in the April-September 2014.
"Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," he told reporters here.
As per the official data, fiscal deficit has touched 82.6 per cent of Budget Estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
For the entire fiscal year 2014-15, fiscal deficit, which is the gap between government expenditure and revenue, has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore, or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"It would be challenging to achieve indirect tax aim. Direct tax target would be achievable. We would strive to achieve fiscal deficit aim for this fiscal," Mr Jaitley said.
Net tax receipts in the first half of the fiscal year stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of Budget Estimates.
During April-October 20 period, the tax department has made refunds to the tune of Rs 80,850 crore.
The government aims to collect Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in current fiscal year, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
As regards indirect tax, the target is to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 16:13 (IST)

Appointment of 8 PSU Bank Heads Likely by November-EndNot Asked to Refund Bookings: SpiceJet
New Delhi: The government will by end of November appoint chairman and managing directors of eight public sector banks, where it had scrapped selections made by the previous UPA government.
A panel, headed by Reserve Bank (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan, will hold interviews of eligible candidates for the post of CMD in eight public sector banks on November 13 and 14, Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said on Friday.
"Appointments in these eight positions will be hopefully over by November-end," he said.
Besides RBI Governor, the other members of the interview panel would include RBI Deputy Governor, Department of Financial Services Secretary and a few external members.
The interview process would be objective and transparent, sources said, adding that the interviews of eligible candidates would be held in Mumbai.
Following shortlisting by the high-level panel, the names of the candidates would be sent to Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC) and for other necessary clearances.
Earlier this week, the government scrapped the selection of six PSU bank heads and 14 executive directors (EDs) during UPA tenure following a separate panel finding irregularities in the process.
The UPA government had shortlisted heads of Bank of Baroda (BoB), Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), Oriental Bank of Commerce, United Bank and Vijaya Bank.
Besides, vacancies of CMDs have arisen in Punjab National Bank and Syndicate Bank due to non-grant of extension and arrest, respectively.
Following the arrest of Syndicate Bank chairman and managing director S K Jain, the ministry had set up a committee comprising Expenditure Secretary, RBI Governor and Secretary School Education to examine the selections process.
"After receipt of the report of the Committee, the government has decided to cancel the current selection process of CMDs/EDs of Public Sector Banks (PSBs)," the statement had said.
To fill up these 8 vacancies of CMDs along with those of 14 executive directors, the government decided the selection would be done by a panel necessarily comprising of RBI Governor or his nominee.
Syndicate Bank chief Mr Jain was arrested in August for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh to enhance credit limits of a company.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 22:31 (IST)

Sebi Piles Pressure on Sahara to Sell Overseas HotelsYou are here: Home Corporates
Sebi Piles Pressure on Sahara to Sell Overseas Hotels
Reuters | Updated On: November 01, 2014 00:45 (IST)
Not Asked to Refund Bookings: SpiceJet
Mumbai: The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell its marquee overseas hotels in New York and London, seen as crucial to it complying with an order to repay investors and secure the release of jailed head Subrata Roy.
Mr Roy, one of India's best-known business tycoons, has been held in Tihar Jail in Delhi for nearly eight months over the conglomerate's failure to refund billions of dollars the group raised in outlawed bonds.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to pay Rs 10,000 crore ($1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for Mr Roy.
Capital market regulator Sebi says that the total amount Sahara owes to investors is about Rs 47,000 crore and has petitioned the country's top court to order the company to reveal details of offers it received for the sale or mortgage of its hotels, according to court documents seen by Reuters.
Sahara did not reply immediately to requests for comment.
Mr Roy was sent back to a regular jail cell this month after spending two months in a makeshift prison office fitted with computers and phones to enable him to conduct negotiations with prospective buyers for Sahara's three hotels, including the Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
In its petition to the Supreme Court, Sebi said it had been informed by various individuals and entities that Sahara was refusing to entertain bids for the hotels despite several such offers.
Letters of intent
The regulator cited emails from purported representatives of companies including New York-based Madison Capital and Texas-based World Class Capital Group (WCCG), including letters of intent to acquire the Sahara hotels.
An official from Madison Capital declined comment and WCCG chief executive Nate Paul did not respond immediately to an emailed request for comment.
Sebi said that the emails from the prospective bidders gave rise to the belief that Sahara may be "wilfully and deliberately" failing to take adequate steps to sell or mortgage the hotels despite Roy being granted office facilities in prison to facilitate the process.
"The above e-mails justifiably give rise to an apprehension that the respondents/detenus/Sahara are wilfully and deliberately not taking adequate steps to sell/dispose of/mortgage the foreign assets for which express permission was sought for from and granted by this Hon'ble Court," the petition says.
The regulator said that the court has not yet been informed of any offers received and how Sahara dealt with them.
Sahara, which has interests in finance, real estate and media among its varied businesses and is a former main sponsor of the Indian cricket team, has argued that it has repaid most of the investors. Sebi and the Supreme Court have both disputed Sahara's claims.
A date for an official hearing of the Sebi petition has yet to be announced.
($1 = 61.6 rupees)

Kerala liquor row: Minister sought Rs 5-cr bribe  says bar owners bodyFor the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Ask Matt: Should I chase GoProPhoto by Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images
Q: Should I chase GoPro?
A: GoPro (GPRO) has everything stock speculators look for: Big gains and lots of buzz. But one thing it doesn’t have is an attractive stock price.
GoPro is the latest maker of trendy gadgets so popular they command premium pricing over competitors’ offerings. Investors love companies with pricing power because much of that flows right to the bottom line, especially if there’s strong demand. Shares of GoPro are up 221% from the initial offering price of $24 a share from late June. Even investors who piled on and bought at the first day closing price of $31.34 are up 146%.
Earnings growth has been stellar to be sure. The company posted an adjusted profit of 12 cents a share for the September quarter, beating expectations by 50%. Meanwhile, revenue jumped 46% to $280 million, which is the kind of tremendous growth investors crave. But the problem is this stock’s rise has already baked in all this good news and then some. The stock is trading for 249 times its earnings over the past 12 months, which is well above the roughly 16 multiple of the Standard & Poor’s 500. Even more alarming, GoPro’s closing price on Friday at $77.10 is just 2% below analysts’ 18-month price targets.  That’s not much upside for a stock that’s this risky.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Basics explained: 11 numbers to look at before investing in a stockPrint
Stock investing requires careful analysis of financial data to find out the company's true worth. This is generally done by examining the company's profit and loss account, balance sheet and cash flow statement. This can be time-consuming and cumbersome. An easier way to find out about a company's performance is to look at its financial ratios, most of which are freely available on the internet.
Though this is not a foolproof method, it is a good way to run a fast check on a company's health.
"Ratio analysis is crucial for investment decisions. It not only helps in knowing how the company has been performing but also makes it easy for investors to compare companies in the same industry and zero in on the best investment option," says DK Aggarwal, chairman and managing director, SMC Investments and Advisors.
We bring you eleven financial ratios that one should look at before investing in a stock.
P/E RATIO
The price-to-earnings, or P/E, ratio shows how much stock investors are paying for each rupee of earnings. It shows if the market is overvaluing or undervaluing the company.
One can know the ideal P/E ratio by comparing the current P/E with the company's historical P/E, the average industry P/E and the market P/E. For instance, a company with a P/E of 15 may seem expensive when compared to its historical P/E, but may be a good buy if the industry P/E is 18 and the market average is 20.
Sabyasachi Mukherjee, AVP and product head, IIFL, says, "A high P/E ratio may indicate that the stock is overpriced. A stock with a low P/E may have greater potential for rising. P/E ratios should be used in combination with other financial ratios for informed decisionmaking."
"P/E ratio is usually used to value mature and stable companies that earn profits. A high PE indicates that the stock is either overvalued (with respect to history and/or peers) or the company's earnings are expected to grow at a fast pace. But one must keep in mind that companies can boost their P/E ratio by adding debt (thereby constricting equity capital). Also, as future earnings estimates are subjective, it's better to use past earnings for calculating P/E ratios," says Vikas Gupta, executive vice president, Arthaveda Fund Management.
PRICE-TO-BOOK VALUE
The price-to-book value (P/BV) ratio is used to compare a company's market price to its book value. Book value, in simple terms, is the amount that will remain if the company liquidates its assets and repays all its liabilities.
P/BV ratio values shares of companies with large tangible assets on their balance sheets. A P/BV ratio of less than one shows the stock is undervalued (value of assets on the company's books is more than the value the market is assigning to the company). It indicates a company's inherent value and is useful in valuing companies whose assets are mostly liquid, for instance, banks and financial institutions.
DEBT-TO-EQUITY RATIO
It shows how much a company is leveraged, that is, how much debt is involved in the business vis-a-vis promoters' capital (equity). A low figure is usually considered better. But it must not be seen in isolation.
"If the company's returns are higher than its interest cost, the debt will enhance value. However, if it is not, shareholders will lose," says Aggarwal of SMC.
"Also, a company with low debt-to-equity ratio can be assumed to have a lot of scope for expansion due to more fund-raising options," he says.
But it is not that simple. "It is industry-specific with capital intensive industries such as automobiles and manufacturing showing a higher figure than others. A high debt-to-equity ratio may indicate unusual leverage and, hence, higher risk of credit default, though it could also signal to the market that the company has invested in many high-NPV projects," says Vikas Gupta of Arthaveda Fund Management. NPV, or net present value, is the present value of future cash flow.
 
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN (OPM)
The OPM shows operational efficiency and pricing power. It is calculated by dividing operating profit by net sales.
Aggarwal of SMC says, "Higher OPM shows efficiency in procuring raw materials and converting them into finished products."
It measures the proportion of revenue that is left after meeting variable costs such as raw materials and wages. The higher the margin, the better it is for investors.
While analysing a company, one must see whether its OPM has been rising over a period. Investors should also compare OPMs of other companies in the same industry.
EV/EBITDA
Enterprise value (EV) by EBITDA is often used with the P/E ratio to value a company. EV is market capitalisation plus debt minus cash. It gives a much more accurate takeover valuation because it includes debt. This is the main advantage it has over the P/E ratio, which we saw can be skewed by unusually large earnings driven by debt. EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
This ratio is used to value companies that have taken a lot of debt. "The main advantage of EV/EBITDA is that it can be used to evaluate companies with different levels of debt as it is capital structure-neutral. A lower ratio indicates that a company is undervalued. It is important to note that the ratio is high for fast-growing industries and low for industries that are growing slowly," says Mukherjee of IIFL.
PRICE/EARNINGS GROWTH RATIO
The PEG ratio is used to know the relationship between the price of a stock, earnings per share (EPS) and the company's growth.
Generally, a company that is growing fast has a higher P/E ratio. This may give an impression that is overvalued. Thus, P/E ratio divided by the estimated growth rate shows if the high P/E ratio is justified by the expected future growth rate. The result can be compared with that of peers with different growth rates.
A PEG ratio of one signals that the stock is valued reasonably. A figure of less than one indicates that the stock may be undervalued.
RETURN ON EQUITY
The ultimate aim of any investment is returns. Return on equity, or ROE, measures the return that shareholders get from the business and overall earnings. It helps investors compare profitability of companies in the same industry. A figure is always better. The ratio highlights the capability of the management. ROE is net income divided by shareholder equity.
"ROE of 15-20% is generally considered good, though high-growth companies should have a higher ROE. The main benefit comes when earnings are reinvested to generate a still higher ROE, which in turn produces a higher growth rate. However, a rise in debt will also reflect in a higher ROE, which should be carefully noted," says Mukherjee of IIFL.
"One would expect leveraged companies (such as those in capital intensive businesses) to exhibit inflated ROEs as a major part of capital on which they generate returns is accounted for by debt," says Gupta of Arthaveda Fund Management.
INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO
It is earnings before interest and tax, or EBIT, divided by interest expense. It indicates how solvent a business is and gives an idea about the number of interest payments the business can service solely from operations.
One can also use EBITDA in place of EBIT to compare companies in sectors whose depreciation and amortisation expenses differ a lot. Or, one can use earnings before interest but after tax if one wants a more accurate idea about a company's solvency.
CURRENT RATIO
This shows the liquidity position, that is, how equipped is the company in meeting its short-term obligations with short-term assets. A higher figure signals that the company's day-to-day operations will not get affected by working capital issues. A current ratio of less than one is a matter of concern.
The ratio can be calculated by dividing current assets with current liabilities. Current assets include inventories and receivables.Sometimes companies find it difficult to convert inventory into sales or receivables into cash. This may hit its ability to meet obligations. In such a case, the investor may calculate the acid-test ratio, which is similar to the current ratio but with the exception that it does not include inventory and receivables.
ASSET TURNOVER RATIO
It shows how efficiently the management is using assets to generate revenue. The higher the ratio, the better it is, as it indicates that the company is generating more revenue per rupee spent on the asset. Experts say the comparison should be made between companies in the same industry. This is because the ratio may vary from industry to industry. In sectors such as power and telecommunication, which are more asset-heavy, the asset turnover ratio is low, while in sectors such as retail, it is high (as the asset base is small).
 
DIVIDEND YIELD
It is dividend per share divided by the share price. A higher figure signals that the company is doing well. But one must be wary of penny stocks (that lack quality but have high dividend yields) and companies benefiting from one-time gains or excess unused cash which they may use to declare special dividends. Similarly, a low dividend yield may not always imply a bad investment as companies (particularly at nascent or growth stages) may choose to reinvest all their earnings so that shareholders earn good returns in the long term.
"A high dividend yield, however, could signify a good long-term investment as companies' dividend policies are generally fixed in the long run," says Gupta.
While financial ratio analysis helps in assessing factors such as profitability, efficiency and risk, added factors such as macro-economic situation, management quality and industry outlook should also be studied in detail while investing in a stock.
Reproduced From Money Today. © September 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
 

Assam to hand over jihadi cases toNIAPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:43 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 7:53 pm
The Assam government will hand over cases related to jihadi activities in the state to the National Investigation Agency (NIA). A decision to this effect was taken at a law-and-order review meeting convened by chief minister Tarun Gogoi here today.
A government press note issued here quoting official sources said the meeting decided to hand over the cases to the NIA so that the cases could be probed thoroughly as it has international ramification.
Gogoi’s decision comes on a day when the NIA announced cash rewards for information on 12 persons wanted in connection with the Burdwan blast case, and one of whom turned out to be from Assam. The NIA has declared a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for information on Sahanur Alom alias ‘Doctor’, a 33-year old person hailing from village Chatala under Sarthebari police station in Barpeta district. The Assam Police meanwhile has arrested six other persons in connection with the Burdwan blast case.
Chief minister Gogoi also directed the officials to take all possible steps against anti-national activities. “We have to take all possible measures to foil the sinister designs of anti-national elements. We will not compromise on national security and national integrity,” he said.
While the Assam Police had arrested six persons in Barpeta district on October 10 in connection with their links with the two Jamatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) activitists who were killed in a blast in Burdwan (West Bengal) earlier last month, chief minister Gogoi had told prime minister Narendra Modi four days ago that the JMB threat to Assa, was “real and serious.”
“Of late Assam appears to have been targeted by fundamentalist organizations like Al Qaeda. Some operatives having links with Jamatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) were recently arrested in Assam. We feel that the threat is real and serious and such organizations may find support among the misguided and disaffected elements in the state,” Gogoi had said in a memorandum he handed over to the prime minister on Wednesday.
Taking up the problem of militancy and threat from fundamentalist organizations, Gogoi also made a plea to Modi to take up the matter with neighbouring countries at appropriate levels for sharing of intelligence and coordinated action.
“There should be similar mechanism at inter-state level for West Bengal and North Eastern States so that issues of jurisdiction do not come in the way of dealing with insurgency and militancy,” he said. It was, therefore, important that more sophisticated measures were taken to check, contain and curb such organizations and their activities through proper intelligence sharing and surveillance, Gogoi said.
The six persons who were arrested by the Assam Police three weeks ago for their alleged connection with the explosion in Khagragarh in Burdwan (West Bengal), are currently in judicial custody. They are – Shaikhul Islam @ Abdullah (20), Rafikul Islam (39), Md. Shiraj Ali Khan (53), Jahuruddin (60), Golam Usmani (23) and Sarbesh Ali (35) – and all hail from three different villages in Barpeta district. Among them, Shaikhul Islam @ Abdulla of Kahikuchi village in Barpeta is said to continued…

Govt extends Finance Commission s term by 2 mthsGovt extends Finance Commission s term by 2 mths
Toyota Kirloskar sales down 12% in OctoberToyota Kirloskar sales down 12% in October
Audi recalls A4 sedan in India to upgrade software in airbag control unitAudi recalls A4 sedan in India to upgrade software in airbag control unit
Fadnavis takes over as first BJP CM of MaharashtraFadnavis takes over as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
BJP s membership drive: PM Narendra Modi first to enrol online  says politics not dirtyFor the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Bihar boats capsize: 6 drown  7 go missingComments
Six persons drowned and seven others went missing on Saturday in two separate incidents of boat capsizing in Bihar.
In the first incident in Jamui district, at least six persons drowned when a country boat capsized in deep waters at Garhi dam, officer in-charge of Garhi police station Ram Narain Rai said.
Six others are still missing and search is on to find them, he said. Rai said 16 persons were on board the boat in which four swam to safety.
They were going to Garhi village for a religious function from Kauwakol village in neighbouring Nawada district, the OC said.
In an another incident in Begusarai district, one person drowned in Balan river while six others swam to safety, district magistrate Seema Tripathi said.
Seven persons on board were returning to Mansoorchak village after watching a cultural programme in Bharaul village when the mishap took place, the DM said.

Radha Mohan Singh stresses need of taking Indian Agriculture to newer heightsRadha Mohan Singh stresses need of taking Indian Agriculture to newer heights
Rao is DG of ONGC-VideshHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Rao is Director (Operations) of ONGC-Videsh
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 1:  
ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL), a subsidiary of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), has appointed Pasala Krishna Rao as Director (Operations).
For Rao, who led the Corporation’s Onshore Asset at Rajahmundry to strong performances, it's an elevation. A significant achievement during his tenure was the selling of naphtha produced in the Rajahmundry unit’s refinery in the international market.
Having joined ONGC in 1982, he rose to the position of Executive Director (Asset Manager) at Rajahmundry. Under his leadership, the Asset bagged awards for efficiency, safety and high performance. It won the national safety award for five consecutive years, a press release stated.
Hailing from Vizianagaram District in Andhra Pradesh, Rao will have a tenure of five years as Director of OVL. On taking over as Director today sharing his growth strategy he said the focus will be on expanding exports and entering new markets.
With his wide experience in deep drilling in different geological conditions to managing rig resources and assets at different ONGC locations and an MBA in marketing, Rao expressed confidence to take up the new responsibility at OVL.
Correction
The headline and first para of this news report have been modified as a previous version incorrectly said Pasala Krishna Rao has been appointed Director-General of ONGC-Videsh.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

 TVS Motor October Sales up 22% to 2 41 044 UnitsYou are here: Home Corporates
TVS Motor October Sales up 22% to 2,41,044 Units
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:19 (IST)
Not Asked to Refund Bookings: SpiceJet
New Delhi: TVS Motor Company today reported a 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014.
The Chennai-based company had sold 1,97,905 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 22 per cent to 2,31,990 units in October 2014 as against 1,89,979 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 2,04,294 units last month, up 18 per cent, from 1,73,229 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 68 per cent to 70,571 units in October 2014 as against 42,124 units in the corresponding month last year.
Motorcycles sales grew by 10 per cent to 90,779 units last month as compared to 82,352 units in the corresponding month a year earlier.
During the month, sales of three-wheelers grew by 14 per cent at 9,054 units as against 7,926 units in October 2013.
Exports in October grew by 51 per cent to 34,855 units in the month as compared to 23,154 units in the corresponding month a year earlier.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 19:18 (IST)

Motorola is now a Lenovo companyLenovo wraps up $2.9 billion purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.
By: AP | Beijing | Posted: October 30, 2014 6:17 pm | Updated: October 31, 2014 7:10 am
Chinese computer maker Lenovo Group has completed its acquisition of Motorola Mobility from Google Inc. in a move aimed at becoming a global smartphone brand.
Lenovo said it completed the $2.9 billion purchase on Thursday, adding to a flurry of acquisitions and initiatives aimed at transforming the world’s biggest maker of personal computers into a major player in wireless computing.
Google bought Motorola Mobility in 2012 for $12.4 billion but appeared to decide quickly the purchase was a mistake. It sold its set-top operations to Arris Group Inc. for $2.35 billion and its smartphone assets, along with some 2,000 patents, to Lenovo.
Lenovo chairman Yang Yuanqing said when the purchase was announced in January that it would help transform Lenovo into a global competitor in smartphones.

U.S. Feds taper will hit capital flows to India: RBIThe Hindu Urjit R. Patel
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
‘The funding for infrastructure will have to be domestic’
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cautioned that the U.S. Fed’s taper will trigger some pullback of dollar-denoted capital from India to back home. As a result, New Delhi will have to find domestic sources for funding infrastructure for which the Modi government must align the policies that are holding up the project pipeline, especially in the energy sector, RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel told The Hindu.
The U.S. Fed voted on Wednesday to end its bond-buying stimulus or Quantitative Easing (QE) but left unchanged its pledge to keep American interest rates at near-zero levels for a ‘considerable time.’
In an interview to The Hindu prior to Wednesday’s announcement, Dr. Patel said: “This was inevitable and at some point had to happen… India will have to prepare for this normalisation due to which there will be some movement of capital back home to the U.S.”
When contacted on Thursday, Dr. Patel said his views remain unchanged after the Fed’s announcement.
“For India, the taper will imply that the funding for infrastructure will have to be domestic. And, if policies are aligned — especially on the energy side — we could be surprised by the uptick… This should be the main task — to square that circle,” he said.
Dr. Patel said policy changes would produce cash flows from projects in the pipeline and that would also bring in more private investments. “It is important to note that these assets are real and can quickly bring in cash for the banking system if we just fix two-three things such as power purchase and fuel supply agreements.”
India had got a taste last year of the kind of implications that the Fed’s decisions can have, Dr. Patel said. The announcement of the initiation of the QE reversal had triggered sharp volatility in the rupee-dollar exchange rate. He also said that India was better prepared now for the QE closure. “Since then we have higher reserves, lower current account deficit, easing inflation and we are on a path of fiscal consolidation… There is good news that prices of commodities such as crude, of which India is a big importer, are easing,” Dr. Patel said.
He, however, cautioned that the risk remains of the global economy being weak for longer still. “There is bad news too if global economy forecasts keep coming down and if the global economy does not break out of the ‘mediocre growth’ that has been talked about,” he said, referring to the IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde’s warning earlier this month.

Charges framed in 2G-linked casejustice and rights
Besides the three, charges were also framed against Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka in the case.
A special court on Friday framed charges against former Telecom Minister A. Raja, DMK Rajya Sabha member Kanimozhi and Dayalu Ammal, wife of party president M. Karunanidhi, for allegedly laundering money in the 2G scam.
Special Judge O.P. Saini fixed November 11 as the date for recording of prosecution evidence.
According to the complaint filed by the Enforcement Directorate, Kalaignar TV, in which Ms. Dayalu Ammal and Ms. Kanimozhi had stake, received Rs. 200 crore as illegal gratification from connected companies of Swan Telecom.
Swan Telecom was allotted Unified Access Services licences allegedly in an illegal manner in 13 service areas with the connivance of Mr. Raja and others.
The complaint said Kalaignar TV had received the alleged bribe on behalf of Mr. Raja. It had later returned the money through the same routes through which it had come with an interest amount of Rs. 31.36 crore to show that it was a genuine loan transaction, the complaint said. The Rs. 200-crore bribe had also been transferred to Kalaignar TV in the same manner after deducting interest amounts to show that it was loan transaction, the complaint added.
“The layering activities of moving varying amounts of funds through a chain of inter-connected companies or firms were nothing but projections made to disguise the proceeds of crime as refund of loan with interest,” Special Judge O.P. Saini said in his 223-page order.
Earlier, the court formally framed charges against all the 19 accused — 10 individuals and nine companies. Mr. Saini said, “All charges are prima facie made out against each accused for laundering of Rs. 200 crore from (the) D.B. Group company to Kalaignar TV.”

Hard day poses question for US in spaceTwo crashes pose questions for private companies in space
Robert Wright in New York
Success in space travel needs investment most entrepreneurs are likely unwilling to make
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3032b382-6152-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt strengthening cyber crime prevention strategy  says RajnathRajnath Singh pays tribute to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in Hyderabad on Friday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:09 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 3:14 am
The Home Ministry is taking all necessary steps for the prevention of cyber crime and will soon further strengthen the cyber crime prevention strategy, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Friday.
He was speaking at a passing out day parade for trainee officers of the Indian Police Service at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy in Hyderabad.
It is not necessary for the cyber criminal to reside in your town or country, this act that can be committed from any corner of the world. It can hit anyone, anywhere anytime, he said.
He also recalled the achievements of the country’s first home minister, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. “Single-handedly he achieved the merger of 562 princely states into the Indian Union with minimum violence and maximum willingness,” he said. “The merger of princely states like Junagadh and Hyderabad are inspiring… It is for this reason that our government has decided to observe this day as ‘National Unity Day’’’, he added.
The Home Minister stressed that the role of the police has to be changed in accordance with the changing times. “The police are the most visible representatives of the state and they are the most meaningful media of change in society”, he said. “Police stations should be temples of justice…I believe that a police official should be experimental with new practices,” he added.

Why Flipkart  Quikr  Jabong are going talent shopping in Silicon ValleyAmazon India
(As e-comm cos scale up their…)
NEW DELHI: As e-commerce companies scale up their businesses dramatically, they're being forced to look overseas — Silicon Valley in particular — for people with the skills needed to fill top positions. Flipkart, Quikr, Ibibo-Group, PolicyBazaar, Urban Ladder, CBazaar, Jabong and Caratlane among others are looking to persuade highly qualified Indians and even some expats to shift base and are prepared to pay to get them on board.
Such hires have worked well for Flipkart and Infibeam and they're keen on adding more such employees to their rolls as they expand at breakneck speed.
Online retail in India is expected to grow to $6 billion in size next year, according to research firm Gartner. "We do believe that expats and Indians working abroad bring a different perspective in conducting and scaling the business," said Manu Midha, V-P of planning and strategy at Infibeam. "We are also recruiting for overseas expansion of the platform.
E-commerce in India is witnessing phenomenal growth and has become an attractive option for many techies at senior level with rich experience and knowledge to return (to India) and join the bandwagon."
Flipkart has people with international experience in key positions across technology, retail, marketing, supply chain, corporate development and other departments.
"If we find people that match the job profile and have a passion to succeed, we hire across boundaries as well. For an organisation like Flipkart that is looking to create a world-class experience in the Indian market, this kind of talent adds value," said Mekin Maheshwari, chief people officer at Flipkart.Most such hires are in their late 30s or 40s and are attracted to the prospect of coming home. While pay packets vary, annual salaries are typically pegged at Rs 1.5 crore along with stock options. If there was one event that brought home to e-commerce companies that they needed to get serious about hiring the right people, it was the $1-billion investment in Flipkart. Suddenly, they were about to move out of the shallows and into the deep ocean with such leviathans as Amazon and would need to swim or sink. The advent of the Narendra Modi government with a substantial majority also acted as a tonic, said Mayank Pande, a partner at Amrop India.
 
Arch rivals Flipkart and Amazon have accumulated huge investments to power their growth. Flipkart has raised more than $1.2 billion this year, while Snapdeal has received about $850 million, including the funding from SoftBank this week. Amazon India got a commitment of $2 billion from its parent in July. Naturally, staffing is surging: By the end of the fiscal year, Flipkart will increase employee count to an estimated 26,000 and Snapdeal to 3,600. Flipkart's numbers include hiring for its logistics arm. Much of the talent pool available locally is not as evolved as those found overseas. "We are compelled to look at Silicon Valley and are in the process of shortlisting a few names for our clients," said Pande. "Most ecommerce companies (with sound funding) as well as brick and mortar companies looking at building/strengthening their e-commerce business are looking at Silicon Valley for experienced, evolved cutting-edge talent." Vikram Chhachhi of Heidrick and Struggles agreed with this.
"Niche talent required for the e-commerce space lies globally as the existing domestic pool of talent in technology and supply chain relevant for these companies is scarce," said Chhachhi, a principal at its Mumbai office and a member of the global consumer markets practice.
He pointed out that e-commerce companies themselves weren't prepared for this kind of growth. Having people with the requisite knowledge has become even more critical to sustain rising volume and cope with competition. "Else many companies will soon go bust if they fail to attract best talent," Chhachhi said.CBazaar, formerly Chennaibazaar, gets close to 90% of its revenue from overseas. It's looking for a chief financial officer and a marketing head.
"We have not come across anyone (locally) who can understand our business and help us to grow it. We are now exploring talent in the US through headhunters and our network," said CBazaar chief executive officer and co-founder Rajesh Nahar. The company, which is funded by Inventus Capital Partners and Ojas Venture Partners, is eyeing another round of funding.
Infibeam, which is heading for an initial public offering, recently hired Soumya Banerjee to head its digital initiatives. The company intends to gain from his experience in the new technologies space, said Midha. The company has also hired Parag Raval, who is currently working in the CEO's office at Infibeam. Before this, Raval was the founder of ConsulTeam, a Californiabased strategy, financial and management consulting firm.

Bangalore international airport launches learn Kannada campaignBangalore international airport launches ‘learn Kannada’ campaign
Our Bureau
At the launch of the ‘Learn a Kannada Word, a Day’ campaign at Kempegowda International Airport in Bangalore on Saturday.
Bangalore, Nov 1:  
Kempegowda International Airport, Bengaluru, has launched a ‘Learn a Kannada Word, a Day’ campaign at the airport.
The campaign was launched by the Kempegowda International Airport together with the airport community while celebrating the 58th Kannada Rajyotsava (State formation day) today.
The airport flashed Kannada Rajyotsava Greetings on LED screens at the terminal building, along with announcements wishing everyone the same.
Bhaskar Bodapati, Senior Director-Finance and Support Services, said the management would strive to promote Kannada and the culture of Karnataka at the airport.
Earlier, the flag hoisting ceremony was followed by an address by noted Kannada poet and Padma Shree Awardee, Prof K S Nisar Ahmed.
He appreciated the airport management team for its efforts in promoting and upholding the heritage and cultural festivities of Karnataka and for their support to the local community.
The ceremony saw more than 500 employees taking part in various Kannada and cultural events.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Cut in fuel prices may cause revenue loss to PunjabCut in fuel prices may cause revenue loss to Punjab
Festive season fails to cheer car makers  Oc...Festive season fails to cheer car makers, October sales subdued
By PTI | 1 Nov, 2014, 08.12PM IST
Exports were also affected in Oct as shipment of around 1K units to Algeria & Egypt was rescheduled to Nov 2014 due to cyclonic conditions in Gujarat.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Festival season failed to bring cheer to car makers, as major players including Maruti Suzuki India, Hyundai and Mahindra failed to register significant sales growth during the month, which otherwise has been one of the best periods for vehicle sales in the country.
While Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai posted marginal rise in sales during October, others including utility vehicle major Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota Kirloskar and Ford registered decline in sales as compared to same period of previous year as sentiments remained subdued.
Honda Cars India was the exception posting 18.8 per cent rise in October sales.
The country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki said its domestic sales during the month stood at 97,069 units, up 1 per cent from 96,062 units in October last year.
The company said sales during the month, which sees major festivals, were impacted due to less number of working days during the month.
"Owing to festivals and state elections, during October 2014 Maruti Suzuki had 19 working days. This limited the availability of vehicles during the month. In October 2013 Maruti Suzuki had 24 working days," the company said.
Exports were also affected during the month as shipment of around 1,000 units to Algeria and Egypt was rescheduled to November 2014 due to cyclonic conditions in Gujarat area, it added.
The company's sales in the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire declined by 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units in October this year as against 38,410 units during the same period last year.
The recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, however, received good response in the market with the company selling 6,345 units in October.
Rival Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) sold 38,010 units last month in the domestic market as compared to 36,002 units in October 2013, up 5.57 per cent.
HMIL Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said there was increase in sales in additional and replacement buyers segment with demand led by new models like Elite i20, Xcent, coupled with festival buying.
"We anticipate that this positive momentum would build up further with increase in sales of entry buyers if there is strong promise of improvement in economic and macro factors in rural and urban markets," he added.
Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra's domestic sales declined by 15.71 per cent to 40,274 units last month as against 47,787 units a year earlier.
"Our sales for the month of October remained subdued on the back of overall sentiment and high interest rates ," M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International Operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said.

Will Virgin Galactic s crash end space tourismHi Guest
Will Virgin Galactic's crash end space tourism?
The wait for paying passengers to see Earth from the vantage point of space looked a lot longer on Friday, following the fatal crash of Virgin Galactic’s first spaceship, but aspiring space tourists did not appear to be lining up for refunds. About 800 people already have paid or put down deposits for rides on SpaceShipTwo, a six-passenger, two-pilot suborbital spaceship owned by Virgin Galactic, an offshoot of Richard Branson’s Virgin Group, which aims to be the first commercial ...

BJP launches mega membership drive; PM Narendra Modi first toenrollPrint
PM Narendra Modi with BJP President Amit Shah and others during the launch of BJP's membership drive at party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:20 pm
 
BJP on Saturday launched a membership drive amid Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pitch for making it all inclusive so that every section of the society feels that their “flower” is represented in this “wonderful bouquet” of diversity.
Becoming the first person to get the party’s membership in the renewed drive, Modi said the BJP workers should toil hard like during an election campaign and make it an inspirational one across the globe.
“The era of mass agitation for politics seems over… Now people expect parties to play a significant role in public life,” he said at a function organised at the BJP headquarters here to launch the drive.
Noting that India is full of diversity, Modi said BJP should reflect it and “every section of the society should feel that their ‘flower’ is represented in this wonderful bouquet (of BJP).”
He said that getting membership of BJP earlier was earlier difficult, but it has become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
He told the party cadres not to bother about other parties, contending that BJP has already taken a big lead.
“Put your everything into it… Like you do during an election campaign… It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world,” the Prime Minister told the BJP cadres.

Congress delegation not allowed to visit trouble-torn BirbhumvillageBy: Press Trust of India | Chaumondalpur | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:18 pm
A Congress delegation led by the party’s state unit chief Adhir Chowdhury was not allowed to enter trouble-torn Makra village in Birbhum
district, which was made out of bounds for politicians by the Trinamool Congress government.
READ:  BJP’s Naqvi, others arrested for trying to enter violence-hit Birbhum village
Chowdhury led a team of 12 MLAs and other leaders to visit Makra where three persons were killed in a clash between Trinamool Congress and BJP on Monday amidst Section 144 CrPC imposed in the area.
The Prohibitory Orders was cited by the police who stopped the Congress delegation at Chaumondalpur, about three km from Makra.
Chowdhury, former Union minister, said three or four of the team would go to the village so that the Prohibitory Orders were not violated, but the police did not allow that too.
He then held a public meeting at that spot.
In his speech, the WBPCC chief alleged that attackers rained bombs and bullets killing people while the police remained a mute spectator.
“Local people were scared of the police. They do not trust them and that’s why they fled from their houses,” he said adding the administration and the police should take steps so that those who had fled could return home.
The police on Thursday arrested BJP vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, state president Rahul Sinha and other leaders for trying to enter Makra.
Twelve CPI(M) leaders were also arrested on October 29 when they tried to visit Makra. Congress and BJP teams were also stopped on that day.

Jost`s Engineering Company standalone net profit declines 3.92% in the September 2014 quarterJost`s Engineering Company standalone net profit declines 3.92% in the September 2014 quarter
TVS Motor October sales up 22 pc to 2 41 044 unitsTVS Motor October sales up 22 pc to 2 41 044 units
Hong Kong crisis goes unnoticed in ChinaHong Kong protest goes unnoticed in China
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec655cae-4a13-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed leaves emerging markets exposedFed leaves emerging markets exposed
James Kynge – London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eee96c0e-5f8a-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. Economy Grows At 3.5 Percent RateU.S. Economy Grows At 3.5 Percent Rate
 | By                                                                By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
Updated:
10/30/2014  5:59 pm EDT
US President Barack Obama winks at the press as he prepares to depart the White House in Washington, DC, October 1, 2014.  Obama is heading to Chicago where he will attend a campaign event for Gov. Pat Quinn, D-Il, and deliver remarks on the economy at Northwestern University.           AFP PHOTO / Jim WATSON        (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images) | JIM WATSON via Getty Images
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. economy powered its way to a solid annual growth rate of 3.5 percent from July through September, outpacing most of the developed world and appearing on track to extend its momentum through this year and beyond.
The result isn't a fluke.
It turns out the world's biggest economy did a lot of things right after the Great Recession that set it apart from other major nations. In the view of many economists, those key decisions, particularly by the Federal Reserve, appear to be paying off now.
An improving economy led the Fed on Wednesday to end its stimulative bond buying program. Launched during the 2008 financial crisis, it was an unprecedented and aggressive effort to revive a dormant economy by buying trillions in bonds to reduce long-term interest rates.
Doug Handler, chief U.S. economist at IHS Global Insight, credited the Fed and its bond purchases with helping pull the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s.
"Its greatest impact was instilling confidence in consumers and the business community that Fed officials were determined to do everything they could to stimulate growth," Handler said. "To know you have the Fed pulling for you instills confidence."
Thursday's government report on the gross domestic product — the economy's total output of goods and services — added to evidence that the Fed's efforts have translated into robust job growth and a recovery that appears to be solidifying.
The third-quarter expansion was propelled by solid gains in business investment, exports and the biggest jump in military spending in five years. It followed a 4.6 percent annualized expansion in the second quarter, which marked a dramatic turnaround from the first three months of the year, when a harsh winter depressed activity.
Many economists say they're confident that the current October-December quarter will be another solid one. They also project that full-year growth for 2015 will hit 3 percent, giving the economy the best annual performance since 2005, two years before the Great Recession began.
"The economy does appear to be accelerating of late," said Dan Greenhaus, an analyst with investment firm BTIG.
Greenhaus added that the GDP report showed an economy "on a sounder footing today than at any time over the last few years."
The U.S. landscape stands in contrast to other big economies of the world.
Japan's GDP contracted at an annualized rate of 7.1 percent in the April-June quarter.
Germany, Europe's traditional growth engine, risks falling into recession — or growth so weak it holds back the entire euro currency union's weak recovery.
The French economy posted zero growth in the first two quarters of the year and has revised down its growth forecasts for the year to a paltry 0.4 percent.
Momentum is decelerating even in China, which has posted blistering figures in recent years. Growth in the world's No. 2 economy waned to a five-year low of 7.3 percent in the third quarter, though the result falls roughly in line with Chinese leaders' plans for a controlled slowdown.
The U.S. economy is benefiting from a variety of other factors beyond the Fed. For one thing, it's relatively insulated from weakness overseas. Exports account for less than 14 percent of U.S. activity, one of the lowest such shares in the world.
It's American consumers who drive the U.S. economy. They account for nearly 70 percent of the economy, and things are looking up for them. The job market is healthier than it's been in a while, with the unemployment rate at a six-year low of 5.9 percent. And falling gas prices frees up money for consumers to spend on other things that help fuel growth.
The nation has significantly strengthened its financial system, too.
Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at the Martin Smith School of Business at California State University, said that compared with other major economies, the U.S. moved more quickly to bolster its banking system. And consumers' finances are in better shape because many Americans have pared debt.
"The problem in Europe is that they let the problems fester and get worse because they did not act as quickly as we did," Sohn said.
To be sure, the U.S. isn't insulated from headwinds that could snag progress. Volatility has unsettled financial markets recently, and continuing global weakness is likely to drag exports in the coming months.
"Going forward, the appreciation in the U.S. dollar and slow growth in Europe and Asia are likely to once again make trade a net-drag on American economic growth," said James Marple, senior economist at TD Bank Group.
For the third quarter, consumer spending grew at a decent 1.8 percent annual rate, which economists described as steady but unspectacular. The figure was slower than the 2.5 percent increase in the spring quarter.
Also driving growth was an 11 percent rise in export sales, far outpacing imports, which fell at a 1.7 rate. The smaller trade gap added 1.3 percentage points to growth in the third quarter.
Stronger government spending added another 0.8 percentage point to growth, with federal spending growing at a 10 percent rate. It was the first positive contribution in more than two years. Federal activity had been constrained by spending cuts and last year's partial government shutdown.
Defense spending shot up at a 16 percent rate, the fastest advance since a 17.4 percent gain in the second quarter of 2009.
Business spending on equipment grew at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter, and residential construction grew at a 1.8 percent rate.
The Federal Reserve noted the brightening U.S. prospects in its statement Wednesday. It retained language in a statement saying it didn't expect to raise its benchmark interest rate for a "considerable time." But it also pointed to rising signs of strength, including job gains and lower unemployment.
Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics, said that the latest GDP report showed "the Fed was right to take a slightly more hawkish tone."
More:

Beijing subway bans Halloween costumesOctober 31, 2014 7:21 am
Beijing subway bans Halloween costumes
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5219650c-60c8-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kevin Feige - comic nerd who made box-office gold© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2db3a84-5ec3-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

the censored view from Beijing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa0e81a4-479e-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money:  Supreme Court needs to be on same page for better global cooperationBlack money: 'Supreme Court needs to be on same page for better global cooperation'
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Published:  Nov 01 2014, 08:53  IST
Nov 01 2014, 08:53  IST
 

FM Arun Jaitley blames high fiscal deficit on increased tax refundsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Former Burkina president Compaore arrives in Ivory Coast: sourcesFormer Burkina president Compaore arrives in Ivory Coast: sources
India born scientist receives Marconi awardIndia born scientist receives Marconi award
Venkatesh Ganesh
Mathematics scholar Himanshu Asnani at Standford University awarded Paul Baran Young Scholar Award
Bangalore, Nov 1:  
India-born scientist Arogyaswami Joseph Paulraj and mathematics scholar Himanshu Asnani at Standford University were awarded by the Marconi Society in Washington for their technology contributions.
Paulraj, a 69 year old veteran technologist, born in Coimbatore was honoured for his pioneering work on developing wireless technology to transmit and receive data at high speed.
Asnani, aged 27, received the Society's Paul Baran Young Scholar Award for contributing to point-to-point and multi-terminal channel coding and source coding problems.
The awards are named after radio inventor and Nobel laureate Guglielmo Marconi and the Marconi Society awards annually individuals whose work and influence emulate the principle of creativity in service to humanity.
Paulraj, donated his cash prize of $1,00,000 or Rs 60 lakh to the Society's young scholar programme. Asnani was also presented with a cash prize of $4,000 or Rs 2.4 lakh.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Have right to develop areas along China border  | India may build airport at TawangArunachal Pradesh
(Rijiju said he was referring…)
NEW DELHI: Brushing aside China's reservations to its plans to develop infrastructure along the border, government today said it has every right to undertake such projects in Indian territory and no one can stop it.
"We will do certain infrastructural activities which have not been done in the last 60 years. The Chinese should not have a problem with my statement.... They cannot stop me from doing my work," Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju told reporters here on the sidelines of a function here.
China had recently reacted sharply to a statement by Rijiju that India was planning to construct a road along the international boundary from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh to match China's road infrastructure across the McMahon Line.
"There is a dispute about the eastern part of the China- India border. Before final settlement is reached, we hope that India will not take any action that may further complicate the situation," a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman had said.
Rijiju today said he was only referring to the government's plans to improve border infrastructure within India's territory and not in Chinese territory.
"I didn't say that we are going to do anything on their territory. I am an MP from Arunachal Pradesh. I am constitutionally elected and I have the constitutional right and obligation to do whatever is right in our territory. I am looking at border management also," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet fuel prices slashed by 7.3 per centJet fuel prices slashed by 7.3 per cent
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 06.08PM IST
Tags:
Aviation Turbine Fuel
(This is the 4th reduction…)
NEW DELHI: Jet fuel (ATF) rates were today cut by a steep 7.3 per cent, the fourth straight reduction in prices since August on back of falling international oil rates.
The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 4,987.7 per kilolitre, or 7.3 per cent, to Rs 62,537.93 per kl, oil companies announced today.
This is the fourth reduction in jet fuel rates since August. Rates were cut by almost 3 per cent or Rs 2,077.62 per kl on October 1. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 64,414.98 per kl from today as against Rs 69,610.50 per kl previously. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers - IOC , Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp - revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
Yesterday, oil companies had cut petrol price by Rs 2.41 a litre and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre. The sixth reduction in price since August has meant that petrol costs Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi, Rs 9.36 per litre less than what it cost in July.
The second reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to price coming down to Rs 55.60 a litre.
Also, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 18.5 to Rs 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Electronicsmonkey.com: An outstanding site for deals on electronicsElectronicsmonkey.com: An outstanding site for deals on electronics
Kejriwal seeks Modis intervention for SIT probe into SikhriotsArvind Kejriwal accused both Congress and BJP of not ensuring justice to victims of Sikh riots. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:44 pm
On Saturday, Aam Aadmi Party Chief Arvind Kejriwal  sought Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s intervention in setting up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to probe the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and ensure justice to the victims.
In a letter to Modi, Kejriwal welcomed Centre’s decision to give Rs five lakh each to next of kin of 3,325 victims of the riots but at the same time asked him to implement the erstwhile AAP government’s decision to appoint an SIT to probe the cases.
The former Delhi chief minister said the trauma of losing near and dear ones cannot be compensated by money and the guilty should be punished.
“If four of my family members were killed, then Rs five lakh cannot compensate me. Why they are not ensuring justice? We decided to form SIT. Why the decision has not been implemented,” Kejriwal told PTI.
He accused both Congress and BJP of not ensuring justice to victims of Sikh riots.
“The victims are still hoping for justice even 30 years after the riots. The Congress governments did nothing. BJP government had come but it also did nothing. AAP was the only party which ordered setting up of a SIT within one month of coming to power,” Kejriwal said.
The AAP government had on February 6 recommended to the Lt Governor setting up of an SIT with a time frame of one year to submit its report.
The Delhi Cabinet while approving the modalities had stated that all those cases which were closed or shown untraced, would be reopened, reinvestigated and if the need arises fresh FIRs will be filed.
Subsequently, the Lt Governor had approved the proposal but no notification was issued to set up the probe panel.
The Modi government has decided to give Rs five lakh each to the next of kin of 3,325 victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots that followed the assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984.
Of the 3,325 victims, 2,733 were killed in Delhi alone while rest of the victims were from Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and other states.
In 2006, the UPA government led by Manmohan Singh had announced a package of Rs 717 crore which included monetary compensation of Rs 3.5 lakh to the kin of each killed in the riots besides financial assistance to the injured and those who had lost their property.

PM Narendra Modi launches membership drive of  Digital BJP   says politics not dirtyPM Modi, Shah open doors for new BJP members
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 17:58 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) nationwide membership campaign at the party headquarters in Delhi on Saturday, stressing an inclusive agenda and asking the cadre to reach out to every section of the society.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first online member of the BJP followed by party president Amit Shah. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
The drive aims to triple the BJP's numbers from the current 35 million — which would make it the world’s largest political organisation — at a time when the party is riding high on its successes in the April-May Lok Sabha elections and the recently held assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This is the first time the BJP has set such an ambitious membership target, far beyond the 20% benchmark of previous years, and the drive will go on till March 31. If it manages to meet its target, it would have overtaken the Communist Party of China, the world’s largest with nearly 87 million workers.
Addressing a gathering of party leaders and workers on the occasion, Modi said, "BJP should also come across as a diverse party. People from all strata of society should feel that we have a representative in this vase of flowers."
"The poor and illiterate should also feel that we are a part of this party. The organisation should be expanded in such a manner that it is representative of all and can fulfil the dreams of all," said the Prime Minister, who had harped on inclusive development and wellbeing of all during Lok Sabha election campaigns.
Modi also put emphasis on 'horizontal development' - which he described as reaching out to remote villages and ensuring at least one party member in every village - and 'vertical development' - which he described as strengthening of the organisation.
Earlier, delivering the introductory speech on the occasion, BJP national president Amit Shah Shah said, "It's an important and fortunate day for us because our membership drive will be launched by PM Modiji.
Delhi : PM Narendra Modi & BJP President Amit Shah at the launch of BJP membership drive at party headquarter pic.twitter.com/zpPuk8MNqF
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 1, 2014
A smartphone in his hand, Modi became the first online member of the party. He was followed by Shah.
"To become the member of such a party is a matter of pride," Modi said, "Every member of the party is a representative of the people."
The Prime Minister added the BJP was one of the world's most important organisations and could even be a subject of study.
"The BJP is one of the most important organisations in the world. Yet we have never positioned it like that. To be a member of BJP is to live the disciplined life it demands... every member of BJP is a representative of the people."
Asking BJP workers to toil hard, he said, "Put your everything into it... Like you do during an election campaign... It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world."
Reaching out to the young and educated India, a considerable section of which is believed to be averse to politics, Modi asserted, "Politics is not dirty. If it were, Mahatma Gandhi would not have ventured into it."
Modi said that getting membership of the BJP earlier was difficult but it had become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
The BJP has launched a toll-free number — 18002662020 — to facilitate the drive, laying stress on new-age technology that reaped it rich dividends in the Lok Sabha election campaign. Renewal of membership through SMS is also possible.
The BJP's dependence on technology in the drive prompted Modi to describe his party as 'Digital BJP'.
The saffron party expects three to four times increase in the number of its members in every state. The drive that started Saturday will continue till March 31, 2015.
The BJP, which was able to take the 'achche din (good days)' slogan to every nook and corner of the nation in the run-up to the general elections, coined a new catchphrase for its membership drive: 'Saath aaye, desh banaye (Come together, build the country)'.
Modi said the politics of mass agitation was over as people today wanted political workers to play a vital role in solving their daily problems. Incidentally, the last few years of UPA rule had witnessed a series of mass agitations, reflecting people’s anger on various issues.
BJP workers are required to renew their membership every six years and the new membership would be valid for 2015-21.
The party plans to prepare a database of members, link them to BJP booths in their localities and hold regular meetings.
“Review meetings have taken place. Party workers are excited about the programme. They have set a target to increase membership by at least three-fold,” BJP president Shah said. 
(with agency inputs)

Islamic State kills 85 more members of Iraqi tribeISIS militants kill 85 members of Iraqi tribe
Reuters
print
Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, executed 85 more members of the Albu Nimr tribe in Iraq in a mass killing campaign launched last week to break their resistance to the group's territorial advances, a tribal leader and security official said on Saturday.
Sheikh Naeem al-Ga'oud, one of the tribe's chiefs, told Reuters that Islamic State had killed 50 members of Albu Nimr who were fleeing the al Qaeda offshoot on Friday.
In a separate incident, a security official said 35 bodies were found in a mass grave.
The sustained bloodshed appears to demonstrate Islamic State's resilience to US airstrikes against militant targets in parts of Iraq and Syria it controls. Ga'oud said he had repeatedly asked the Shi'ite-led central government for weapons but his pleas had been ignored.
Islamic State has been killing at will, with no signs that the Shi'ite-led government  will send armed forces to the rescue of Albu Nimr or other tribes under threat anytime soon.
Members of the Albu Nimr tribe had held out for weeks under siege by Islamic State fighters in Anbar Province to the west of Baghdad, but finally ran low on ammunition, fuel and food.
Hundreds of tribal fighters withdrew and members of the tribe fled their main village Zauiyat albu Nimr.
Islamic State rounded up many of them, shot them at close range and dumped them in mass graves. Over 300 people have been executed since the killing began in the middle of last week, Ga'oud and security officials.
Security officials and witnesses have confirmed that bodies of more than 200 people were found in mass graves on Tuesday and Wednesday, having been shot at close range.
Islamic State squeezes vast Anbar province
The vast desert province of Anbar includes towns in the Euphrates River valley dominated by Sunni tribes, running from the Syrian border to the western outskirts of Baghdad.
It was the main battleground between US Marines and al Qaeda during the "surge" campaign in 2006-2007, the bloodiest phase of the US war in Iraq, when American troops enlisted the tribes to help them defeat al Qaeda fighters.
Members of the Albu Nimir tribe helped the Americans defeat al Qaeda in its stronghold of Anbar.
Now they are on the defensive as Islamic State militants who possess superior weapons exact revenge, including executions of tribesmen in public squares, for weeks of defiance.
In Anbar, the militants are encircling a large air base and the vital Haditha dam on the Euphrates. Fighters control towns from the Syrian border to parts of provincial capital Ramadi and into the lush irrigated areas near Baghdad
Ga'oud said the 50 tribe members were killed near Tharthar Lake near a desert area.
They had been wandering by foot when they were intercepted by the Sunni militants.
He said one managed to escape the carnage and get word to tribal leaders.
"Forty of the dead were men. Six women and four children were killed while trying to protect their husbands and fathers," said Ga'oud.
"We could not send people to retrieve the bodies because the area is still controlled by Islamic State."
His account was confirmed by Faleh al-Essawi, the chief of the security committee of the Anbar Provincial Council.
In another incident 35 corpses were found on the outskirts of Ramadi. Security officials said they were dumped in a mass grave. But an eyewitness said the militants left the bodies on the ground near farmland.
"The corpses were dumped two days ago. They were handcuffed and blindfolded. Some were wearing tracksuits and others were wearing dish-dash robes," he told Reuters.
Shi'ite Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi wants Sunni tribal leaders to support Iraq's army against Islamic State, which has threatened to march on Baghdad as part of an ambition to redraw the map of the Middle East.
But mistrust had undermined efforts to revive an alliance, with tribal figures accusing Abadi of breaking promises to provide them with weapons.
Iraq's US-trained military collapsed in the face of an Islamic State sweep through the north in June. The Sunni militants seized a range of weapons from defeated troops, including machineguns and tanks.
Iraq's most senior Shi'ite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, called on the government on Friday to rush to the aid of Sunni tribal leaders.

Devendra Fadnavis plans to develop CMO on lines of PMODevendra Fadnavis plans to develop CMO on lines of PMO
Split stares at Tamil Nadu Congress  G K Vasan set to breakawayPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai/new Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:28 pm
The already depleted Congress seems headed for a setback with former Union Shipping Minister G K Vasan on Saturday giving ample indications of breaking away from the party and reviving the erstwhile Tamil Maanila Congress(TMC).
The virtual plans for a split by Vasan, whose father G K Moopanar had floated the TMC in 1996 in Tamil Nadu, emerged even as E V K S Elangovan was appointed as the new TNCC President with Congress accepting the resignation of B S Gnanadesikan, who was upset over his “neglect” by AICC. Vasan on Friday came out in Gnanadesikan’s support.
“I will announce my next plan of action on November 3,” Vasan told reporters in Chennai after holding consultations for the second day with his supporters, which included former MLAs Vellore Gnanasekaran and Vidiyal Sekar.
Raising the “Valamana Tamilagam, Valimayana Bharatham,” (prosperous Tamil Nadu, vibrant India) slogan coined during the founding of TMC by his father, Vasan left no one in doubt about his next plan. TMC later merged with Congress in 2002.
“In Tamil Nadu, the movement (Congress) can be strengthened only by invoking the legacy of Kamaraj and Moopanar,” he said in an obvious reference to the tussle with the high command over the issue of membership cards.
He and his supporters like Gnanadesikan had alleged that the Congress high command had not allowed them to use images of Kamaraj and Moopanar in the cards.
The high command has, however, denied this.
Describing the situation arising out of the resignations of his followers Gnanadesikan and treasurer Covai Thangam as “abnormal,” Vasan said even after this, the AICC’s denial to “allegations” were “unacceptable.”
“I express with grief the wrong political approach (done) in the name of very important leaders of the party,” he said in a reference to the high command not toeing the line of his group in the party on issues, including membership cards.
The controversy over images of Congress icons Kamaraj and Moopanar on the cards had infuriated party workers, he alleged.
“AICC’s deeds in the past several years have been against the mood of the cadres, be it party affairs or on key issues concerning Tamil Nadu people,” he said.
“Especially, post the Lok Sabha debacle, the AICC had ignored the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee and as a result the party apparatus is in a lull.”
Making no bones about his displeasure over the party high command, including the party in-charge for Tamil Nadu, Mukul Wasnik, G K Vasan in reply to a question, accused the high command of having “ulterior motive”.
“When Gnanadesikan (Vasan loyalist) wanted to speed up the membership drive, the diktat of the AICC to postpone it had an ulterior motive.”
In Delhi, Wasnik announced that Congress President Sonia Gandhi has appointed Elangovan as the new TNCC chief.
Elangovan had earlier also served as TNCC chief and was a Minister of State in UPA-I.

Six Ukrainian soldiers killed ahead of separatist voteSix Ukrainian soldiers killed ahead of separatist vote
This new invention is airplane  helicopter and car; all in oneAn airplane, helicopter and car, all in one
Recommend
Link
1 month 10 days ago, Reuters Videos
Engineers in the U.S. are developing a new concept vehicle that can take off like a helicopter, fly like an airplane, and drive like a car.  Sharon Reich reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

United Nations sets up panel to rethink peacekeepingUN chief Ban Ki-moon on Friday appointed a blue-ribbon panel to recommend changes to international peacekeeping.
By: Agence-France Presse | United Nations | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:35 am
UN chief Ban Ki-moon on Friday appointed a blue-ribbon panel to recommend changes to international peacekeeping in the face of increasingly complex and dangerous conflicts.
The independent panel, chaired by former East Timor president Jose Ramos-Horta, includes 13 experts from a range of countries who will undertake the first major review of peace operations in 15 years.
“The world is changing and UN peace operations must change if they are to remain an indispensable and effective tool in promoting international peace and security,” Ban said in a statement.
The panel will assess the UN’s 16 peace operations and look at the needs of the future, from changing warfare to administrative arrangements of missions and the protection of civilians.
Earlier this month, Ban deplored what he called a “bloody October for UN peacekeeping” after a wave of attacks on blue helmets in Mali, Darfur and the Central African Republic left 14 dead in about two weeks.
The UN’s 130,000 troops, police and civilian staff serving in missions worldwide are being drawn into more complex conflicts while being tasked with enforcing fragile peace deals.
The report of the high-level panel is to be presented to the UN General Assembly during the annual meeting in September 2015.

UN Panel Scrambling to Finish Climate ReportThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Laxman: A wristy champion and Australias nemesisTears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

Women in Business: Robin Goldberg  CMO of the Minerva Projectreddit
Robin Goldberg is the Chief Experience Officer of the Minerva Project , a groundbreaking venture to reinvent the university experience for the world's brightest and most motivated students. Prior to joining Minerva, Robin spent more than five years at Blurb in key executive roles as Senior Vice President, International and Senior Vice President, Marketing and Business Development. During her tenure, Blurb grew to be a recognized leader in the self-publishing industry shipping more than 1.8 million books in 2011 to 70 countries. As head of International, Robin led Blurb's geographic expansion into Europe, Australia, Canada and Latin America and was responsible for delivering more than 50% of Blurb's revenue. Prior to joining Blurb in 2007, Robin spent four years as Senior Vice President Global Marketing for Lonely Planet, leading all marketing and business development activities and aggressively driving sales revenue up 50% over a three-year period in a category that was without growth. Robin redefined what marketing meant to the organization, driving the first consumer segmentation model, developing a brand positioning, and introducing guerrilla marketing and innovative publicity. Previously Robin held several key marketing roles in technology as well as consumer brand companies such as Nestle, Clorox and ClickAction. She holds an MBA from The Wharton School and a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
I have my parents to thank as they instilled a strong work ethic and set of values that have grounded me throughout my life. As soon as I turned sixteen, I took a job so that I could buy a pair of boots. Seems silly now, but I've never forgotten that time as I learned early on that nothing was going to be handed to me. To this day, I have never felt entitled and have always believed that if I want to achieve and accomplish meaningful things, I have to work for it. As a leader, I still expect to work hard and value those that are willing to do the same.
I've also learned that success is about much more than what one can accomplish alone. It is about empowering a team to come together to do tremendous things, sometimes exceeding even the most ridiculously high expectations. Experience has proven time and time again that leading a talented, passionate group to achieve a major accomplishment is so much more rewarding then achieving alone. I look to surround myself with individuals with the same strong drive and willingness to roll up their sleeves to make things happen.
How did your previous employment experience aid your position at Minerva Project?
I started my marketing career in a coveted brand assistant role at a traditional consumer packaged goods company. It took only a year to realize that I needed something more empowering and more innovative - that I had to be at a place where I could take more risks. I also quickly learned that I love building something from the ground up and have done that now at each organization I've been a part of.  At Minerva, I bring together my marketing foundation, the hunger to build something extraordinary, the willingness to do the unexpected and unconventional, and the desire to make a lasting difference in the world.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
There are three things that have been key for me in maintaining the balance: setting priorities, blurring the boundaries, and having an amazing husband. I have always wanted to play a key role in the lives of my two boys, so I have set my priorities and hold them sacred. Family dinners are a given when I'm in town, and I've been known to fly back from the other side of the world to get to a musical performance or a school event. I have never been willing to miss an occasion when I knew that looking out and "seeing mom" in the audience would make a difference. I wouldn't trade those smiles for anything.
I've also included my kids in my work life as much as possible. When the boys were little, their images were on the cover of a software package. When I was at a travel publisher, they both contributed to a book that we published (and they were credited). Today, they serve as my favorite in-house focus group when I need to understand the perspectives of high school and college students. I've let them into my professional life versus trying to achieve balance by keeping business and family separate.
I've traveled a lot in my career and, whenever possible, I found ways to take the family on the road with me. This meant they had a chance to experience international travel and we had the opportunity to experience some magical family moments. The fact that they could be a part of my professional travel experiences blurred the lines of work/life in a good way.
All this said, it couldn't be done without an amazing husband who believes in the same family values, helps to handle the daily routines as well as the life maintenance stuff, and is willing to do what it takes to help hold it all together.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Minerva Project?
A highlight and absolute joy is the people that I get to work with each day in an effort to reimagine higher education. Many comment on what an audacious task we are undertaking, and I can only respond that it is the people involved in this effort that make it an engaging, thought-provoking, exhilarating, and rewarding place to come to work each day.  I think back on the past fifteen months and marvel at how much we have accomplished as we have hit or exceeded every milestone we set out for ourselves.
Starting from scratch is always challenging and we hold ourselves to an extraordinarily high standard in all we do. We refuse to compromise. In our unique case, we must have this discipline as we are building an unparalleled undergraduate experience for the brightest and most talented students in the world. When you're dedicated to educating students, you have to get it right.
Why do you think hybrid universities that offer online and offline learning are growing in popularity?
Our society is in desperate need of a solution that helps to make higher education more accessible and affordable. Student debt is at its highest level ever at more than $1 trillion dollars in the U.S. alone. But, what makes it worse is higher education isn't delivering the expected results, and many students are graduating ill prepared to take on the jobs of today - let alone the jobs of the future that are still to be defined.
As change is critical for our collective future, there is more attention being given to how technology might positively change the face of higher education enabling more effective teaching, better learning outcomes and reduced costs. The big wins come from leveraging technology to improve on a current system versus just replacing it.  At Minerva, we're focused on delivering a superior education for a fraction of the cost, making it a model that many are watching closely.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
I've had the pleasure of working with wonderful colleagues, yet throughout my career I've looked around the senior ranks and felt there just weren't enough women.  It's not about quotas or equality - it's about ensuring that any team has a balance of perspectives and I find (in general) that men and women bring different perspectives to the conversation. The best teams I've been a part of include a mix of men and women and a mutual respect around the table so that all voices are equal and valid.
What are your thoughts on Sheryl Sandberg's Lean In book and movement?
The fact that the book has received so much attention is reflective of the reinforcement and encouragement women need to feel comfortable taking their rightful place at the table. I hope the momentum from the Lean In movement encourages women in any role at any level in each organization to feel confident and empowered to find their voice.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I consider myself lucky as my first mentor took me under her wing when I was just 22 years old, in my first job out of college. We were in a male-dominated, technology company, and she helped give me the guidance and the confidence to speak up and stand up for myself.  She continues to be a mentor and dear friend to this day.  More recently, I've had the pleasure and opportunity to work with two exceptional female CEOs. Both were incredibly supportive and gave me advice and guidance to help me succeed in executive roles and to grow in my career. The most significant guidance was around communication. To this day I continue to put much of the advice I was given into practice.  Knowing how much I benefited from the mentors in my life, I'm thrilled that I now play that role for others and hope that I can support their success the way that my mentors supported mine.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
The female leaders I admire most are the quiet ones whose names you won't find on the front page of newspapers and magazines. They are not self-promoting their successes, but instead following a passion, using their strong and persuasive voices to inspire change, and empowering those they lead to accomplish incredible things whether in government, non-profits or businesses.  The best leaders are known to pass all the accolades to their teams - and so it is those that have stayed away from the spotlight (yet made a real difference) that I most admire.
What are your hopes for the future of the Minerva Project?
I couldn't be more excited that we are welcoming our Founding Class in September 2014. It is another milestone on our path to make an extraordinary undergraduate experience accessible and affordable to every deserving student from anywhere in the world. My greatest hope is that, with the preparation and education we provide our students, they will do exceptional things as global leaders and innovators to make this world a better place for us all.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Car sales hit a speed bump in OctoberCar sales hit a speed bump in October
Heres the only thing that matters for goldView Photo
Getty Images
Gold prices (CEC:Commodities Exchange Centre: @GC14Z) got crushed on Thursday, dropping 2 percent and settling below the widely watched $1,200 level. And according to traders Jim Iuorio and Brian Stutland , it could get even worse for bullion-especially if the U.S. dollar stays strong.
"When you're talking about the gold trade, my opinion is that it is all about the dollar," Iuorio of TJM Institutional Services said Thursday on CNBC's " Futures Now ." "If you look over the last six months, you have had a multitude of reasons to buy gold, and every one of them has been ignored. The only thing that really matters is the dollar."
The U.S. Dollar Index (Exchange:.DXY) has been risen 8 percent since the beginning of July, and over the past two days has been nicely buoyed by the Federal Reserve 's (well-telegraphed) announcement that it would end its bond-buying program. This is thought to be the prelude to a rise in the U.S. central bank's target rates. And if rates in the U.S. rise, owning U.S. dollars will become even more attractive than owning currencies such as the euro or the yen.
Read More Gold dips below $1,200 after upbeat Fed statement
More specifically, Iuorio is focusing the U.S. dollar against the euro (the relationship that makes up the lion's share of the Dollar Index). Since the U.S. central bank is preparing to raise rates, and the euro zone's central bank may be primed to embark on further stimulative measures, Iuorio is with many market participants in predicting that euro weakness against the dollar will persist.
Read More Trader smacks down Peter Schiff: 'This is dangerous'
A rising dollar tends to hurt gold prices, because as the dollar increases in value, it takes fewer of those dollars to buy the same amount of bullion.
And because he thinks the U.S. dollar will continue to rise, Iuorio recommends selling gold futures at the $1,208 level, playing for a move down to $1,175.
QE was a 'nonevent': Billion-dollar bond manager QE was a 'nonevent': Billion-dollar bond manager
"It certainly seems like the downside momentum's here in gold," agreed Stutland of Equity Armor Investments. "I took some off the table, I closed some gold positions for myself and clients on Friday right around the $1,225 level. I think the momentum is to the downside."
The bearish sentiments on gold expressed by Stutland and himself "almost make me feel foolish to have a safe full of gold and two guard dogs," Iuorio quipped.
Of course, not everyone is with the traders. No less a central bank expert than former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday that gold is a good place to put one's money these days, the Wall Street Journal reported.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Woman raped  murdered; accused commits suicide incustodyBy: Press Trust of India | Itanagar | Posted: November 1, 2014 7:50 pm
A 56-year-old woman was raped and murdered at Sangram in the remote Kurung Kumey district on saturday, while the man who allegedly committed the crime later hanged himself to death inside a police station, the police said.
Tamchi Sonar allegedly raped the woman before strangling her to death, IGP N Payeng said.
Sonar, who was later arrested, hanged himself inside a toilet at the Sangram police station.
Sonar committed suicide when relatives of the woman were protesting outside the police station after they heard about the incident and when the police were trying to pacify the crowd, Payeng added.

Woman raped  murdered; accused commits suicide in custodyBy: Press Trust of India | Itanagar | Posted: November 1, 2014 7:50 pm
A 56-year-old woman was raped and murdered at Sangram in the remote Kurung Kumey district on saturday, while the man who allegedly committed the crime later hanged himself to death inside a police station, the police said.
Tamchi Sonar allegedly raped the woman before strangling her to death, IGP N Payeng said.
Sonar, who was later arrested, hanged himself inside a toilet at the Sangram police station.
Sonar committed suicide when relatives of the woman were protesting outside the police station after they heard about the incident and when the police were trying to pacify the crowd, Payeng added.

HMSI sales grow marginally in OctoberHMSI sales grow marginally in October
News Conference on Former US Marine Released from MexicoEXPLORE.ORG: Great Dane Puppy Service - Indoor Puppy Room
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Fed keeps rate at record low  ends bond buyingUpdated: October 31, 2014 01:01 IST
Fed keeps rate at record low, ends bond buying
AP
AP Federal Reserve headquarters in Washington.
TOPICS
economy (general)
One of its major goals is to achieve maximum employment
The Federal Reserve plans to keep a key interest rate at a record low to support a U.S. job market that’s improving but still isn’t fully healthy and to help boost unusually low inflation. As expected, it’s also ending a bond purchase program that was intended to keep long-term rates low.
The Fed on Wednesday reiterated its plan to maintain its benchmark short-term rate near zero ‘for a considerable time’.
Most economists predict it won’t raise that rate before mid-2015. The Fed’s benchmark rate affects rates on many consumer and business loans. In a statement ending a policy meeting, the Fed noted that the job market is strengthening. The statement drops a previous reference to ‘significant’ in referring to an ‘underutilisation’ of available workers.
Instead, the Fed said the excess of would-be job holders is ‘gradually diminishing’. It also noted solid hiring gains and a lower unemployment rate, now 5.9 per cent. One of the Fed’s major goals is to achieve maximum employment, which it defines as an unemployment rate between 5.2 per cent and 5.5 per cent.
The Fed repeated previous language that the likelihood of inflation running persistently below its 2 per cent target rate has diminished, even though inflation is being restrained by lower energy prices and other factors.
Investors responded to confirmation that the Fed would end its bond-buying program by positioning themselves for higher rates. Stocks sold off, and the dollar rose against other currencies. Bond yields rose, and the price of gold fell. — AP

MasterCard profit beats estimates on customer spendingMasterCard profit beats estimates on customer spending
MasterCard profit beats estimates on customer spending
MasterCard, the second-largest U.S. payments network, posted third-quarter profit that beat analysts' estimates as customer spending climbed.
MasterCard, the second-largest U.S. payments network, posted third-quarter profit that beat analysts' estimates as customer spending climbed.

Intelligence agencies fear Russian interest© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60bc4b0e-6034-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

K K Sharma takes charge as Director (Operations) at NTPCHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
K K Sharma takes charge as Director (Operations) at NTPC
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
K K Sharma has taken charge as Director (Operations) at public sector power generator NTPC Ltd, the company said in a statement on Saturday.
Sharma has over 39 years of experience in various departments of NTPC and has been the business unit head of NTPC-SAIL joint venture at Durgapur Station, Project Head at NTPC Farakka and Koldam.
He has also served NTPC as the Regional Executive Director in Hydro Region, Coal Mining/Coal Washeries, Eastern Region, Project Planning and Monitoring and as Chief Executive Officer of NTPC-SAIL Power Company.
As a Director (Operations), Sharma will be responsible for the activities relating to sustained operation including fuel management of all NTPC stations.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Government cuts import tariff value on gold  silverYou are here: Home > Collections
Government cuts import tariff value on gold, silver
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 06.39PM IST
Tags:
Gold
(The decrease in tariff value…)
NEW DELHI: The government today slashed import tariff value on gold to $ 391 per 10 grams and silver to $ 551 per kg following weak global price trends .
During the last fortnight, the tariff value on imported gold was fixed at $ 401 per 10 grams and on silver at $ 575 per kg.
The import tariff value is the base price at which customs duty is determined to prevent under-invoicing. It is revised on a fortnightly basis taking into account global prices.
The decrease in tariff value on imported gold has been notified by the Central Board of Excise and Customs, an official statement said.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 2.3 per cent to $ 1171.60 per ounce and silver by 1.73 per cent to $ 16.18 per ounce in yesterday's trade.
In the national capital, gold prices are ruling at Rs 26,550 per 10 grams, while silver at Rs 36,250 per kg today.
Gold is the second largest import item for India after petroleum. Gold import increased for the second straight month to 95 tonnes in September ahead of festival season.
The government has imposed several restriction to curb imports to contain current account deficit (CAD). Import duty on gold was increased thrice to a record 10 per cent last year and made it mandatory to export 20 per cent of the imported gold.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TNCC heading for a splitUpdated: November 2, 2014 03:10 IST
Congress heads for split in T.N.
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tweet
The Hindu Congress leader G.K. Vasan greets his supporters after a press conference in Chennai on Saturday. Photo: K. Pichumani
“I will announce my next plan of action on November 3,” Tamil Nadu Congress leader and former Union Minister G.K. Vasan said in Chennai on Saturday after holding consultations with his supporters for the second day. File photo: B. Velankanni Raj
TOPICS
state politics
Former Union Minister G K Vasan hinted at the revival of the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC), launched by his father, the late G.K. Moopanar
The Congress in Tamil Nadu looks set for another major split with the former Union Minister G.K. Vasan on Saturday hitting out at the All India Congress Committee (AICC) for neglecting issues of the State and hinting at the revival of the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC), launched by his father, the late G.K. Moopanar, just before the 1996 general elections.
Mr. Vasan’s outburst on Saturday came after Congress president Sonia Gandhi accepted the resignation of B.S. Gnanadesikan as TNCC president and replaced him with Mr. Vasan’s long-time rival and former Union Minister, E.V.K.S. Elangovan.
Invoking the ‘Valamana Tamizhagam, Valimayana Bharatham’ (Prosperous Tamil Nadu, Strong India) slogan — coined by Moopanar during the launch of the TMC in 1996 — Mr. Vasan told reporters here shortly after the appointment of Mr. Elangovan that the actions of the AICC over the last few years had been “against the sentiments” of party workers and the people of Tamil Nadu.
Asked if he would launch a new party, Mr. Vasan said he would hold discussions with his supporters and announce the next step on Monday.

Tamil Nadu: Congress stares at setback  GK Vasan may break awaySplit stares at TN Cong, Vasan set to break away
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Chennai/New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 18:14 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:03 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Senior Tamil Nadu Congress leader GK Vasan threatened to break away from the party on Saturday, highlighting the faultlines in India’s oldest party, a day after Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh said Rahul Gandhi should take charge of the party.
Vasan and some other party leaders were upset with the central leadership over the issue of using images of Tamil leaders GK Moopanar and K Kamraj on Congress membership cards.
The Congress has seen a spate of resignations from its state unit over the issue and Vasan has been holding consultations with his supporters for the past two days, including former MLAs Vellore Gnanasekaran and Vidiyal Sekar, fuelling talks of a revival of the Tamil Maanila Congress founded by Vasan’s father, the late Moopanar.
“I will announce my next plan of action on November 3,” he said, shouting “Valamana Tamilagam, Valimayana Bharatham (prosperous Tamil Nadu, vibrant India)”, a slogan coined in 1996 when the party was founded.
Vasan alleged party workers were infuriated by the controversy over the pictures. “In Tamil Nadu, the movement (Congress) can be strengthened only by invoking the legacy of Kamaraj and Moopanar,” he said.
Vasan supporter Gnanadesikan earlier quit as Tamil Nadu Congress Committee chief, alleging the high command had not allowed them to use images of Kamaraj and Moopanar on the cards.
The development could not have come at a worse time for the Congress, which recorded its worst performance in the April-May general election, managing to win only 44 seats. It also lost power in Haryana and Maharashtra in last month’s assembly polls, causing a lot of concern among the party cadres.
Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh stirred a hornet’s nest on Friday when he said that a section of the party felt the time had come for Rahul Gandhi to take over the party’s mantle.
Congress leaders distanced themselves from Singh’s comments, calling them his personal views.
“Those are his views,” said party spokesperson Anand Sharma. “Rahul Gandhi is our elected vice-president and definitely he mobilises the youth and is the future. Both give us strength and whatever steps are required, those are taken by the collective wisdom of the Congress leadership.”
Senior Congress leader Makhan Lal Fotedar said the general secretary’s statement was ill-timed.
“He (Digvijaya) wants to become the party chief,” Fotedar said. “Such people take advantage of the bad time the party is going through. But what they say is not correct. Whatever he wants to say he should say on a party forum.”
(with agency inputs)

Min sought 5cr bribe  says Kerala bar owners bodyComments
Kerala’s ongoing liquor saga got murky on Saturday with government fending off bar owners’ claim that finance minister KM Mani demanded Rs. 5-crore bribe to favour them while formulating the state’s liquor policy.
Biju Ramesh, working president of the Kerala Bar Owners’ Association, created a flutter late Friday after claiming on TV panel discussion that the first installment of Rs. 1 crore had been delivered at Mani’s residence. He dragged chief minister Oommen Chandy into the picture, saying he was aware of the payment.
Ramesh’s claims came on a day Kerala high court stayed for a month an earlier single judge bench verdict directing 250 two and three star bars to close immediately.
The bar licence issue is before Kerala high court following the government’s decision to shut down hundreds of bars in accordance with a long term aim to make the state alcohol-free.
Kerala has the highest per capita consumption of alcohol in India — more than eight litres per person annually, while the national average is 5.7 litres.
The CM dismissed the bar owner’s association’s allegations and also ruled out a probe. Mani too rubbished the charge.
On TV, Ramesh, however, had been emphatic. “The exact date on which we delivered the money can be retrieved from our pass books. We met him (Mani) a second time when the decision on liquor policy was delayed,” he had said.
"When we conveyed this to the CM, he advised us not to pay a single rupee. We are ready to furnish proof if a probe is ordered," he had added.
Another office-bearer of the association claimed Rs. 15 crore had been collected from different bar owners to grease many palms.
Following a storm over the allegations, the CM said, “It is a ridiculous charge. Nobody can tarnish the image of a man who has been there in the public domain for more than six decades.”
Amid support from the CM, Mani said he was ready for any probe. “It is a conspiracy to defame me and my party.”
After the Congress and the Muslim League, his party, the Kerala Congress (Mani), is the biggest partner of the state’s ruling United Democratic Front (UDF) coalition.
The row acquired political overtones as government chief whip and Kerala Congress (Mani) nominee PC George alleged Chandy was behind the allegations.
Referring to George's remark, Mani said, “I do not believe the chief minister is behind the allegations.”
To add to the UDF’s worries, senior Congress legislator TN Prathapan sought a high-level inquiry into allegations. The CM and state Congress president VM Sudheeran pulled up the MLA for making such a demand.
Opposition CPM has sought a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into the allegations. “The CM should remove him (Mani) from the cabinet,” said opposition leader VS Achuthanandan.
(With inputs from Agencies)

Maha Dalit killings: CM asks DGP to probe  submit reportMaha Dalit killings: CM asks DGP to probe  submit report
Oil companies slash jet fuel prices by 73 in IndiaOil companies slash jet fuel prices by 73 in India
Rahul Gandhi should take full charge of Congress: DigvijayDigvijay wants Rahul Gandhi to take full charge of the Congress
By ANI | ANI –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Nov. 1 (ANI): Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh on Saturday said it is high time that party vice-president Rahul Gandhi took full charge of the party.
"It is a general feeling within Congress that the party has always encouraged younger workers. And, therefore, it's time for Rahul Gandhi to take charge. However, the timing should be left for him to decide," said Singh.
Digvijay's comment comes at a time when the Congress is gradually losing its popularity among the masses. The verdict of the assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra is a testament to this fact as the Congress failed to live up to its expectations and was trounced by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in both states.
Earlier, the Congress vice-president had brainstorming sessions with party leaders Sushil Kumar Shinde, Amarinder Singh, Janardan Dwivedi, Mukul Wasnik, Girija Vyas, Shashi Tharoor and Ajay Maken over the future course for the party.
However, Congress president Sonia Gandhi did not participate in the meeting, raising speculations over Rahul's stronger role in the party in the future.
According to reports, the Congress vice-president had also called leaders from across the country to New Delhi to chalk out a strategy to revive the party. (ANI)
Recommend

Include all sections in BJP membership drive: PM Narendra ModiBJP
(BJP today launched a membership…)
NEW DELHI: BJP today launched a membership drive amid Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pitch for making it all inclusive so that every section of the society feels that their "flower" is represented in this "wonderful bouquet" of diversity.
Becoming the first person to get the party's membership in the renewed drive, Modi said the BJP workers should toil hard like during an election campaign and make it an inspirational one across the globe.
"The era of mass agitation for politics seems over... Now people expect parties to play significant role in public life," he said at a function organised at the BJP headquarters here to launch the drive.
Noting that India is full of diversity, Modi said BJP should reflect it and "every section of the society should feel that their 'flower' is represented in this wonderful bouquet (of BJP)."
He said that getting membership of BJP earlier was difficult but it has become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
He told the party cadres not to bother about other parties, contending that BJP has already taken a big lead.
"Put your everything into it... Like you do during an election campaign... It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world," the Prime Minister told the BJP cadres.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi launches BJP s membership drive  asks cadre to fulfil dreams of allPM Modi, Shah open doors for new BJP members
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 17:58 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) nationwide membership campaign at the party headquarters in Delhi on Saturday, stressing an inclusive agenda and asking the cadre to reach out to every section of the society.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first online member of the BJP followed by party president Amit Shah. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
The drive aims to triple the BJP's numbers from the current 35 million — which would make it the world’s largest political organisation — at a time when the party is riding high on its successes in the April-May Lok Sabha elections and the recently held assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This is the first time the BJP has set such an ambitious membership target, far beyond the 20% benchmark of previous years, and the drive will go on till March 31. If it manages to meet its target, it would have overtaken the Communist Party of China, the world’s largest with nearly 87 million workers.
Addressing a gathering of party leaders and workers on the occasion, Modi said, "BJP should also come across as a diverse party. People from all strata of society should feel that we have a representative in this vase of flowers."
"The poor and illiterate should also feel that we are a part of this party. The organisation should be expanded in such a manner that it is representative of all and can fulfil the dreams of all," said the Prime Minister, who had harped on inclusive development and wellbeing of all during Lok Sabha election campaigns.
Modi also put emphasis on 'horizontal development' - which he described as reaching out to remote villages and ensuring at least one party member in every village - and 'vertical development' - which he described as strengthening of the organisation.
Earlier, delivering the introductory speech on the occasion, BJP national president Amit Shah Shah said, "It's an important and fortunate day for us because our membership drive will be launched by PM Modiji.
Delhi : PM Narendra Modi & BJP President Amit Shah at the launch of BJP membership drive at party headquarter pic.twitter.com/zpPuk8MNqF
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 1, 2014
A smartphone in his hand, Modi became the first online member of the party. He was followed by Shah.
"To become the member of such a party is a matter of pride," Modi said, "Every member of the party is a representative of the people."
The Prime Minister added the BJP was one of the world's most important organisations and could even be a subject of study.
"The BJP is one of the most important organisations in the world. Yet we have never positioned it like that. To be a member of BJP is to live the disciplined life it demands... every member of BJP is a representative of the people."
Asking BJP workers to toil hard, he said, "Put your everything into it... Like you do during an election campaign... It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world."
Reaching out to the young and educated India, a considerable section of which is believed to be averse to politics, Modi asserted, "Politics is not dirty. If it were, Mahatma Gandhi would not have ventured into it."
Modi said that getting membership of the BJP earlier was difficult but it had become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
The BJP has launched a toll-free number — 18002662020 — to facilitate the drive, laying stress on new-age technology that reaped it rich dividends in the Lok Sabha election campaign. Renewal of membership through SMS is also possible.
The BJP's dependence on technology in the drive prompted Modi to describe his party as 'Digital BJP'.
The saffron party expects three to four times increase in the number of its members in every state. The drive that started Saturday will continue till March 31, 2015.
The BJP, which was able to take the 'achche din (good days)' slogan to every nook and corner of the nation in the run-up to the general elections, coined a new catchphrase for its membership drive: 'Saath aaye, desh banaye (Come together, build the country)'.
Modi said the politics of mass agitation was over as people today wanted political workers to play a vital role in solving their daily problems. Incidentally, the last few years of UPA rule had witnessed a series of mass agitations, reflecting people’s anger on various issues.
BJP workers are required to renew their membership every six years and the new membership would be valid for 2015-21.
The party plans to prepare a database of members, link them to BJP booths in their localities and hold regular meetings.
“Review meetings have taken place. Party workers are excited about the programme. They have set a target to increase membership by at least three-fold,” BJP president Shah said. 
(with agency inputs)

Islamic State militants kill 85 more members of Iraqi tribeISIS militants kill 85 members of Iraqi tribe
Reuters
print
Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, executed 85 more members of the Albu Nimr tribe in Iraq in a mass killing campaign launched last week to break their resistance to the group's territorial advances, a tribal leader and security official said on Saturday.
Sheikh Naeem al-Ga'oud, one of the tribe's chiefs, told Reuters that Islamic State had killed 50 members of Albu Nimr who were fleeing the al Qaeda offshoot on Friday.
In a separate incident, a security official said 35 bodies were found in a mass grave.
The sustained bloodshed appears to demonstrate Islamic State's resilience to US airstrikes against militant targets in parts of Iraq and Syria it controls. Ga'oud said he had repeatedly asked the Shi'ite-led central government for weapons but his pleas had been ignored.
Islamic State has been killing at will, with no signs that the Shi'ite-led government  will send armed forces to the rescue of Albu Nimr or other tribes under threat anytime soon.
Members of the Albu Nimr tribe had held out for weeks under siege by Islamic State fighters in Anbar Province to the west of Baghdad, but finally ran low on ammunition, fuel and food.
Hundreds of tribal fighters withdrew and members of the tribe fled their main village Zauiyat albu Nimr.
Islamic State rounded up many of them, shot them at close range and dumped them in mass graves. Over 300 people have been executed since the killing began in the middle of last week, Ga'oud and security officials.
Security officials and witnesses have confirmed that bodies of more than 200 people were found in mass graves on Tuesday and Wednesday, having been shot at close range.
Islamic State squeezes vast Anbar province
The vast desert province of Anbar includes towns in the Euphrates River valley dominated by Sunni tribes, running from the Syrian border to the western outskirts of Baghdad.
It was the main battleground between US Marines and al Qaeda during the "surge" campaign in 2006-2007, the bloodiest phase of the US war in Iraq, when American troops enlisted the tribes to help them defeat al Qaeda fighters.
Members of the Albu Nimir tribe helped the Americans defeat al Qaeda in its stronghold of Anbar.
Now they are on the defensive as Islamic State militants who possess superior weapons exact revenge, including executions of tribesmen in public squares, for weeks of defiance.
In Anbar, the militants are encircling a large air base and the vital Haditha dam on the Euphrates. Fighters control towns from the Syrian border to parts of provincial capital Ramadi and into the lush irrigated areas near Baghdad
Ga'oud said the 50 tribe members were killed near Tharthar Lake near a desert area.
They had been wandering by foot when they were intercepted by the Sunni militants.
He said one managed to escape the carnage and get word to tribal leaders.
"Forty of the dead were men. Six women and four children were killed while trying to protect their husbands and fathers," said Ga'oud.
"We could not send people to retrieve the bodies because the area is still controlled by Islamic State."
His account was confirmed by Faleh al-Essawi, the chief of the security committee of the Anbar Provincial Council.
In another incident 35 corpses were found on the outskirts of Ramadi. Security officials said they were dumped in a mass grave. But an eyewitness said the militants left the bodies on the ground near farmland.
"The corpses were dumped two days ago. They were handcuffed and blindfolded. Some were wearing tracksuits and others were wearing dish-dash robes," he told Reuters.
Shi'ite Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi wants Sunni tribal leaders to support Iraq's army against Islamic State, which has threatened to march on Baghdad as part of an ambition to redraw the map of the Middle East.
But mistrust had undermined efforts to revive an alliance, with tribal figures accusing Abadi of breaking promises to provide them with weapons.
Iraq's US-trained military collapsed in the face of an Islamic State sweep through the north in June. The Sunni militants seized a range of weapons from defeated troops, including machineguns and tanks.
Iraq's most senior Shi'ite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, called on the government on Friday to rush to the aid of Sunni tribal leaders.

Army Chief in BhutanArmy Chief in Bhutan
Talks with BJP will continue  says Shiv SenaTalks with BJP will continue  says Shiv Sena
Split stares at Tamil Nadu Congress  G K Vasan indicates break upPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai/new Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:28 pm
The already depleted Congress seems headed for a setback with former Union Shipping Minister G K Vasan on Saturday giving ample indications of breaking away from the party and reviving the erstwhile Tamil Maanila Congress(TMC).
The virtual plans for a split by Vasan, whose father G K Moopanar had floated the TMC in 1996 in Tamil Nadu, emerged even as E V K S Elangovan was appointed as the new TNCC President with Congress accepting the resignation of B S Gnanadesikan, who was upset over his “neglect” by AICC. Vasan on Friday came out in Gnanadesikan’s support.
“I will announce my next plan of action on November 3,” Vasan told reporters in Chennai after holding consultations for the second day with his supporters, which included former MLAs Vellore Gnanasekaran and Vidiyal Sekar.
Raising the “Valamana Tamilagam, Valimayana Bharatham,” (prosperous Tamil Nadu, vibrant India) slogan coined during the founding of TMC by his father, Vasan left no one in doubt about his next plan. TMC later merged with Congress in 2002.
“In Tamil Nadu, the movement (Congress) can be strengthened only by invoking the legacy of Kamaraj and Moopanar,” he said in an obvious reference to the tussle with the high command over the issue of membership cards.
He and his supporters like Gnanadesikan had alleged that the Congress high command had not allowed them to use images of Kamaraj and Moopanar in the cards.
The high command has, however, denied this.
Describing the situation arising out of the resignations of his followers Gnanadesikan and treasurer Covai Thangam as “abnormal,” Vasan said even after this, the AICC’s denial to “allegations” were “unacceptable.”
“I express with grief the wrong political approach (done) in the name of very important leaders of the party,” he said in a reference to the high command not toeing the line of his group in the party on issues, including membership cards.
The controversy over images of Congress icons Kamaraj and Moopanar on the cards had infuriated party workers, he alleged.
“AICC’s deeds in the past several years have been against the mood of the cadres, be it party affairs or on key issues concerning Tamil Nadu people,” he said.
“Especially, post the Lok Sabha debacle, the AICC had ignored the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee and as a result the party apparatus is in a lull.”
Making no bones about his displeasure over the party high command, including the party in-charge for Tamil Nadu, Mukul Wasnik, G K Vasan in reply to a question, accused the high command of having “ulterior motive”.
“When Gnanadesikan (Vasan loyalist) wanted to speed up the membership drive, the diktat of the AICC to postpone it had an ulterior motive.”
In Delhi, Wasnik announced that Congress President Sonia Gandhi has appointed Elangovan as the new TNCC chief.
Elangovan had earlier also served as TNCC chief and was a Minister of State in UPA-I.

Watch Live as Officials Discuss SpaceShipTwo Crashwatch live as officials discuss spaceshiptwo crash
BoJ Announces Unexpected Stimulus MeasuresNikkei Soars As Bank Of Japan Announces Unexpected Stimulus Measures
 | By                                                                ELAINE KURTENBACH
reddit
TOKYO (AP) — Japan's central bank surprised the financial world and pleased investors Friday by intensifying its purchases of government bonds and other assets to try to revive a chronically anemic economy.
The Bank of Japan's move to pump trillions more yen into the financial system is intended to stimulate spending in the world's third-largest economy. It's an acknowledgement that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government has so far failed in its broad efforts to revive growth, especially after a sales tax hike took effect in April. The latest data show consumer spending falling, unemployment rising and excessively low inflation dipping further.
By injecting more money into the economy, the government hopes to raise expectations of higher inflation and thereby encourage people to spend and fuel growth.
Coinciding with the central bank's move, Japan's $1.1 trillion public pension fund acted Friday to move money out of low-yielding bonds and into higher-yielding but riskier stocks to try to improve its investment returns and meet its obligations to a swelling number of retirees. Abe said the move was needed to ensure that the fund can meet its future obligations. Japan is rapidly aging, and its population is shrinking as birth rates decline.
Across the world, investors responded by pouring money into stocks in anticipation that the Bank of Japan's action would mean lower bond yields, higher stock prices and a cheaper yen, which would make Japan's goods more affordable overseas.
After the government's announcements, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index soared 4.8 percent to close at a seven-year high, and the dollar rose 2 percent against the yen. European stock markets also jumped, along with the Dow Jones industrial average.
The central bank said it will increase its purchases of government bonds and other assets by between 10 trillion yen and 20 trillion yen ($91 billion to $181 billion) to about 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually.
The move is striking in its timing: It comes two days after the U.S. Federal Reserve did the reverse by ending its own asset-purchase program, which had pumped $3 trillion-plus into the U.S. economy over the past six years. The Fed is pulling back because, in contrast to Japan's, the U.S. economy is showing consistent improvement.
The Bank of Japan's move raises pressure on the European Central Bank to follow suit. The ECB has been considering aggressive steps to invigorate the ailing eurozone economy, which is suffering from weak growth and too-low inflation.
Ultra-low inflation can hurt an economy because it typically leads people to postpone purchases in expectation that prices will go even lower. It also makes the inflation-adjusted cost of loans more expensive. And it raises the risk of deflation — a drop in prices, wages and the value of stocks, homes or other assets that can further slow spending and tip an economy into recession.
Japan has been stuck in a deflationary trap for most of two decades — a big reason its economy has barely grown.
It's far from clear that Japan's latest move will succeed where Abe's government has so far failed in a multi-pronged effort to boost growth and inflation.
BOJ Gov. Haruhiko Kuroda said the action was need to prevent a reversal into a "deflationary mindset" that has stymied growth by discouraging spending.
Countering such a trend is "the most important thing we can do," Kuroda said. "Whatever we can do, we will."
Harumi Taguchi, an economist at IHS Global Insight, said the Bank of Japan was spooked by signs the economy could slip back into deflation. The Bank of Japan had declined at its last meeting Oct. 7. But the "pressure had increased over the past few days and weeks," Taguchi said. "There was a mounting sense of urgency."
A measure of core inflation, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, has fallen to nearly 1 percent, Taguchi noted. Falling oil prices could push overall inflation even lower. And a planned increase in the nation's sales tax next year could weaken spending and growth.
Such a tax would raise the sales tax by an additional 2 percentage points to 10 percent, after the sales tax rose from 5 percent to 8 percent in April. This year's tax hike was intended to reduce Japan's enormous debt but has slowed the nation's fitful economic recovery. Abe is expected to introduce supplementary spending to try to cushion the impact of the tax.
The central bank said its stimulus spending would continue as long as needed to attain an inflation target of 2 percent. In addition to stepping up asset purchases, the Bank of Japan will triple its purchases of exchange-traded funds and real estate investment trusts and increase the average maturity of the assets it holds to 10 years from seven years.
Its main decisions on expanding its stimulus passed by a 5-4 vote, revealing a sharp split among the bank's policy board members.
Analysts noted that by reducing the yen's value compared with other currencies like the U.S. dollar, the Bank of Japan's moves would likely give Japan's exporters a competitive edge.
"We will all benefit ultimately from a successful Japan," said Lewis Alexander, chief U.S. economist at the investment bank Nomura. "Maybe it's a slight drag to the U.S. economy in the short term. But if this contributes to the long-run success of Japan, we'll all be better off."
___
AP Business Writer Matthew Craft in New York contributed to this report.
More:

Black money: Jail term  severe penalties for guilty in the works  says SITBlack money: Jail term, severe penalties for guilty in the works, says SIT
Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Updated:  Nov 01 2014, 20:40  IST
Nov 01 2014, 20:40  IST
 

Aurobindo Pharma employees stage demoHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aurobindo Pharma employees stage demo
Ch. R S Sarma
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Nov 1:  
The employees of Aurobindo Pharma unit at Pydhibheemavaram in Srikakulam district staged a protest demonstration in front of the joint labour commisioner's (JCL) office here on Saturday and submitted a memorandum urging the official to intervene and do them justice, as "the management is creating a hostile atmosphere in the unit with its vindictive actions and we (the employees) are unable to attend to our duties."
The JCL, Mr Lakshiminarayana, was not there to receive the memorandum and it was left in his office by the Aurobindo Pharma Employees' Union affiliated to the Indian Federation of Trade Unions (IFTU).
The union also found fault with the JCL for not being in the office, even though he had been informed in advance of the protest programme.
According to Mr K Sanyasi Rao, the president of the union, and Mr S Suryanarayana Raju, the general secretary, the Aurobindo Pharma management had been seeking to break the union for quite some time and the latest instance of its "vindictive policies" was the manner in which it suspended 24 employees in connection with the Hudhud cyclone.
As Hudhud was a very severe cyclone, many of the employees could not attend to duties for two days and the union had also advised them to stay away for safety reasons and only 300-400 out of 2,000 or so of the employees could attend to duties.
These employees were either living near the unit or those who had remained in the unit from the previous day (the day before the cyclone).
"We have urged the management to pay wages for all the employees and consider it 'on duty' as it was a very severe cyclone. The other units in the industrial estate such as C.P Aqua have followed the same practice. The management has not only rejected our demand but resorted to serving notices on 24 employees from Oct. 26 and stopping them from attending to duties," they said.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Burkina Faso s President Steps DownBurkina Faso's President Compaore Steps Down After Protests
 | By                                                                BRAHIMA OUEDRAOGO
reddit
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (AP) — The president of Burkina Faso stepped down Friday after protesters stormed parliament and set the building ablaze, ending his 27-year reign and sparking a struggle in the military for control of the West African country.
An army general quickly announced he was filling the vacuum left by departing President Blaise Compaore, but hours later, a colonel made the same declaration.
Col. Yacouba Zida said that he would lead the transition back to democracy in a recorded address posted early Saturday on the website of a national television station.
"While we wait to define in a consensual manner, with all of the political parties and civil society organizations, the contours and composition of this peaceful democratic transition, I will henceforth assume, from today, the responsibilities of the head of this transition and the head of state," he said.
There were signs late Friday that Zida was making a bid for power when he announced that the country's borders had been closed, a transitional committee had been set up and the constitution had been suspended.
But earlier in the day, Gen. Honore Traore, the joint chief of staff, had told a packed room of reporters that he would assume the presidency until elections were called. It was not immediately clear if Traore accepted Zida's announcement Saturday.
When he resigned, Compaore had said a vote would be held in 90 days, but Zida said the "length and makeup of the transitional body will be decided later."
Over the course of several dramatic hours, Compaore went from looking likely to jam through parliament a bill that would let him seek a fifth term to agreeing to step down next year to abandoning office immediately.
The quick succession of events took many by surprise, since Compaore had long out-maneuvered his adversaries and has in recent years become an important regional mediator. Burkina Faso hosts French special forces and serves as an important ally of both France and the United States in the fight against Islamic militants in West Africa.
But French President Francois Hollande was quick to "salute" his decision to resign.
Jen Psaki, spokesperson for the U.S. State Department, called for democratic elections.
"We condemn any attempts by the military or other parties to take advantage of the situation for unconstitutional gain and call on all parties to respect the people's support for the democratic process," she said in a statement released late Friday.
While he was respected on the international stage, critics noted that, under Compaore's semi-authoritarian rule, the country of 18 million people remained mired in poverty. The landlocked country's fortunes rise and fall with gold and cotton prices — and adequate rain in a region plagued by drought.
Compaore's exit will have significance throughout the region, where many leaders have pushed through constitutional changes to prolong their rule and others are attempting to, said Africa expert Philippe Hugon.
"It's obvious that what happened will have an echo in other countries," said Hugon of the Institute for Strategic and International Relations.
In the end, Compaore was pushed from power by violent protests and an emboldened opposition that would accept nothing short of his resignation.
"I declare that I'm leaving power," Compaore said in a statement. "For my part, I think I have fulfilled my duty."
Thousands of opposition protesters gathered Friday in a square in the capital and burst into cheers when they heard the announcement of his resignation on hand-held radios.
"This is a new revolution" and a chance to get it right, said Donald Fayama, a shopkeeper who was among the demonstrators. "At least tomorrow, we are not going to wake up with the same face of the same president."
Compaore, 63, was headed south to the city of Po, near the border with Ghana, a French diplomatic official said on condition of anonymity, citing the sensitivity of the situation.
The outgoing president was still in Burkina Faso on Friday afternoon, and it was not clear if he was trying to cross the border, the official said. He had not asked the French, who were once the country's colonial rulers, for any help.
For months, an opposition coalition had been urging Compaore not to seek re-election. But Compaore and his ruling party appeared ready on Thursday to push through a bill that would have allowed him to run again.
Determined to block the vote, protesters stormed the building, setting part of it on fire. At least three people were killed in the protests, according to Amnesty International, and dozens of demonstrators were shot.
Images of flames enveloping the legislature, cars burning in the streets and protesters massing in the capital raised the specter of a long standoff. But events moved swiftly, with the government suspending the vote and the military announcing that the legislature had been dissolved and an interim government would be formed.
After that, Compaore said he would lead until the new elections.
Protesters rejected that plan and gathered again Friday, demanding that Compaore step down immediately.
It was a sharp about-face for a ruler who had survived other attempts to overthrow his regime.
Compaore first came to power following the October 1987 coup against then-President Thomas Sankara, Compaore's longtime friend and political ally who was killed in the power grab.
For many, his legacy begins and ends with the death of Sankara, a well-regarded statesman whose death was widely viewed as a setback for the entire continent.
Compaore has reinvented himself many times over the years. As a young man, he was in the military. He became justice minister when troops marched on Ouagadougou, the capital, in 1983 and installed Sankara as president. After he took power in his own coup, he developed a reputation as a meddler and a supporter of regional conflicts.
He openly supported Charles Taylor, the Liberian warlord turned president, though he denied active involvement in the Liberian conflict. Compaore also was accused of supporting rebel groups in Ivory Coast and Angola.
More recently, he has refashioned himself as an elder statesman who brokered electoral disputes and hostage releases throughout West Africa.
Domestically, he kept a tight leash on any opposition, never groomed a viable political heir and fought off threats to his power. In 2011, waves of protests washed over Burkina Faso, challenging Compaore's rule, and mutinous soldiers occupied the palace at one point, forcing the president to flee.
But what would have spelled the end for many presidents was a temporary problem for Compaore. He maneuvered to stay in power by removing his security chiefs and appointing himself defense minister before returning to Ouagadougou.
___
Associated Press writers Sylvie Corbet and Elaine Ganley in Paris contributed to this report.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Audi recalls 6 758 A4 sedans in IndiaAudi recalls 6 758 A4 sedans in India
OnePlus One to be available only for those with IndiainvitesOnePlus One will be priced under Rs 25,000
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:06 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:48 am
OnePlus One, the phone that promises the “best performing specs in the market, will soon start shipping to buyers in India. The company, which has signed up Vikas Agarwal as its new India GM , said in a forum post that  purchase opportunity in India will be initially limited to only those with invites.
The company seems to be treading cautiously and admits that they didn’t want to be too ambitious gives that this is their first experience with the Indian market. “Invites have been immensely helpful for us thus far in our current launch countries. They allow us to control our inventory, scale our team and support services to grow along with demand and create an overall better experience for those users with the One,” said the post by Carl Pei , the director of OnePlus Global.
In an email interaction with IndianExpress.com, Pei had said that the company, which has its head quarters in Shenzen, China, was “actively seeking the right partners and processes  with which to launch successfully in this market”. “We are more concerned with doing it right than doing it fast. But we will keep our Indian users fully updated as we explore a launch here,” he reiterated.
OnePLus will stick to its online sales model, especially since they consider India a complex market.”We have had success with this globally and are able to offer a better value for the user,” he said.
Pei said OnePlus One features “the top, best performing specs in the market”. Interestingly, he does not not consider this the biggest selling point. “Our phone is set apart from the rest because of the care we took in the design, build quality and small details. We believe the users will be able to see and feel that difference and rally around the  arrival of the OnePlus brand.”
And OnePlus will also not be dirt cheap. “There are loads of cheap phones in India for those who want them, but we found there are many who won’t be satisfied with just a cheap phone; they want amazing design and performance as well,” he said.
The OnePLus One, which was announced globally in April, will be the company’s first phone in India as well. “Globally, our margins are exceedingly slim and this will also be true for India. There is a cost of doing business overseas but we will still honor our original business model. Right now, we can say that the 64GB One will sell for less than RS 25,000.”
The phone runs a verion of CyanogenMod called 11S based on Android Kitkat and will use a Snapdragon 801 processor with 3 GB RAM, a 3100 mAh battery, a 5.5-inch Full HD JDI display with 401 ppi, a 6-lens 13 MP f/2.0 Sony Exmor IMX214 camera and StyleSwap replaceable back covers. The phone will continued…

Power blackout hits Bangladesh as transmission from IndiabreaksPrint
A Bangladeshi man walks in a shopping mall during a blackout in Dhaka on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:34 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 1:21 am
Bangladesh was hit by a blackout around noon on Saturday that resulted in a near-total grid failure on their side, which then led to a disruption in power supply from India to that country.
Bangladesh’s initial reaction to the outage was to blame it on a tripping of the link between the two countries that has been operational since October 2013. Indian grid managers have substantially rebutted this, saying the glitch originated in the Bangladesh power grid system, which led to a tripping of a key HVDC (high voltage direct current) terminal at Bheramara in southwestern Bangladesh and supply from India stopped as a result.
The HVDC terminal is a crucial gateway of the inter-country grid system that hooks up the two power networks through a 400-kilo volt line that runs from Baharampur in West Bengal to Bheramara, with a capacity to wheel about 500 MW of power between the two countries.
At the time of power disruption in Bangladesh, India was maintaining its routine supply of around 450 MW through the HVDC terminal at Bheramara. According to Indian officials, the blackout resulted in a tripping of the HVDC terminal and supply from India stopped. The terminal interconnecting the two grids is designed in such a manner that power to Bangladesh can be transferred only if the systems on the Bangladeshi side maintain normal frequency. The outage on the Bangladesh side led to a drop in frequency, causing the terminal to snap.
Bangladesh has a cumulative load of around 5,000 MW.
According to officials, till late Saturday evening, Bangladesh had not been able to restore the western part of its grid and as a result, the supply from the Indian side is yet to be resumed. They said no grid disturbance had been reported on the Indian side and the grid parameters have remained stable throughout the day.
Incidentally, Bangladesh’s initial reaction was to blame the blackout on the failure of the transmission line bringing electricity from India. Masum-Al-Beruni, managing director of the state-run Power Grid Company of Bangladesh Ltd was quoted by the Associated Press as saying the blackout was caused by a “technical glitch” and indicating that it could have to do with the line with India.
The head of the national grid in Bangladesh, Chowdhury Alamgir Hossain, reportedly told the Dhaka Tribune newspaper that the power cut began after “a technical glitch at a substation distributing power from India”.
 

Split stares at Tamil Nadu Congress  G K Vasan indicates breakupPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai/new Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:28 pm
The already depleted Congress seems headed for a setback with former Union Shipping Minister G K Vasan on Saturday giving ample indications of breaking away from the party and reviving the erstwhile Tamil Maanila Congress(TMC).
The virtual plans for a split by Vasan, whose father G K Moopanar had floated the TMC in 1996 in Tamil Nadu, emerged even as E V K S Elangovan was appointed as the new TNCC President with Congress accepting the resignation of B S Gnanadesikan, who was upset over his “neglect” by AICC. Vasan on Friday came out in Gnanadesikan’s support.
“I will announce my next plan of action on November 3,” Vasan told reporters in Chennai after holding consultations for the second day with his supporters, which included former MLAs Vellore Gnanasekaran and Vidiyal Sekar.
Raising the “Valamana Tamilagam, Valimayana Bharatham,” (prosperous Tamil Nadu, vibrant India) slogan coined during the founding of TMC by his father, Vasan left no one in doubt about his next plan. TMC later merged with Congress in 2002.
“In Tamil Nadu, the movement (Congress) can be strengthened only by invoking the legacy of Kamaraj and Moopanar,” he said in an obvious reference to the tussle with the high command over the issue of membership cards.
He and his supporters like Gnanadesikan had alleged that the Congress high command had not allowed them to use images of Kamaraj and Moopanar in the cards.
The high command has, however, denied this.
Describing the situation arising out of the resignations of his followers Gnanadesikan and treasurer Covai Thangam as “abnormal,” Vasan said even after this, the AICC’s denial to “allegations” were “unacceptable.”
“I express with grief the wrong political approach (done) in the name of very important leaders of the party,” he said in a reference to the high command not toeing the line of his group in the party on issues, including membership cards.
The controversy over images of Congress icons Kamaraj and Moopanar on the cards had infuriated party workers, he alleged.
“AICC’s deeds in the past several years have been against the mood of the cadres, be it party affairs or on key issues concerning Tamil Nadu people,” he said.
“Especially, post the Lok Sabha debacle, the AICC had ignored the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee and as a result the party apparatus is in a lull.”
Making no bones about his displeasure over the party high command, including the party in-charge for Tamil Nadu, Mukul Wasnik, G K Vasan in reply to a question, accused the high command of having “ulterior motive”.
“When Gnanadesikan (Vasan loyalist) wanted to speed up the membership drive, the diktat of the AICC to postpone it had an ulterior motive.”
In Delhi, Wasnik announced that Congress President Sonia Gandhi has appointed Elangovan as the new TNCC chief.
Elangovan had earlier also served as TNCC chief and was a Minister of State in UPA-I.

Can Private Space Survive 2 Explosions in 4 DaysThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

PM Modi to Secretaries: Next budget should be full of newideasPrint
In an interaction with Secretaries, PM Modi said that the budget should be output to outcome-oriented.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:45 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:13 pm
In an interaction with Secretaries of various departments on Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked the bureaucrats to take fearless decision.
According to sources, some bureaucrats said the Anti-Corruption Act does not have protection for them but PM Modi told them to take decisions without any fear as he would back the right decisions, the sources said.
He assured them that there would be no political interference and asked Secretaries to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation,” the statement said.
Giving an idea of the nature of next year’s Budget, PM Modi said it should be “full of new ideas” with transformational and measurable deliverables.
He said the Budget should be “output to outcome-oriented”, inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes, sources informed.
During the interaction over ‘high tea’ at his residence, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of work being done on various government initiatives, including the ‘Swachh Bharat’ and ‘Digital India’ campaigns, and asked the bureaucrats to take decisions without any fear while assuring his full backing.
While talking about the next Budget, he said it should have transformational and measurable deliverables. “It should be full of new ideas,” he said, in a hint of how the proposals should be.
Encouraging Secretaries to come up with new ideas and proposals for the next Budget, the Prime Minister asked all government departments to advance budget-related processes by three months, so that the moment the new financial year begins on April 1, work could begin as per the provisions of the new Budget in real-time.
“He called for shifting government emphasis from output to outcome,” a PMO statement said later.
At the interaction with the top bureaucrats, second since he became the Prime Minister in May-end, Modi said, “Good things are starting to happen… We are one team. Let us bring openness in governance, come closer and work together.”
Modi expressed appreciation for the involvement in various subjects that the Secretaries had exhibited in the course of conversation, and said this augured well for the country.
At the interaction where more than 80 Secretary-level officers were present, the Prime Minister suggested that all the top bureaucrats should visit the place of their first posting for a couple of days, as this would provide them several new insights on policy-making.
About 70 per cent discussion at the interaction was focussed on the Swachh Bharat campaign, launched by Modi on October 2, the sources said.
Describing it as an issue of mindset, the Prime Minister told the bureaucrats to ensure that each department carries forward the message so that India becomes free of dirt.
Citing feedback he was receiving on social media, he said attitude of people was beginning to change, and the entire mission was becoming people-driven.
“The Prime Minister said cleanliness is not about resources but about attitudes,” the statement said.
He asked the senior government officers continued…

Congress first list out  no JVMalliancePrint
By: Express News Service | Ranchi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:55 pm
The Congress on Saturday released its first list of 14 candidates for the Jharkhand assembly elections, retaining eight of the 14 who won in 2009.
The announcement also ended speculations about the party’s pre-poll alliance with the JVM(P). Congress leaders had conducted two rounds of talks with Babulal Marandi’s party, with one of the options on the table being for Marandi to merge his outfit and become the leader of the Congress in the state. “He thinks so highly of himself,” said a frustrated Congress functionary privy to the negotiations. The Congress will now contest from 76 seats; the RJD will get 10, while the JD(U) will field candidates from five.
Meanwhile, the fallout from the break-up of the party’s grand alliance with the JMM continued on Saturday, with most state-based leaders quick to shift the blame to General Secretary and state in-charge B.K. Hariprasad. His October 15 comments in Ranchi where he declared that the Congress would fight under the leadership of Hemant Soren has been widely panned. “Why did he make the statement even before the seat-sharing formula was formalised? We are a national party, we have certain procedures to follow before picking a leader. Even leaders in Delhi were surprised at what he said,” said a leader requesting anonymity. Hariprasad was unavailable for comments.
The party has decided against giving tickets to Saurabh Narain Singh and Yogendra Saw, MLAs from Hazaribagh and Barkagaon respectively. Sao – expelled from his position as minister in the outgoing government – is in jail, having been arrested for founding two criminal gangs. His wife is in the race to replace Sao. Amidst rumours of him leaving the party, Singh – who unsuccessfully contested in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year – said he has opted out this time. “I want to concentrate on the 2019 Lok Sabha elections,” he said.
The Congress has given Ajay Dubey, eldest son of sitting Bishrampur MLA Chandrashekhar Dubey, the chance to replace his father. The elder Dubey too, was fired from the Hemant Soren cabinet for making personal accusations against the CM. He then left to join the Trinamool Congress but has since returned to the Congress fold. No replacement has been announced yet for Sawna Lakra, the Khijri legislator, has been disqualified after been convicted in a murder case.
Bidesh Singh, who rebelled and won as an Independent from Panki the last time, has been welcomed back. Pradesh Congress President Sukhdeo Bhagat, who came last time, has been re-nominated for Lohadaga.

After crashing with trawler in Gulf of Khambhat  crew of Iranian shipquizzedPrint
Written by Kamal Saiyed | Surat | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:48 pm
The captain and the crew of an Iranian ship, suspected to have collided with an Indian fishing trawler in the Gulf of Khambhat, were interrogated on Saturday. While, three fishermen have survived the accident, two have died and three others are still missing.
Rahbaran Darya, a Pakistani national, was interrogated jointly by the marine police and coast guard officials after his vessel – MV Batis -hit the trawler “Ashtvinayak” about 60 nautical miles from the Jafrabad coast in Amreli district on October 29, 2014. The vessel with 23 crew on board has been detained by the authorities at a jetty owned by Essar Group at Hazira in South Gujarat.
“When we questioned the captain, Rahbaran Darya, we found that he is Pakistani national and was working with an Iranian company since last few years. Darya has however, denied about colliding with the fishing boat. We have told marine police in Surat not to allow the vessel to sail into the sea till the probe is finished. Meanwhile, the search is still on for the three missing fishermen,” said Jafrabad Marine police sub inspector B G Chetarya while talking to The Indian Express.
The officials also questioned 23 crew members to find out how the incident had occurred. Jafrabad police has lodged a complaint under CrPC 174 following the accidental death of two fishermen and have started investigations.
According to official sources, M V Battis started its journey on October 24 and was headed towards Hazira port to collect iron rolls from an unit belonging to the Essar Group. On the way, the vessel crashed in to the trawler (GJ-14-MM-139) with registration number 829. The trawler owned by one Narsinh Baraiya overturned in the collision throwing eight fishermen in to the high seas. The boat was also badly damaged in the incident.
It was only the next morning that some of the local fishing boats found a damaged overturned boat and three fishermen struggling for life. The local fishermen saved the trio and brought the overturned boat to Jafrabad. The fishermen found two dead bodies in the cabin, following which they informed Jafrabad Marine police.
Chetaria of Jafrabad marine police quizzed the three survivors and got the details of the Iranian vessel. Thereafter the coast guard officials were contacted and the ship’s location was traced to Hazira (Surat). The Jafrabad Marine police instructed their counterparts in Surat to detain the M V Batis ship at Hazira.
The three fishermen who were saved are identified as Ramdas Vansh, Akash Baraiya, and Kanha Baraiya, while the two fishermen who died were identified as Narsinh Solanki and Shyambhai Solanki —both residents of Jafrabad. Kiran Tandel, Kailash Baraiya and Nitin Tandel — all residents of Jafrabad– are those missing. The marine police along with coast guard officials of Jafrabad with the help of local fishermen are still searching for those missing.
“We have forward our investigations report with case papers to Yellow gate police station of Mumbai and they have got powers to investigate into such cases that occur in deep sea,” Chetaria continued…

BJP s membership drive: PM Modi becomes first to enrol  asks cadre to fulfil dreams of allPM Modi, Shah open doors for new BJP members
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 17:58 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) nationwide membership campaign at the party headquarters in Delhi on Saturday, stressing an inclusive agenda and asking the cadre to reach out to every section of the society.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first online member of the BJP followed by party president Amit Shah. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
The drive aims to triple the BJP's numbers from the current 35 million — which would make it the world’s largest political organisation — at a time when the party is riding high on its successes in the April-May Lok Sabha elections and the recently held assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This is the first time the BJP has set such an ambitious membership target, far beyond the 20% benchmark of previous years, and the drive will go on till March 31. If it manages to meet its target, it would have overtaken the Communist Party of China, the world’s largest with nearly 87 million workers.
Addressing a gathering of party leaders and workers on the occasion, Modi said, "BJP should also come across as a diverse party. People from all strata of society should feel that we have a representative in this vase of flowers."
"The poor and illiterate should also feel that we are a part of this party. The organisation should be expanded in such a manner that it is representative of all and can fulfil the dreams of all," said the Prime Minister, who had harped on inclusive development and wellbeing of all during Lok Sabha election campaigns.
Modi also put emphasis on 'horizontal development' - which he described as reaching out to remote villages and ensuring at least one party member in every village - and 'vertical development' - which he described as strengthening of the organisation.
Earlier, delivering the introductory speech on the occasion, BJP national president Amit Shah Shah said, "It's an important and fortunate day for us because our membership drive will be launched by PM Modiji.
Delhi : PM Narendra Modi & BJP President Amit Shah at the launch of BJP membership drive at party headquarter pic.twitter.com/zpPuk8MNqF
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 1, 2014
A smartphone in his hand, Modi became the first online member of the party. He was followed by Shah.
"To become the member of such a party is a matter of pride," Modi said, "Every member of the party is a representative of the people."
The Prime Minister added the BJP was one of the world's most important organisations and could even be a subject of study.
"The BJP is one of the most important organisations in the world. Yet we have never positioned it like that. To be a member of BJP is to live the disciplined life it demands... every member of BJP is a representative of the people."
Asking BJP workers to toil hard, he said, "Put your everything into it... Like you do during an election campaign... It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world."
Reaching out to the young and educated India, a considerable section of which is believed to be averse to politics, Modi asserted, "Politics is not dirty. If it were, Mahatma Gandhi would not have ventured into it."
Modi said that getting membership of the BJP earlier was difficult but it had become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
The BJP has launched a toll-free number — 18002662020 — to facilitate the drive, laying stress on new-age technology that reaped it rich dividends in the Lok Sabha election campaign. Renewal of membership through SMS is also possible.
The BJP's dependence on technology in the drive prompted Modi to describe his party as 'Digital BJP'.
The saffron party expects three to four times increase in the number of its members in every state. The drive that started Saturday will continue till March 31, 2015.
The BJP, which was able to take the 'achche din (good days)' slogan to every nook and corner of the nation in the run-up to the general elections, coined a new catchphrase for its membership drive: 'Saath aaye, desh banaye (Come together, build the country)'.
Modi said the politics of mass agitation was over as people today wanted political workers to play a vital role in solving their daily problems. Incidentally, the last few years of UPA rule had witnessed a series of mass agitations, reflecting people’s anger on various issues.
BJP workers are required to renew their membership every six years and the new membership would be valid for 2015-21.
The party plans to prepare a database of members, link them to BJP booths in their localities and hold regular meetings.
“Review meetings have taken place. Party workers are excited about the programme. They have set a target to increase membership by at least three-fold,” BJP president Shah said. 
(with agency inputs)

Raipur  Gwalior far more polluted than DelhiRaipur, Gwalior far more polluted than Delhi
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 20:37 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 23:25 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
While a veil of smog has been choking Delhi this week, the national pollution watchdog's data reveals Chhattisgarh's capital Raipur, Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand's Kashipur are breathing in far more polluted air than Delhi.
The air pollution numbers from 252 Indian cities released by the CPCB bring to light the darker side of India's growth story, say experts.
The rise in particulate air pollution levels - that can cause respiratory and heart ailments - in smaller cities has been much more than the metropolises, traditionally considered the worst offenders. In fact, eight of the top 10 most polluted cities are developing ones.
None of these new cities were on India's hazardous air pollution logs five years ago. India's industrial towns and metros like Delhi, Ludhiana, Indore and Kanpur topped the dirty air chart then.
But while media glare over these cities resulted in some corrective measures leading to a slowdown in the growth of pollutants, nothing like that happened in the tier-2 and tier-3 cities.
As a result, Delhi slipped to the fifth position in particulate matter pollution levels from the top rank it held for many years till 2009. Ghaziazbad, which was second on the list in 2010, slipped to ninth in 2011.
"All the attention of the policymakers and the NGOs was on the big cities," said Anumita Roy Chowdhury of the non-profit Centre for Science and Environment (CSE). "In this, we forgot about the environmental hazard brewing elsewhere."
The CPCB data also boggled policymakers as only one Indian city, Mahabalipuram, had lower than standard pollution levels in 2011 as compared to more than one-fourth of the cities monitored in 2008.
In about 60% of the cities, the annual average of the air pollution levels was high or critical. This means that in certain seasons, especially winter, the levels were alarmingly high.
Delhi and nearby areas have seen particulate matter pollution levels touching 800 micrograms per cubic metre of air as winter sets in, where the annual average in 2011 was 262.

Next budget should be full of new ideas: PMNext budget should be full of new ideas: PM
8 Easy  Last-Minute Halloween Costumes For Internet Loversreddit
If you're like us, you've suddenly realized two things: Halloween is just days away, and you've been too busy wasting your life away on the Internet to figure out a costume.
Maybe you were checking Instagram, or Snapchat, or reading about Yo's new features. But whatever your Internet kick, why not use it to your advantage and create a fun, topical, kick-ass, party-impressing costume?
Since we were in that exact boat, we decided to create a guide to eight easy, tech-inspired costume ideas that only take a few minutes to make. Enjoy.
Yo
How to pull it off: Tape the word "Yo" to a purple shirt . Wearing purple yoga pants is also strongly encouraged. Say "yo" a lot to people and always go for the high-five.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
Tinder
How to pull it off: Tape "like" and "dislike" icons to your outfit. Swipe right to increase your odds of a match on Friday.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
Instagram
How to pull it off: Find a colored acetate sheet, which is usually available at your local art supply store, and print out some Instagram icons (available on Google Image Search, duh). Show how wonderful your life is throughout the night.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
How to pull it off: Tape an apple to your wrist. Act smug.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
Grumpy Cat
How to pull it off: Put on a cat nose and ears. Frown and act grumpy.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
Ice bucket challenge
How to pull it off: Fill a bucket with packing peanuts. Cut holes in a see-through trash bag and put it on to simulate water. Be annoyingly competitive and attention-seeking.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
Snapchat
How to pull it off: Take a sheet and cut eye holes into it. Do a weird little dance when you arrive, then disappear.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
iCloud
How to pull it off: Wrap some stuffing material  -- Halloween spider web material works well -- around your head and cover it with hundreds of celebrity photos. Shrug when the photos fall out of the cloud.
(Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post)
More:

What it is Like to Start a Small Businessreddit
Officially a month into my new business venture, I've fully immersed myself in my company. While each day is an incredible learning experience, I've certainly felt a vast range of emotions over the past few weeks (and I'm sure there is more to come).
So, what's it like giving up a steady paycheck and benefits to start your own endeavor?
It's exciting - The thrill of starting a new business venture that you can call your very own is indescribable. You will feel increased confidence and quickly develop a 'can-do' attitude (you also develop a thick skin).
It's scary - Often times you will find yourself questioning your decisions (be it to start a business in general, or just the minor business decisions you make along the way).  It is important not to forget these intimidating feelings, as they can be channeled into increased determination and fuel for your future success.
It's fun - Your wins become more meaningful and your losses become invaluable learning experiences. Even the smallest 'win' at first will feel like a gold medal. It is important to remember to celebrate every win.
It's expensive - Software may cost just a few hundred dollars, but hardware and support could cost thousands more. Remember to think big picture for all costs, and when budgeting consider Murphy's Law - Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
It's stressful - There is increased pressure to succeed when it's just you in the driver's seat. In addition to the personal pressures you may put on yourself, there are also financial pressures you cannot ignore. While these pressures are natural, you should not allow them to directly affect your outlook.
It's empowering - Now you call the shots -- you make the decisions. You are officially the only person responsible for your future, and every action you take (or don't take) will have a lasting effect.
Did you recently start a business? Share your experiences in the comments below.
Gillian dreams big. After years of working under successful and inspirational women, she woke up one day at age 27 realizing she wanted more out of her career. The result of her revelation is Gillian Small Public Relations, a small business offering high-quality PR services at an affordable price.
Follow Gillian Small on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GillianSmallPR
More:

http://usat.ly/1wGjiJAFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Postal Service expects 14% surge in holiday deliveries
The U.S. Postal Services wants to shift more of its resources to package delivery as e-commerce booms and letter-writing fades into oblivion, U.S. Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe said Wednesday. As the
Post to Facebook
Postal Service expects 14% surge in holiday deliveries The U.S. Postal Services wants to shift more of its resources to package delivery as e-commerce booms and letter-writing fades into oblivion, U.S. Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe said Wednesday. As the Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wENohz
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Postal Service expects 14% surge in holiday deliveries
Donna Leinwand Leger , USA TODAY 8:46 p.m. EDT October 29, 2014
Post Master General and U.S. Postal Service CEO Patrick Donahoe announces a plan to keep the nation's smallest post offices open despite ongoing budget troubles on May 9, 2012, in Washington.
(Photo: Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images)
551 CONNECT 108 TWEET 61 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The U.S. Postal Service,  United Parcel Service and FedEx expect a year-end surge in parcel delivery, fueled by booming online shopping during the holiday season.
The Postal Service expects to deliver 4 billion packages this year, an 8% increase over 2013, U.S. Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe said Wednesday in an exclusive interview with USA TODAY.  But deliveries over the holiday season could total 475 million, up 12% to 14% from last year. Parcel deliveries will peak between Thanksgiving and Christmas.
"We're ready. Our employees are ready," Donahoe said.
UPS predicts it will handle 585 million packages in December, up 11% over 2013. UPS says it expects Dec. 22 to be its busiest delivery day of the season.
Last year, hundreds of irate customers vented on social media and provoked national media attention after UPS failed to deliver thousands of packages by Christmas Eve. UPS said it did not properly calculate and prepare for a huge surge in online shopping.
UPS says it has invested $175 million to increase its sorting capacity and is hiring up to 95,000 seasonal workers to deal with the holiday crush. Employees will also work Nov. 28, the day after Thanksgiving, the company said Wednesday.
"We expect the additional operating days and expanded capacity to smooth out what is expected to be record volume," UPS Vice President Alan Gershenhorn said.
FedEx  expects to move more than 290 million shipments between Black Friday and Christmas Eve, an 8.8% increase in overall year-over-year peak seasonal volume. The company predicts Dec. 15 will be its busiest day.
Amazon, one of the largest drivers of holiday shipping, said earlier this month it would hire 80,000 seasonal workers, 14% more than last year, to keep up with customer demand at its 50 fulfillment centers. Packages are delivered to Amazon distribution centers throughout the country where they are sorted by ZIP code and transferred to the Postal Service for delivery.
U.S. Postal Service letter carrier of 19 years, Michael McDonald, gathers mail to load into his truck before making his delivery run in the East Atlanta neighborhood.
(Photo: David Goldman, AP file)
The Postal Service, with carriers working through the holiday, managed to deliver most packages on time, even as package volume exceeded its prediction of a 10% surge, Donahoe said. UPS and rival FedEx also pay the Postal Service to deliver more than 470 million packages to residences.
With 215,000 routes, the Postal Service can shift employees and resources to deliver packages seven days a week to most  homes and businesses, Donahoe said. The Postal Service shifts to seven-day package delivery after Thanksgiving.
"That's why we never got into trouble," Donahoe said. "Once you get backed up, it's hard to catch up again."
The record surges in package delivery gives added urgency to the Postal Service's need to change, Donahoe said. First class mail volume has dropped more than a third in the last decade,  while online shopping is growing, he said.  The Postal Service needs to shift more of its resources to daily package delivery, he said.
"The future will be a seven-day package world and a five-day mail world," Donahoe said.
The Postal Service, which posted net losses of $2 billion in the third quarter, has asked Congress to allow it to eliminate Saturday mail delivery and recalculate its federal pension and retiree health benefit contribution to cut costs. The Postal Service was unable to pay a $5.7 billion retiree health pre-funding payment due to the U.S. Treasury in September.
Eliminating Saturday mail delivery would save $2 billion a year, Donahoe said.
The Postal Service would also shut down some mail-processing centers that spend many hours a week idle because of low mail volume. Those changes would add to delivery time. At its current operations, 30% of mail is delivered overnight. If the changes are approved, that would drop to 22%, Donahoe said. The changes would eliminate jobs for about 7,500 of the Postal Service's 630,000 employees.
Donahoe says he's pushing Congress to give the Postal Service more freedom to respond the market changes so it can compete with the likes of UPS and FedEx and stay solvent while still providing universal mail delivery to 166 million homes and businesses.
The Postal Reform Act of 2014, introduced by  Sen. Tom Carper, D-Del., and Sen Tom Coburn, R-Okla., in January and approved by the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee in February, would give the Postal Service more flexibility to set rates and change business practices as well as recalculate federal requirements for advance funding of retiree benefits.
The Postal Service operates on the money it earns from postage. It does not receive a federal budget appropriation, but it has borrowed $15 billion from the U.S. Treasury to cover its losses.
Under current law, the Postal Service can't respond to market changes because price increases are capped at the rate of inflation, and such increases require postal commission approval. Last year, the postal commission approved a temporary 3-cent increase in the price of a stamp to 49 cents.
"Congress needs to act," Donahoe said. "We've done everything we can."
551 CONNECT 108 TWEET 61 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wENohz
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

ThoughtFocus solution for efficient dairy managementThoughtFocus solution for efficient dairy management
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
American technology firm ThoughtFocus has developed a cloud-based IT dairy solution ‘Beyond Measurements’ (BM) to bring transparency in transactions between farmers and dairy owners.
Using the cloud platform, BM institutes an intelligent system at collection centres to check the quality of milk, transparency of payments, monitoring data collection and envisages cold chain management solutions.
It was first installed at a Bangalore private dairy in 2012 and has since monitored the collection of more the 250 million litres (ml) across 50-plus centres in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, including some belonging to dairy major Hatsun Agro.
“Farmers get the milk to a collection centre where milk samples are analysed for fat and SNF content. Based on quality and quantity, the farmer is paid and gets an alert on his phone about the transfer of money into his bank account,” said Avinash Dongre, Practice Head, ThoughtFocus.
With regard to the cold chain solutions aspect, weighing happens at each collection centre and samples are again checked for consistency before being sent to chilling centres. The data is backed up on a private cloud where it’s analysed by authorised personnel.
“As a result, farmers get the true value for what they produce and have their payment done in less than five minutes. As the cloud data is shared with dairy owners, it helps them in operational management and planning,” said Dongre, adding that identification of the quality and quantity of milk being provided by individual farmers have enabled owners to fairly remunerate and guide them on yield.
Most dairies had no solutions platforms and BM has helped dismantle data manipulation and build trust between producer and processor, Dongre said.
“It helps the entire ecosystem. Say a producer is known to be supplying 250 litres and on a particular day he supplies 220 litres. An immediate intervention is possible with our solution. The companies can analyse real time on shift to shift variations for centres and farmers,” he explained.
Being used mainly by private and cooperative dairies in the South for now in 5,000 villages and engaging with over 10 lakh producers, the company plans to expand its footprint in other parts of the country soon. In terms of cost, the only expenditure involved is for the Data Protection Unit at the centres.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Iran confirms trilateral n-meet Nov 9-10Iran confirms trilateral n-meet Nov 9-10
Tata Comm Q2 Net up 15 per cent at Rs 92.4 croreTata Comm Q2 Net up 15 per cent at Rs 92.4 crore
Tata Motors sales down 17 per cent in OctoberTata Motors sales down 17 per cent in October
Boeing and SpaceX win $6.8bn Nasa dealsBoeing and SpaceX win $6.8bn Nasa space flight deals
By Geoff Dyer in Washington and Robert Wright in Calvert, Alabama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d340a98e-3def-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alto automatic set to change market mindsetAlto automatic set to change market mindset
Our Bureau
Tweet
Best-selling hatch to come in AMT avatar
When Maruti launched the Celerio with the AMT (automated manual transmission) version early this year, the market made a huge beeline for the product. Now with the entry car, Alto, also due to get an AMT option, it will be interesting to see how this paves the way for an automatic wave in India.
For years, customers have preferred manual transmissions despite difficult traffic conditions as they have always been paranoid about lower mileage in automatics. Ironically, many years ago, Maruti had to withdraw the Zen automatic from the market as there were just no takers precisely for this reason.
Times have sure changed now with the Celerio setting the pace for the transition and the top-selling Alto tipped to take the story to the next level. Like Maruti, Tata Motors also has an AMT option for the recently launched Zest (diesel) compact sedan. It is likely that the Bolt hatchback, due to debut next month, will have this feature too.
The Nano was initially planned as an automatic too given that the inspiration for the people’s car was the gearless scooter. One wonders if market reception to the product would have been different had it stuck to this plan. For the moment, though, Maruti has taken the lead and a market of young buyers is now ready to move beyond the cumbersome manual transmission.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Govt extends Finance Commission s term by 2 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Telangana
Government extends the 14th Finance Commission's term by two months
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 06.21PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(CM Chandrababu Naidu…)
NEW DELHI: Government has extended the term of the 14th Finance Commission by two months to December 31.
"The proposal of extension of time period by two months for submission of report by the Fourteenth Finance Commission has been considered and approved by the Cabinet," an official release said today.
The Commission had sought two months' extension for the submission of its report by up to December 31, 2014 to examine financial projections, carry out consultations with the government of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana in view of additional term of reference made to it.
It is to make recommendations for the successor states on reorganisation of the Andhra Pradesh in accordance with Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has sought liberal assistance from the Commission to help the state, which is facing financial problems including big budget deficit , following its division and creation of Telangana.
The 14th Finance Commission was constituted in January 2013 to recommend, among other things, distribution of taxes between the Centre and states as well to suggest measures for maintaining a stable and sustainable fiscal environment.
The Commission was to submit its report on the basis of its terms of reference by October 31, 2014 covering a period of five years from April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2020.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi flags concern over corruption with Gen un...Chinese President Xi Jinping flags concern over corruption with top General under scanner
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 06.31PM IST
Tags:
Communist Party of China
(Outstanding problems in…)
BEIJING: Chinese President Xi Jinping has called on his country's military and the ruling Communist Party to "pay great attention to and seriously reflect" on law violations by China's highest ranking General, who is being investigated for taking huge bribes.
There should be serious reflection on the discipline and law violations by former Central Military Commission (CMC) Vice Chairman Xu Caihou , said Xi, who is general secretary of Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and CMC chairman.
The Chinese President said people should "pay great attention" to and "seriously treat" the case of Xu, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
"Lessons learned from Xu's case deserve a profound reflection and the unfavourable influence of the case must be thoroughly cleared away," Xi said yesterday at a military political work conference held in a former revolutionary base in the township of Gutian, Shanghang County of southeastern Fujian Province.
Xu had confessed to taking bribes, Military prosecutors announced last Tuesday.
Xu, who held the most influential military post, was also expelled from the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) and discharged from military service with his rank as general revoked.
Xu is the highest ranking PLA official to have been court marshalled since China came under the rule of Communist Party in 1949.
He took over as Vice Chairman of the CPC headed by former President Hu Jintao and retired along with Hu in 2013 holding the post for the longest time.
He was accused of introducing "cash for ranks" policy in promoting officers and found to have taken the advantage of his position to assist the promotion of other people, accepting huge amount of bribe personally and through his family.
The retired General along with former top security official Zhou Yongkong and various other officials were being investigated for heavy corruption and abuse of power in the anti-graft campaign launched by Xi since he took over power last year after a once-in-a-decade leadership change.
Outstanding problems in the ideological and political development in military construction should be faced squarely, Xi said.
Prosecutors said investigation into the Xu's case has concluded and the filing of the case has begun, Xinhua reported today.
The retired General who is reportedly suffering from cancer has been detained along with some of this family members.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Goa to auction new mining leases  renew exis...Goa government to auction new mining leases, renew operational ones
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 06.17PM IST
Tags:
Goa government
(Goa government has decided…)
PANAJI: Goa government has decided to auction new mining leases while the existing operational leases would be renewed without going for any bidding.
"What I have suggested is that if there is any new lease, auctioning route has to be followed. This is not valid for the leases which are operative. There were 80-85 operational leases when the mining was banned," Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar told reporters here today.
The state government has already cancelled 369 mining leases which were not operational, he said.
"If we have to grant those leases (369 leases), I will follow the procedure of auctioning," he said.
Though the Centre has decided to follow auctioning route for coal allocation, Goa government cannot do the same for the operational mining leases as the Supreme Court has not termed the iron ore mining leases as illegal, he said.
"In case of coal, the SC has termed all the leases as illegal, so the slate is clean for the Centre. But in case of Goa, the C has not said that the mining leases are illegal. The court order has said that the extension of leases beyond 2007 is illegal," Parrikar said.
"The Supreme Court has said that the state government should form the policy and give the leases accordingly. As far as coal is concerned, all the leases became null and void and that's why they have issued ordinance," he said.
He further said that auctioning may not happen in the near future for Goa mining leases as the state's export levels are capped at 20 million metric tones annually by the SC.
"There is a cap of 20 million MT. I have no option but to curtail the existing operational leases. I don't think it will exceed 50 out of 80-85 operational mining leases," he said, adding that each of the mining leases would be given an annual extraction limit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sena to Maharashtra CM Fadnavis: Fulfil expectations or face public ireComments
Shiv Sena on Saturday cautioned new Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
Poonam Mahajan clicks a picture of CM Devendra Fadnavis with his mother after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium. (HT photo)
"The new government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said.
This is the first lesson the new government will have to learn, the Sena said amid signs of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways on September 25, just weeks before the assembly polls, which saw BJP emerging as the single largest party in the state.
It is true that there is no magic wand to fulfil promises made (during polls) but people of Maharashtra are looking at the new government, the first led by BJP, with a lot of hope, the publication said. "Mantralaya (the state secretariat) was gutted during the Congress-NCP rule but the aspirations of people had turned into ashes much before that.
"The new chief minister should ensure that his work is like the proverbial Phoenix which rose from the ashes," the Sena organ maintained.
Describing Friday's swearing-in ceremony of the Fadnavis-led ministry as grand (it was also attended by corporate bigwigs), the Sena said the poor, and not the rich or money bags, should get the attention of the administration as was the case during Shivaji's era. "Fadnavis has said he will emulate Shivaji Maharaj's example while ruling the state. He should remember that the real strength of Shivaji's Hindavi swarajya was not the seth and sahukars but the common poor folk."
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attended the inauguration ceremony at Wankhede Stadium after a call from BJP president Amit Shah and other leaders. The party had earlier announced it would keep off the mega event, attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing "constant humiliation" by BJP ahead of government formation. Sena MP Vinayak Raut on Friday said Shah has assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the BJP Government.
Asked about reports that Sena had demanded deputy chief minister's post and threatened to sit in opposition if BJP didn't comply, State BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, "We don't comment on any unofficial report."
When contacted, a Sena leader expressed ignorance about any such "ultimatum" by the party, but added there was no harm if the regional outfit, which has 63 MLAs, got the key post. Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, who took charge on Friday, will seek a vote of confidence in his Government during a special session of the Assembly beginning on November 11, official sources had said on Friday.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Fadnavis 15 days from the day of his Government is sworn in to prove its majority in the 288-member House. Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray made a last-minute appearance at the swearing in ceremony of the first BJP government in Maharashtra yesterday, raising the possibility of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways just three weeks ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls.
Uddhav held talks with BJP President Amit Shah after the mega event. It was not known what transpired at the brief meeting that took place in the Wankhede Stadium premises.
However, Sena MP Vinayak Raut later said Shah has assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the new government. But it was not yet clear when talks between the two parties will resume to arrive at a mutually acceptable power- sharing arrangement.

ONGC joins  Swachh Bharat   adopts Jantar Ma...You are here: Home > Collections > Ongc
ONGC joins 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', adopts Jantar Mantar
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 07.01PM IST
Tags:
D K Sarraf
(ONGC had recently signed…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has adopted the historic monument 'Jantar Mantar' as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
With this initiative, ONGC and its employees will maintain cleanliness in and around the heritage monument, the company said in a press statement here.
ONGC Chairman and Managing Director D K Sarraf kicked off the programme today from the historic moon dial of Jantar Mantar . Director (Technical) Shashi Shanker , Director (Offshore) T K Sengupta and Director (HR) Desh Deepak Misra along with senior executives were also present on this occasion.
Archana Mathur, Economic Advisor to the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, also joined the cleanliness drive.
With Sarraf himself picking up a broom, the ONGC team cleaned the total periphery of the monument as well as the molasses that had accumulated in the moon dial structure.
"More than 100 ONGCians took part in the cleanliness drive," it said.
Taking forward Modi's cleanliness drive, Sarraf had on October 2 exhorted the employees to participate in the mission wholeheartedly and said: "External cleanliness is not sufficient. One should be clean from within."
ONGC had recently signed a tripartite MoU with Archaeological Survey of India and the Ministry of Tourism for cleanliness and conservation of the various iconic historical monument of India.
It has already committed to provide Rs 20.75 crore for conservation and cleanliness of Taj Mahal , one of he seven wonders of the world.
Under the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan , ONGC will build toilet blocks in more than 2,500 government schools in 26 districts spread over 13 states during the current financial year at a cost of Rs 100 crore, the statement added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The 7 Toughest Startup Lessons You Don t Want to Learn the Hard Wayreddit
I started my first business at 19 years old and thought I knew it all. The business quickly grew to $500,000 in gross revenue with five employees in three states. Business was good, but because I didn't learn how to manage my business, things quickly got out of control.
Six years into the business, because of mismanaging the finances, I was $100,000 in debt. My dream of entrepreneurship had turned into a nightmare. This experience taught me some lessons that young entrepreneurs need to know.
According to the Ecoprenuerist , 54 percent of young Americans (ages 18-34) want to become an entrepreneur. Entrepreneurship can be wonderful if you build your business the right way.
1. Be clear about who your customer is
If you're a "jack of all trades," you will have a tough time growing your business. Your efforts to grow, such as marketing, will be scattered. Seth Godin said, "If you try to reach the whole world you'll end up reaching no one."
The more specific you can get as to who your ideal customer is the better. It will help you figure out the best way to find and reach new customers. Your efforts to find new business will be focused.
2. Don't over promise and under deliver
Brent Beshore at the Huffington Post says that if you promise your customers a miracle, you should deliver one. To grow your business, you have to be the kind of business that stands behinds it's promise. When you start out in business there are going to be limits on what you can do, that's ok. Focus on your strengths.
3. Stay organized
When you're not organized, it's frustrating for everyone: your employees, your customers and your sanity! Organization is important to keep your business running smoothly. A lack of organization will repel new customers from doing business with you. Simplify things to keep your businesses organized. The Lean Start Up model is successful because of its simplicity.
4. Stay on top of your taxes
There are entire libraries with books written specifically about taxes. It's important to hire a professional! Mishandling taxes has destroyed many businesses. Don't let history repeat itself with your business.
5. Focus on what's important to growing your business
One of the important lessons you can learn as an entrepreneur is where to focus your time. Spend time growing your business, not just in it.
If you own a smart phone, you have the world's knowledge in your pocket. That can be a blessing or a curse. As you research ways to grow your business, you can quickly become the victim of information overload. Don't get distracted by all the bright, shiny things that you read are the latest "must do" things for entrepreneurs.
6. Speed of implementation is crucial
Entrepreneurs have many good ideas, but the most successful entrepreneurs know how turn a good idea into a viable product or service for their business.
You always want to put your best product out to your market, but realize that it takes time and feedback from your customers to get your best. Once you have an idea, get that idea out to your market as a beta version.
Let your customers know this is a beta version that you're building upon. Don't worry about making it perfect at first. That feedback you get from your customers using the beta version will be invaluable in creating the final version.
7. Quickly get over failure and set-backs
Fear of failure is one of the biggest things that holds entrepreneurs back. Whether it's Thomas Edison , Steve Jobs or any other successful entrepreneur, a common theme you'll find is failure.
Successful entrepreneurs view failure as a momentary set back, not a business-ending event. When you experience failure, realize it's not the end of the world and determine to come back even stronger because of it.
After I learned these lessons, I was able to pivot and get my business back on track. My business grew as a result, and I was able to pay off all the debt. Today I operate a successful business from Maui, Hawaii.
Don't be that "know it all" entrepreneur. Learn these lessons now and your business will thrive.
What are some lessons you learned the hard way?
This apost originally appeared on Entrepreneur Magazine .
Follow Kimanzi Constable on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KimanziC
More:

Liquor costlier in Tamil Nadu from todayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Five killed in Baghdad suicide attackFive killed in Baghdad suicide attack
Fadnavis holds his first cabinet meeting  pledges to develop state in five yearsFadnavis holds his first cabinet meeting  pledges to develop state in five years
BJP s membership drive: PM Modi and Shah open doors for new members  seek diversityPM Modi, Shah open doors for new BJP members
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 17:58 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) nationwide membership campaign at the party headquarters in Delhi on Saturday, stressing an inclusive agenda and asking the cadre to reach out to every section of the society.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first online member of the BJP followed by party president Amit Shah. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
The drive aims to triple the BJP's numbers from the current 35 million — which would make it the world’s largest political organisation — at a time when the party is riding high on its successes in the April-May Lok Sabha elections and the recently held assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This is the first time the BJP has set such an ambitious membership target, far beyond the 20% benchmark of previous years, and the drive will go on till March 31. If it manages to meet its target, it would have overtaken the Communist Party of China, the world’s largest with nearly 87 million workers.
Addressing a gathering of party leaders and workers on the occasion, Modi said, "BJP should also come across as a diverse party. People from all strata of society should feel that we have a representative in this vase of flowers."
"The poor and illiterate should also feel that we are a part of this party. The organisation should be expanded in such a manner that it is representative of all and can fulfil the dreams of all," said the Prime Minister, who had harped on inclusive development and wellbeing of all during Lok Sabha election campaigns.
Modi also put emphasis on 'horizontal development' - which he described as reaching out to remote villages and ensuring at least one party member in every village - and 'vertical development' - which he described as strengthening of the organisation.
Earlier, delivering the introductory speech on the occasion, BJP national president Amit Shah Shah said, "It's an important and fortunate day for us because our membership drive will be launched by PM Modiji.
Delhi : PM Narendra Modi & BJP President Amit Shah at the launch of BJP membership drive at party headquarter pic.twitter.com/zpPuk8MNqF
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 1, 2014
A smartphone in his hand, Modi became the first online member of the party. He was followed by Shah.
"To become the member of such a party is a matter of pride," Modi said, "Every member of the party is a representative of the people."
The Prime Minister added the BJP was one of the world's most important organisations and could even be a subject of study.
"The BJP is one of the most important organisations in the world. Yet we have never positioned it like that. To be a member of BJP is to live the disciplined life it demands... every member of BJP is a representative of the people."
Asking BJP workers to toil hard, he said, "Put your everything into it... Like you do during an election campaign... It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world."
Reaching out to the young and educated India, a considerable section of which is believed to be averse to politics, Modi asserted, "Politics is not dirty. If it were, Mahatma Gandhi would not have ventured into it."
Modi said that getting membership of the BJP earlier was difficult but it had become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
The BJP has launched a toll-free number — 18002662020 — to facilitate the drive, laying stress on new-age technology that reaped it rich dividends in the Lok Sabha election campaign. Renewal of membership through SMS is also possible.
The BJP's dependence on technology in the drive prompted Modi to describe his party as 'Digital BJP'.
The saffron party expects three to four times increase in the number of its members in every state. The drive that started Saturday will continue till March 31, 2015.
The BJP, which was able to take the 'achche din (good days)' slogan to every nook and corner of the nation in the run-up to the general elections, coined a new catchphrase for its membership drive: 'Saath aaye, desh banaye (Come together, build the country)'.
Modi said the politics of mass agitation was over as people today wanted political workers to play a vital role in solving their daily problems. Incidentally, the last few years of UPA rule had witnessed a series of mass agitations, reflecting people’s anger on various issues.
BJP workers are required to renew their membership every six years and the new membership would be valid for 2015-21.
The party plans to prepare a database of members, link them to BJP booths in their localities and hold regular meetings.
“Review meetings have taken place. Party workers are excited about the programme. They have set a target to increase membership by at least three-fold,” BJP president Shah said. 
(with agency inputs)

Coromandel International Q2 Net up 12.4% at Rs 179.89 crCoromandel International Q2 Net up 12.4% at Rs 179.89 cr
Next Budget should be  output to outcome-oriented : PM Modi to Secretaries of ministries  ...Next Budget should be  output to outcome-oriented : PM Modi to Secretaries of ministries  ...
PM greets Kerala  MP  Chhattisgarh  Karnataka  HaryanaPM greets Kerala  MP  Chhattisgarh  Karnataka  Haryana
