Go into a condo purchase with eyes wide open0
A: Well, it started off as a cute little fun book on condos — "Let me tell you a story about the closing I went to today," that kind of thing — but then I started interviewing brokers, owners, attorneys, associations all over the country. The refrain, time and again, was the same: that every state has condo legislation, but there's little enforcement, no real penalties. Often the only solution (to association conflicts) is to sue, and that's the equivalent of suing yourself. I wrote the book to educate consumers and real estate agents, as well.
Q: What, in your opinion, are the critical questions for buyers to ask before they buy a residence that's under the jurisdiction of an owners' association?
A: In the book, there's a 10-point buyer checklist that knowledgeable buyers should follow. They concern such things as attorney review of a sales contract, finding out the special and regular assessments, association reserves and financial stability, owner-occupancy ratios, and other considerations. Probably the most important, though, is getting and reading a long list of documents that buyers are entitled to — they include covenants, bylaws, board-meeting minutes, annual budgets, insurance certificates, fiscal reserves studies, and numerous other disclosures.
Q: I've heard that some associations make it hard for would-be buyers to get all of that paperwork.
A: It does vary, depending on the association. Some are more transparent than others. The more transparent ones tend to be the better-governed ones. I always try to get those documents upfront (before a client makes a purchase offer), and if I can't, I make the offer subject to a review of the documents, including the board minutes, which may be the only place you'll discover an upcoming special assessment that hasn't been levied. They may be discussing soliciting bids on expensive window replacement or roof replacement, etc. That way, you don't close and then three months later somebody knocks on your door and asks you for $50,000.
Q: Do buyers do that, get those documents?
A: They're entitled to them, but very few actually read them. That's because they don't understand what they're looking at. And many brokers don't understand what they're looking at either. In my experience, if a buyer is working with an attorney that's charging them a flat rate for the closing, the attorney doesn't read them either. I never once have seen a client take an association's budget to an accountant to see if it makes sense.
Getting documents and finding out the financial health of the association, pending lawsuit disclosure, the owner-occupancy ratio — those things are all very important.
Q: Why aren't agents more proactive in helping clients sidestep problematic associations? One might argue that, as an industry, they're more interested in just seeing a deal go through.
A: Well, I think many of them just aren't educated. I've been in real estate for a long time — before there was (routine) attorney's review of a sales contract, before there were home inspections, before there were federal disclosures about lead-based paint and before seller disclosure statements. Real estate is all about disclosure and consumer protection now, and (getting the facts on) associations is one piece of the puzzle that's missing.
I'd like to see the National Association of Realtors create a special (training) designation for agents who have been trained in this.

10 Amazing Wellness RetreatsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

The Feds plan to normalise interest ratesAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Expect Global Oil Prices to Fall Further: Jim RogersTrends
News Flash
Six foreign airlines refuse to fly to Peshawar after Tuesday's school terror attack that left 145 dead: sources
Share on:
You are here: Home » Video »
Video
Expect Global Oil Prices to Fall Further: Jim Rogers
Published On:                  December  8, 2014                 | Duration: 17 min, 36 sec

See a 5% Correction in Markets: C JayaramTrends
News Flash
Six foreign airlines refuse to fly to Peshawar after Tuesday's school terror attack that left 145 dead: sources
Share on:
You are here: Home » Video »
Video
See a 5% Correction in Markets: C Jayaram
Published On:                  December  8, 2014                 | Duration: 14 min, 20 sec
Tweet
C Jayaram, joint managing director at Kotak Mahindra Bank says markets have had a pretty good run up in the last month and are looking a little tired now. He adds that markets will either consolidate at these levels or come off a little bit.

Greenply To Demerge Laminates BusinessTrends
News Flash
Six foreign airlines refuse to fly to Peshawar after Tuesday's school terror attack that left 145 dead: sources
Share on:
You are here: Home » Video »
Video
Greenply To Demerge Laminates Business
Published On:                  December  8, 2014                 | Duration: 16 min, 38 sec
Tweet
V Venkatramani, CFO, Greenply Industries said the company plans to demerge its laminates business from the wood-based segment, as they are of different nature and have different sets of dealers, distributors and intermediaries. The wood segment comprises of plywood and MDF (medium density fibreboard).

Buy Karur Vysya Bank  Target Price Rs 650: G ChokkalingamTrends
News Flash
Six foreign airlines refuse to fly to Peshawar after Tuesday's school terror attack that left 145 dead: sources
Share on:
You are here: Home » Video »
Video
Buy Karur Vysya Bank, Target Price Rs 650: G Chokkalingam
Published On:                  December  8, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 11 sec

Has structural reform in European banking stalledHas structural reform in European banking stalled? Dec 08, 2014 - 5:09 pm
Patrick Jenkins is joined by Martin Arnold, Emma Dunkley and Marco Mazzucchelli, a former member of the Liikanen commission on European structural change in banking, to discuss the European Commission's apparent move to row back on its recommendations, plus the latest developments in UK banking and the Bank of International Settlements report highlighting the dangers of the ever strengthening dollar for emerging market corporate debt.

India sees clear pick-up in growth momentum: OECDmacro economics
Country’s CLI rose to 99.6 in October from 99.4 in the previous month
Reflecting improved prospects, India is the only major economy seeing a ‘clear pick up in growth momentum’ while mixed trends are predicted for developed countries, according to Paris-based think tank Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The OECD said growth would continue to lose momentum in Europe.
For other major economies, the outlook is for stable growth momentum.
The readings, for the month of October, are based on composite leading indicator (CLI), which is designed to anticipate turning points in economic activity relative to trend.
“India is the only major economy where the CLI points to a clear pick-up in growth momentum,” OECD said in a statement on Monday.
The country’s CLI rose to 99.6 in October from 99.4 in the previous month.
Last month, the OECD said the Indian economy was expected to see an average growth of 6.7 per cent over the 2015-19 period, while a further boost would depend on reform plans of the government.
In October, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank projected 5.6 per cent growth rate for India this year, citing renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms pursued by the new government. India’s economic growth was below 5 per cent in the last two financial years. Recently, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) forecast the economy to grow at 5.5 per cent in 2014-15 and at 6.3 per cent in next financial year.

It s not too late to find holiday travel deals. Kurt Gregory reports.it s not too late to find holiday travel deals. kurt gregory reports.
China shares driven by falling property and ratesShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
China’s share swap
Dec 8, 2014 : Shares on the Shanghai stock exchange have climbed 22 per cent in the past month. FastFT’s Naomi Rovnick explains to Jonathan Wheatley, deputy emerging markets editor, how this is being driven by falling property prices and lower interest rates.

Super Typhoon Hagupit Continues to Devastate the Philippinessuper typhoon hagupit continues to devastate the philippines
Benefits of Obamacare: More People Are Able to Work Lessreddit
There continues to be enormous confusion over Obamacare. Contrary to claims about the American people being stupid, the confusion is starting at the top. Last week U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer (D-New York), the third-ranking Democrat in the U.S. Senate, complained that the Affordable Care Act (ACA) would only help a relatively small number of people, most of whom don't even vote. For this reason he argued that the Democrats made a mistake in pushing through the ACA and should have instead focused on the economy.
This argument is silly for two reasons. First, while the Democrats certainly should have done more on the economy, Schumer doesn't indicate what he thinks they could have accomplished had they not pushed the ACA. Would Congress have approved a larger and longer stimulus (i.e., had much bigger budget deficits) if the Democrats hadn't passed the ACA? That's hard to believe.
Certainly many of us back in 2009 pushed for more stimulus and have continued to do so in the years since. We have been frustrated by President Obama's failure to clearly argue the case that more spending and larger deficits will be needed to get the economy back to full employment. However, none of his defenders has ever tried to say that the ACA somehow prevented him from going the route of more stimulus.
The second, and more important, reason that Schumer's argument is silly is that the number of people benefited by the ACA is not small. The number of people who benefit directly at a point in time from getting insurance on the exchanges will not be very large. But what Schumer missed is that tens of millions of people who have employer-provided insurance are always at risk of losing their insurance if they lose their job. The ACA means that even if these workers lose their jobs, they and their families will be able to stay insured through the exchanges.
This is hardly a small group of people. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, more than 4.5 million workers lose or leave their jobs every month. A large percentage of these workers would be at risk of losing insurance for themselves and their families without the ACA.
Furthermore, because people know that they can get insurance outside their job, the ACA will give people the option to leave jobs they don't like, without the fear of losing insurance. The ability to tell an obnoxious boss to take their job and shove it is incredibly valuable.
Many people will use this freedom to take the opportunity to start a business. Others may decide that they would rather work part-time to spend more time with their children or pursue other activities.
The November jobs data released last week showed that voluntary part-time employment is up by more than 1 million (6.1 percent) from its level a year ago. These are people who say that they are working less than 35 hours a week by choice. (Involuntary part-time employment has fallen by more than 600,000 over the last year, although it is still well above pre-recession levels.)
Helene Jorgensen and I did an analysis of the growth in voluntary part-time employment in the first six months of this year. We found that the increase was overwhelmingly concentrated among young parents, with a rise of 11.3 percent compared with the same months of 2013. In this case also, the number of parents who are benefiting at a point in time from being able to spend more time with small children will be relatively limited; however, over a span of five or 10 years, the percentage of the population who benefit will be substantial.
The ACA is far from perfect. It would have been much better to have a universal Medicare system, or at least have a public option, but it was a huge step forward not only because it insured millions of previously uninsured people but, even more importantly, because it freed tens of millions of workers from dependence on their employers for insurance. This is especially important for workers who have serious health conditions or have family members with serious health conditions.
It is striking that Sen. Schumer seems so ill-informed about the impact of the ACA. It is important that the rest of the public know more about the ACA than Schumer, both so that they can take advantage of its benefits and so that they can work to improve it.
Follow Dean Baker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DeanBaker13
More:

Protecting Marine Ecosystems for the FutureBy Rupert Howes, CEO of the Marine Stewardship Council
For centuries cod was so abundant off the coast of Newfoundland that a scoop through the waves with a basket would land a decent catch. Fishing was one of the last industries to modernize during the Industrial Revolution, but when it did, it soon caught up. As sail gave way to steam and then diesel, too many boats were soon chasing too few fish.
By 1992 Grand Banks cod was at 1 percent of its original biomass. The stock had collapsed, and the only sensible response was the introduction of a moratorium on cod fishing, which devastated eastern Canada's largest industry overnight, taking the region's major source of income with it.
In 1997, while this crisis unfolded, the Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) was founded through a partnership between the World Wildlife Fund and Unilever, at the time the world's largest purchaser of frozen white fish. For Unilever it was quite simple: If stocks were not fished sustainably, there would be no more Captain Birdseye, no business and no profits.
MSC was established to develop a market-based solution to an environmental problem at a time when the concept of social enterprise was still emerging. Supported by a broad coalition of stakeholders, MSC developed its standard for environmentally responsible and sustainable fishing, which is now the most recognized program for assessment of sustainable fisheries.
With leadership from our partners and supporters, MSC is driving real and lasting change in the way our oceans are fished as markets increasingly demand traceable and sustainable seafood choices. There are now 240 fisheries certified and a further 103 in assessment, landing over 10 percent of the annual wild harvest taken from our oceans each year.
For the MSC program to work, there has to be an economic case that rewards good practice and incentivizes improvement, and an ecological case demonstrated by changes on the water, when needed, which is ultimately what this is all about. The engine for this transformation is the market.
The evidence in support of this approach is increasing and is illustrated perfectly by the findings of a number of recent, independent evaluations of the South African hake fishery. These studies indicate that the fishery was able to use its certification to gain new export markets -- now worth in excess of $187 million -- and secure the livelihoods of some 12,000 people. At the same time, improved fishing practices have led to a 90-percent decline in seabird mortalities and the preservation of natural refuges for hake.
The market for certified and labeled seafood is now in excess of $4.8 billion, with over 25,000 individual labeled products available in over 100 countries. Major retail supporters around the world include Walmart, Whole Foods, Carrefour, Metro, ALDI, Lidl, Sainsbury's, Waitrose and Aeon. The use of MSC's consumer facing eco-label is also expanding rapidly in food services. McDonald's, for example, now uses MSC's eco-label on all fish sold in their 22,000 restaurants in the U.S.A., Canada and throughout Europe.
However, much remains to be done. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations estimates that over 80 percent of global fish stocks are fully exploited -- being fished as hard as they can be -- or overfished. The pressure on this valuable and renewable resource has never been greater. Seafood provides nearly a fifth of our animal protein needs, and for a billion people on this planet, it provides their only or main source of animal protein. While there is no silver bullet to the global challenge of overfishing, a market-based program like the MSC has an important part to play to ensure that future generations can continue to enjoy the bounty of our oceans.
All of us, individually as consumers, can also be part of the solution by demanding certified sustainable seafood choices. Our demand rewards those fisheries that have demonstrated their good stewardship of the oceans and other seafood businesses around the world that share our vision of healthy and productive marine ecosystems that will last long into the future. We can all contribute to this transformation.
Follow Skoll Foundation on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SkollFoundation
More:

Job tips: Dont say these things in a performance reviewWhat Not to Say in a Performance Review
By Laura McMullen | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Thu 16 Oct, 2014 10:24 PM IST
Print
>
Imagine you're a boxer walking into the ring. You pump your shoulders, practice a few menacing punches and listen to your walkout song. What do you hear? AC/DC? DMX?
Now imagine you're an office worker walking into your performance review. You slug your coffee, chase it with a mint (or antacid) and listen to your thoughts. What do you hear? Doubts about your performance so far? Last-minute prayers that the meeting won't cut into lunch? A rehearsed script in which you ask for a raise?
You may see your review as a boxing match: You expect blows, amp up for them and prepare to defend yourself. Or, you may just want to get out of there as quickly as possible. But here's the thing: Performance reviews should be painless and peaceful -- a chance to dig deep into your professional development. Hype yourself up too much, and you may say something that makes you look bad.
What, exactly, are those unspeakable sayings come review time? Let's get ready to rumble:
1. "That's not true." Or "You're wrong." Whoa, step back, champ. This instant rebuttal raises a red flag for most managers. "They see that individual as defensive, close-minded or unwilling to change or be open to perspective," says Courtney Templin, chief operating officer of JB Training Solutions, a Chicago-based workplace training and employee development company. Saying something like this "comes off as defensive and argumentative" -- not ideal traits in an employee.
Of course, you may very well have a different point of view than your manager, and "it's always difficult to take criticism," says Matt Straz, CEO and founder of Namely, a New York-based human resources and payroll platform. Take a deep breath, and calmly ask for a few examples of how you've demonstrated the behavior being critiqued. "This shows you're trying to learn and be curious instead of immediately acting defensive and not absorbing that constructive feedback," Templin says.
Buck up, listen to the feedback and reflect on it for a few days. If you still feel the critique was unfair or untrue after your soul-searching, bring it up with your manager in a "calm and measured" way, Templin says. Explain that you took time to think through the feedback and why you still take issue with it. Your manager will be more open to your rebuttal knowing you made an effort to listen and learn, Templin says, rather than fire off an "immediate knee-jerk reaction."
2. "That was Jim's fault." Or " Who told you that?" Blaming others or making a witch hunt of the office? Tack those under more ways that show you're defensive and not interested in learning. "That makes it seem like you're not taking ownership or seeing where you can really impact the success of projects or your work," Templin says. Plus, she adds, think of your manager's perspective. "They've probably owned some of the mistakes of their team and maybe some of the mistakes of the person sitting right across from them," she says.
Once again, the better route is to absorb the feedback and offer ways to improve the situation. Here's how managers would perceive that response, Templin says: "This is a mature professional who is going to grow and is going to take on responsibilities."
3. "That's not my responsibility." Templin says the not-my-job quip is "off-putting" to managers who, she points out, have probably done their fair shares of grunt work not listed in their job descriptions. Always ask what you can do and how you can help. "It's so amazing to have a person on your team who is willing to take the initiative, roll up their sleeves and work really hard," she says.
4. "Hi, give me a raise." Walking into the review and starting off with demands for more money, a promotion or anything else is a bad move, Straz says, because it sets a tone that's more hostile than collaborative. Remember, think meeting, not match. His advice? "Listen first, and then follow up with the things you're looking for."
5. Silence. "This evaluation is for the development of the individual," Templin says. "By not having any responses, it shows you're not interested in your professional development." Straz also urges "interacting and making it a conversation, rather than a one-way process," which he says may be particularly hard for introverted employees. He suggests all employees, especially the quiet types, prepare before the review and reference notes. Speaking of which ...
Slideshow: 17 reasons you hate your job
How to prepare so you're less likely to say one of these blunders or nothing at all:
Sometime before the meeting, note your accomplishments throughout the six or 12 months since your last review, Straz says. He points out that your manager may instinctively think back to only the recent weeks, and your deeper memory may help fill the gaps in the review. Besides accomplishments, Templin recommends thinking about areas where you could learn more and goals for the upcoming year.
As for critiques you may be vulnerable to receiving, try a little self-talk before the review. Doing so may help you feel more in control of your emotions and less likely to put your dukes up. "Tell yourself: This is for my personal growth," Templin says. "I'm going to listen and absorb and find some lessons in here that will really help me grow as a professional and as a person."
More From US News & World Report

Centre removes mandatory export registration of cotton and cotton yarn for exportsCentre removes mandatory export registration of cotton and cotton yarn for exports
T E Narasimhan | Coimbatore Dec 09, 2014 10:31 PM IST
The Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT), in two separate notifications on Monday, said mandatory registration of cotton and cotton yarn for exports are being done away with immediately. The textile industry welcomed the move.
T Rajkumar, chairman, Southern India Mills’ Association (Sima), said the government had brought in quantitative restrictions and made registration for exports mandatory, as there was shortage of cotton globally during the season 2010-11. “The removal of the mandatory registration will bring cotton and cotton yarn under the free list.”
Prem Malik, chairman, Confederation of Indian Textile Industry, said this would to ease  business. The domestic market is flooded with yarn with a quantity of about 160 million kg.
Cotton being a seasonal commodity and available only for four-five months, the industry earlier demanded minimum buffer stock on a par with the Chinese cotton policy.
“This is a proactive and progressive step which will reduce transaction costs for the exporters of cotton yarn,” said R K Dalmia, chairman, The Cotton Textiles Export Promotion Council.
Sima also said due to high volatility in cotton price (the price per candy of 355 kg of increased from Rs 38,000 to Rs 65,000 and again dropped below Rs 40,000), the yarn prices have increased abruptly and, therefore, the downstream textile value chain sectors put pressure on the government to bring quantitative restriction on cotton yarn export also.
“Neglecting that, cotton yarn being a manufactured good, the government suspended cotton yarn export registration during January to March 2011. This short-sighted policy made the cotton textile industry face the worst ever crisis in its history of 150 years, forcing the government to announce a debt restructuring package of Rs 35,000 crore and manage working capital erosion of over Rs 11,000 crore in a few months,” Rajkumar said.
Later, the government removed the quantitative restriction on both cotton and cotton yarn exports but continued with mandatory registration and other complicated export procedures, including time restriction, penalty clauses for defaulters, etc.

Q&A: What is behind the snap Greek poll© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/904105d4-7f94-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1D35UGsFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher.
Post to Facebook
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35UGs
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
Kim Hjelmgaard and John Waggoner , USA TODAY 4:12 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
On the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
100 CONNECT 161 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks cut earlier sharp losses and closed mixed Tuesday as global economic concerns weighed on the markets.
U.S. stocks initially followed global markets lower as Chinese markets plummeted and Greece saw one of its worst trading days in decades. European stocks? They got smacked, too.
But tech stocks rallied later in the day as the Nasdaq turned positive and the S&P 500 closed flat.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell for a second straight day, closing 51.28 points lower, or  0.3%, to 17,801.20. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.49 to 2059.82.The Nasdaq composite index gained 25.77 points, or 0.5%, to 4766.47.
Oil prices rebounded slightly after Monday's 4% drop. The January contract for crude oil rose 70 cents, or 0.7%, to $63.74 a barrel.
Overseas, Asian markets plunged as Hong Kong's Hang Seng index tumbled 2.3% to 23,485.83 and mainland China's Shanghai composite index plunged 5.4% to 2856.27.  Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index dropped 0.7% to 17,813.38.
The plunge in Chinese stocks comes as the Chinese government set new restrictions on collateral for short-term collateralized loans, called repurchase agreements. By limiting the types of bonds that can be used as collateral, the government made those loans more difficult to get, and more expensive.
The Chinese government also extolled the virtue of slower economic growth, a signal that it expects the economy to grow less quickly in the future.
"Debt to GDP in China has seen a massive increase as the Chinese central government has internalized on its books the problems that occurred in the private sector," Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments, said at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable on Friday.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in China tumbled in premarket trading.  For example, iShares FTSE China 25 Index Fund (ticker: FXI) fell 3.14%. Traditional open-ended funds won't price until the U.S. market closes at 4:00 p.m.
In Europe, Britain's FTSE  index fell 2.1% to 6529.47 and Germany's DAX dropped 2.2% to 9793.71. France's CAC 40 tumbled 2.6% to 4263.94.

RIL hits overseas debt market with $1 bn bond saleReliance Industries hits overseas debt market with $ 1 bn bond sale
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 08.17PM IST
Tags:
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
(While the company refused…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries today hit the international debt market to raise up to $ 1 billion (about Rs 6,150 crore) by selling 10-year dollar-denominated bonds.
While the company refused to confirm or deny the development citing market sensitivity of the issue, market sources said the dollar-bond sale programme is already in the market and the Mukesh Ambani-led company will close the issue tonight.
The largest private sector company has raised $ 3.3 billion in overseas debt this year so far and today's issue will take the overall debt raising to $ 4.3 billion by it.
In January 2013, Reliance became the first company from Asia to issue $ 800 million worth of perpetual debt to international investors at a coupon rate of 5.875 per cent.
A perpetual bond is one which has no fixed maturity date.
Ambani has unveiled an over Rs 1.8 trillion capex plan for the next three years with a good portion of that going into his soon to be launched telecom venture under the brand name Reliance Jio, into which the company has announced a whopping $ 12 billion investment.
It can be noted that in April this year the company had tied up for $ 550 million from Japanese investment agency JICA and $ 800 million in September this year from the Korean Exim Bank.
Traditionally, much of RIL's investments are being funded through overseas borrowings.
Despite sitting on a cash pile of close Rs 84,000 crore, the company is one of the most prolific borrowers with its total debt outstanding standing at over Rs 1.4 trillion as of the September quarter.
The company has hired as many as 11 i-bankers including HSBC , Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Standard Chartered .
Investors have lapped debt issuance by domestic corporates like hot cakes with international bond sale rising 52 per cent so far this year to sniff at $ 20 billion over the same period last year, according to industry estimates.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Developers face bigger fees if they don t meet...2
If a downtown condo developer chose not to create units to reach that 25 percent threshold, it would have to pay $225,000 per affordable unit required, instead of the current $100,000. In-lieu fees would be lower in high-income areas and in low- to moderate-income neighborhoods. Projects with the Chicago Housing Authority also would qualify for lower fees.
The proposal, which may still be tweaked before Wednesday, is certain to elicit howls from developers who worry that their projects no longer would be financially feasible.
"We decreased the fees in the low-income areas where we don't want to stunt development but we increased it in the higher income areas," said Ald. Walter Burnett, a member of the task force. "It's a good balance, this is a fair step. Hopefully we can get more affordable housing in the neighborhoods."
"(Developers) always cry wolf all the way to the bank." Burnett added. "They've been crying wolf for years. The city is too hot."
Discussions about potential changes to the ordinance have been going on for months, and late last month, some developers verbally were given a framework of the three-zone ordinance. At the same time, though, stakeholders were invited to meet individually with the mayor's office.
Alan Lev, president and CEO of Belgravia Group, has built several condominium developments on the city's Near West Side. Under the proposal, they would fall under the downtown requirements. The average selling price of the most recent project was $750,000,and selling those units for less than a third of that price would have killed the project, he said.
"What's being built today, at least on the for-sale side, has been expensive product, not entry-level product," Lev said. "The loss in value is enormous."
Likewise, apartment construction downtown is booming, but most of the units in the tony, amenity-filled buildings have rents that start at $2,000 a unit.
The city estimates that, barring a housing downturn, the proposal would create 1,200 affordable units, half of those within or near market-rate housing, and more than $95 million in in-lieu fees by 2020.
Once introduced into Chicago City Council, the ordinance would be referred to the city's Housing and Real Estate Committee.

Better times ahead for Indian job marketBetter times ahead for Indian job market
Uber operating without accountability to Indian laws  HC toldUber operating without accountability to Indian laws  HC told
61 per cent polling recorded in Jharkhand for 3rd phase61 per cent polling recorded in Jharkhand for 3rd phase
Tech giants join hands to fund Change.orgTech giants join hands to fund Change.org
David Gelles |  Dec 09, 2014 10:29 PM IST
In a twist on how Silicon Valley companies are financed, several technology luminaries have banded together to effectively do the work of a traditional venture capital firm.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang, Twitter co-founder Evan Williams and others have invested $25 million in Change.org, the petitions website, to help it expand.
Others in the group include prominent business leaders like the billionaire Richard Branson, eBay co-founder Pierre M Omidyar and LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman. In all, two dozen investors are contributing from $250,000 to a few million dollars each.
"It would have been a lot more straightforward to raise money from a single institution," said Ben Rattray, Change.org's chief executive. "But we had a group of people who are passionate about our mission and who had experience building global enterprises, who we can turn to for advice."
Change.org lets users create online petitions that call on governments and companies to act on specific issues. One recent campaign, begun after Michael Brown's death in the US, calls for police in St. Louis County, the city of St. Louis and Ferguson where Brown was killed, to wear body cameras. It quickly received more than 130,000 signatures.
Another campaign, started after Unilever sued a start-up food company that makes a mayonnaise alternative, called for big companies to "stop bullying sustainable food companies." It garnered more than 100,000 supporters in less than a month.
Change.org had already raised nearly $20 million, most of it in a $15 million fund-raising round last year. The new infusion of $25 million will be used to expand the company's engineering team, invest in mobile development and expand a tool that allows the businesses and politicians who are the targets of petitions to engage with users.
Among Silicon Valley start-ups, Change.org has a reputation for being a progressive, mission-driven company. Despite having a dot-org web suffix, it is a for-profit company.
Change.org did not say how much investors estimated the company was worth with this latest round of financing. Though many prominent start-ups have been pegged as being worth tens of billions of dollars.
Rattray played down the importance of Silicon Valley companies chasing higher valuations. "Some CEOs become overly focused on building the valuation, instead of building the company," he said. "We want the proxy for our success to be the victories of our campaigns."
More than 80 million people worldwide are using the site. A majority of new users are from abroad. This year, a petition to spare a Christian Sudanese woman from being executed attracted more than a million supporters. The woman, Meriam Yehya Ibrahim, was freed this summer with help from the Italian and American governments.
The pooling of so many investors in Change.org's latest round recalls the angel investing model, in which investors typically put in much smaller amounts to finance fledgling companies, at a much large scale.
But it is unusual for a group of investors to commit so much money that funds from a traditional venture capital firm are unnecessary.
Because the money comes from individuals, not a venture capital firm with a specific time frame for getting a return on its investment, Change.org will not be under pressure to go public or sell quickly, Rattray said.
Yang, the Yahoo co-founder, said he was not looking for a quick flip. "Investing as an individual allows for a different time frame for an investment to mature," he wrote by email. "For me, Change.org is a long-term investment that is aligned with the company's mission and its vision for continued growth as an independent business."
"We wanted to see the organisation broaden out its sponsorship and sources of capital" with "individuals who look like institutions and can write meaningful checks," said Chris Bishko, an investment partner at Omidyar Network.
But petitions are not all that Change.org aspires to organise. Rattray said he hoped it would also become a platform for organising voting, fund-raising and more.
@2014 The New York Times

Vishal Sikka sees huge opportunity for e-commerce in IndiaVishal Sikka sees huge opportunity for e-commerce in India
Burmese author and politician facing possible prison time for blasphemyThe Irrawaddy reports:
Columnist and National League for Democracy member Htin Lin Oo has been subjected to a lawsuit for contravening the Burmese Penal Code’s statutes on religious offence, after a speech last month provoked outrage from Buddhist groups.
An officer from the Department of Immigration in Sagaing Division’s Chaung-U Township has filed a lawsuit against Htin Lin Oo under Article 295a, which prohibits “deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings”, and Article 298, which proscribes “uttering words [...] with deliberate intent to wound religious feelings”. Both charges are punishable by fines or imprisonment of up to two years for the former and one year for the latter….
The prominent author gave a two-hour speech to over 500 people at a literary event in Sagaing Division’s Chaung-U Township on Oct. 23, during which he criticized the use of Buddhism as fig leaf for prejudice and discrimination.
“Buddha is not Burmese, not Shan and not Karen — so if you want to be an extreme nationalist and if you love to maintain your race that much, don’t believe in Buddhism,” he said at the time….
“If they accuse me of insulting the religion … I will also defend that,” Htin Lin Oo said. “I didn’t intend to target monks, I only intended to discuss those who don’t obey the Buddha’s words and do whatever they want. Everyone already knows that but they just ignore it.”
He added that the Buddha instructed his followers to have mercy on all beings, and those who argue that some should be shown kindness to the exclusion of others do not live up to Buddhism’s precepts.
“There are both good people and bad people in all religions,” he said. “We can’t insult other religions for having some bad people and also say that others can’t insult Buddhism for having some bad people. I believe I did my duty.”
Unsurprisingly, I’m not an expert on Burmese law, but from this story this sounds like what might have been called a “private prosecution” in America — a criminal claim but brought by a citizen (though here, a government employee) rather than by an official prosecutor. If anyone knows what the likelihood of a conviction here would be, please let me know.
Thanks to Prof. Howard Friedman (Religion Clause) for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

RIL to take Only Vimal overseas sells 49 in textile biz to Chinese coRIL to take Only Vimal overseas sells 49 in textile biz to Chinese co
Greek shares tumble 13% on snap electionLast updated: December 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Snap election in Greece reignites fears for eurozone
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth in London, Kerin Hope in Athens and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db45c9c-7f95-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Odisha factfile  2000-14Odisha factfile  2000-14
Trial run of bus between Guwahati  DhakatodayWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:10 am
The trial run of the much awaited Guwahati-Dhaka bus service will be flagged off from here Wednesday, with governments in both countries looking forward to make it a regular service in the days to come.
A 32-seater deluxe AC bus of the Assam State Transport Corporation will carry a 22-member joint delegation of both countries, with the bus covering about 500 km in its maiden run that will also touch Shillong. The bus will pass through Shillong and proceed to Dawki on the international border, where the delegation will be transhipped to another bus to proceed from Tamabil (Bangladesh) for a night halt at Sylhet. The bus will proceed to Dhaka on Thursday morning.
“Tomorrow’s will be a trial run as well as a joint survey during which officials from the Government of India as well as Bangladesh will travel together and identify hurdles if any to make the bus service a regular feature in the future,” Bipulananda Pathak, joint commission of transport, Government of Assam, told The Indian Express here Tuesday. W Blah, Superintending Engineer of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, will lead the Indian delegation.

View for the left: Sangh inparivarBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:05 am
Referring to MoS Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks, the CPM’s People’s Democracy alleges that “highly offensive statements aimed at sharpening communal polarisation have come with alarming rapidity from members of the Union council of ministers… The admission of guilt by the minister (having accepted and expressed regret for such comments) is tantamount to simultaneously having violated secularism, a fundamental feature of our Constitution. The minister holds this position under an oath… under this very Constitution. Thus, it is simply untenable for the concerned minister to continue holding office…”
The editorial also adds: “Both in Parliament and outside, the BJP, far from expressing any remorse or giving an assurance of reining in such members of its cabinet, continues to maintain an aggressive posture of defiance. Clearly, they are pursuing the real RSS agenda of sharpening communal polarisation…”
KATHMANDU COLD WAR
The CPI’s NewAge says yet another Saarc summit “failed to make any headway due to the strained Indo-Pak relations”. An editorial says, “It has been found that the two countries are still not serious enough to realise the importance of regional cooperation in the new international environment… …the SAARC leaders failed to sign number of agreements whose drafts were finalized at the bureaucratic level. The summit was dominated by the ‘cold’ that was visible in the relations between India and Pakistan… The problem with India and Pakistan is that both are yet to realise that the multilateral forums are not meant for raising the bilateral issues…”
The editorial goes on to advise that the “two countries should also follow the norm of the multilateral forums of not converting such forums to score points on bilateral disputes. Multilateral forums be used to promote the interests of all the countries involved. SAARC has to catch up with other regional forums, if we are really interested in joining the race for peaceful development…”
Hate speech
The CPI(ML)’s ML Update also comments on Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks. An editorial says the PM’s plea to “forgive and forget the minister’s lapse, since she was a novice, a first-time MP, and a village woman” is an “insult to the women of India’s villages”. It claims, “Niranjan Jyoti’s foul-mouthed hate-speech was not learnt by her in any village. It is systematically imparted by the RSS through its network of outfits. And this can easily be proved by looking at the track record of utterances of various BJP and Sangh leaders…” The editorial adds, “the divisive idea of a Hindu rashtra where religious minorities will be denied equal citizenship is a core principle and goal of the RSS and the BJP.”
Compiled by Ruhi Tewari

http://usat.ly/1yyUQcsFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
2 more ex-Madoff employees get prison sentences
Annette Bongiorno, 66, and Jerome O'Hara, 51, were sentenced to prison terms for their roles in Bernard Madoff's investment fraud.
Post to Facebook
2 more ex-Madoff employees get prison sentences Annette Bongiorno, 66, and Jerome O'Hara, 51, were sentenced to prison terms for their roles in Bernard Madoff's investment fraud. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AbtYBc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
23
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
2 more ex-Madoff employees get prison sentences
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 9:17 a.m. EST December 10, 2014
Bernard Madoff's former secretary Annette Bongiorno leaves Manhattan federal court in New York City after her conviction on conspiracy and fraud charges in March.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
193 CONNECT 96 TWEET 134 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Bernard Madoff's longtime assistant and one of his former computer programmers were sentenced to prison terms Tuesday for their roles in helping the Ponzi scheme mastermind steal as much as $20 billion from investors.
Annette Bongiorno, 66, who became a multimillionaire by obeying the boss she idolized, was sentenced to a six-year term for what U.S. District Court Judge Laura Taylor Swain called her decision to obey her boss's instructions rather than recognize the fraud that happened "right in front of her."
The sentence was lower than the more than 20-year term sought by prosecutors — and even fell below the eight-to-ten-years recommended by her defense lawyer. In part,Taylor Swain cited health factors and Bongiorno's sub-five-foot stature for the decision.
The judge held the Manhasset, N.Y., resident jointly liable with Madoff and other conspirators for nearly $155.2 billion in forfeitures, representing the cumulative amounts taken in one of history's largest financial frauds.
Jerome O'Hara, 51, who worked on computer programs for Madoff's bogus investment advisory business, was sentenced to 2½ years in prison. The judge said his actions "kept in place the essential backbone of the infrastructure" that perpetuated the fraud.
Taylor Swain held the Malverne, N.Y., father of three jointly liable with other conspirators for $19.7 billion in forfeitures.
Bongiorno and O'Hara were the second and third of five former Madoff staffers convicted in March on conspiracy and fraud charges to receive prison sentences.
A Manhattan federal jury convicted the five on charges they knowingly helped Madoff fabricate and backdate financial records and purported stock trades to fool investment clients, auditors, regulators and investigators. The scam proceeds bankrolled a life of luxury and riches for the co-workers, trial evidence showed.
The scam collapsed in December 2008, nearly six years to the day of this week's sentencings. Madoff pleaded guilty the following year without standing trial. He's serving a 150-year prison term.
Verdict on 5 ex-Madoff employees: Guilty of fraud
Along with imposing the penalties, Taylor Swain denied bail for Bongiorno, pending a potential appeal of the verdict. The judge ordered her to surrender Feb. 19 and agreed to recommend confinement in a low-security facility in Sumterville, Fla.
The judge postponed a decision on the similar bail issue for O'Hara until Wednesday, when George Perez, another former Madoff computer programmer convicted in the fraud, is scheduled to be sentenced.
Taylor Swain described Bongiorno as someone who was "not fundamentally corrupt" and was dazzled by Madoff because she had just "borderline competence" for the complex financial work she carried out. Ruling that Bongiorno should have realized Madoff was running a fraud as far back as 1992, the judge concluded she was "a knowing and willing participant who made a choice to participate."
Bongiorno choked back tears as she read a statement addressing the thousands of Madoff scam victims whose dreams and financial security were damaged or destroyed. She stressed "how very sorry I am by all the sorrow and loss caused by Madoff and by extension, by me."
"I did not know what was happening. I didn't mean to hurt you," Bongiorno said.
Jerome O'Hara, a former computer programmer for Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff, leaves Manhattan federal court in New York City after he was convicted of aiding the massive fraud.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
Taylor Swain said O'Hara's role was more limited than that of some other conspirators because he joined Madoff's firm later and inherited a computer system designed by others. "He is not a morally bankrupt conniver who set out to bankrupt anyone," the judge said.
Taylor Swain ruled that evidence showed O'Hara should have recognized the fraud by 2006, yet "spent the better part of three years" continuing to work on computer programs that harmed Madoff investors.
O'Hara referred to the scam victims while his relatives and friends sat silently behind him in support. "The deep pain and suffering they have endured I would wish on no man and no woman," he said.
Daniel Bonventre, Madoff's former operations manager, was sentenced to a 10-year prison term Monday and held jointly liable for more than $155 billion in forfeiture. JoAnn Crupi, who oversaw the Madoff business's main bank account is scheduled to be sentenced next Monday.
193 CONNECT 96 TWEET 134 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AbtYBc
Looking for a Job?

Global markets red  Greece drops 13%global markets red  greece drops 13%
US Senate report slams CIA for tortureUS Senate report slams CIA for torture
PM Modi has brought a ray of hope for entire nation: Maneka GandhiPM Modi has brought a ray of hope for entire nation: Maneka Gandhi
Takata investigated defective air bag inflator as early as 2003Takata investigated defective air bag inflator as early as 2003
A billboard of Takata Corp in Tokyo
Toru Hanai, REUTERS
File photo of a billboard advertisement of Takata Corp in Tokyo.
File photo of a billboard advertisement of Takata Corp in Tokyo. (Toru Hanai, REUTERS)
By Paul Lienert, Reuters
BMW
Air bag supplier faces criminal investigation that it knew of fatal problem as far back as 2003.
Takata, maker of faulty air bags that has led to 16 million recalled cars, is investigated on Capitol Hill.
Faulty Takata air bags, which can rupture and spray shrapnel, are at the center of criminal investigation.
As early as 2003, Takata Corp ran an investigation into an air bag inflator that ruptured in a BMW vehicle, but concluded the problem was an anomaly, the company said on Tuesday, ahead of a second U.S. congressional hearing on dangerous air bags it supplied.
In addition, technicians employed by the Japanese auto parts supplier in Michigan tested inflators for potential defects in 2004, over a year before Takata has said it first learned of defects that are now linked to five deaths, two people directly involved in Takata's investigation told Reuters.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration now says owners of 7.8 million vehicles fitted with airbags manufactured by Japan's Takata Corp. are in danger, and should have those vehicles seen by their dealers immediately. ( Charles Fleming )
The disclosure that Takata was looking into problems with its air bag inflators earlier than previously disclosed could open the company to more intense scrutiny from U.S. lawmakers, regulators and prosecutors in an ongoing criminal investigation into a series of recalls that now targets more than 16 million vehicles worldwide.
Hiroshi Shimizu, Takata's chief quality officer, told a Senate committee hearing last month that the company did not begin to look into inflator defects until May 2005 when it learned of a 2004 accident involving a Honda Accord. Shimizu is scheduled to testify later on Wednesday at the second hearing.
Two former Takata employees provided Reuters with details of internal investigations of ruptured inflators: one in January 2004 at a Takata laboratory in Armada, Michigan, and one in June 2004 at a test facility in Auburn Hills, Michigan. The second technical investigation was first reported by The New York Times.
8
The January 2004 investigation, into issues with driver-side air bag inflators made at a now-shuttered plant in LaGrange, Georgia, was prompted by a 2003 incident of a ruptured inflator in a BMW, one of the former employees said.
Responding to a query from Reuters, Takata confirmed the 2003 BMW incident, which it said took place in Switzerland and was "unrelated" to the 2004 Honda incident.
"Takata and BMW thoroughly investigated that event together in 2003 and concluded that the cause was an overloaded inflator," Takata said in an email to Reuters. "We believe that all testing concerning the 2003 event occurred in 2003 at Takata's LaGrange, Georgia, facility – not in Michigan."
0
Takata did not explain what it meant by an "overloaded inflator." The company has identified problems in handling the explosive propellant packed into inflators as the reason that some inflators exploded in accidents with dangerous force.
Takata provided air bags in at least 10.5 million cars that have been recalled in the United States because the inflators can rupture and spray metal fragments into vehicles. The defective inflators have been linked to at least five deaths, all in Honda cars, including one in Malaysia.
TECHNICAL JARGON
The internal investigations into ruptured inflators described by the two former Takata employees used technical language favored by Takata: an inflator that exploded with excessive force was said to have gone "high order," while an inflator that ruptured and sprayed metal shards was said to have "rapidly disassembled."
The January 2004 testing at the Armada lab was conducted at the request of a senior Takata executive, the former employee said, and involved a type of inflator known internally as PSDI-4. That type of inflator was supplied to Honda Motor and Toyota Motor as well as BMW, according to a Takata presentation reviewed by Reuters.
According to the former employee, the testing in Armada involved a sample batch of PSDI-4 inflators, some of which were heated to high temperatures, others cooled to extremely low temperatures and still others left at room temperature. The testing indicated some improper welding and chemical propellant wafers that were incorrectly installed, the former employee said.
Test data and photos were compiled in a report that was turned over in February 2004 to the senior official who ordered the testing. It's not clear what the report said. "I don't know what he did with that report," the former employee said. "I was told the test results were inconclusive."
A second former Takata employee provided details of testing that took place in June 2004 on a ruptured inflator that was delivered to the company's test facility in Auburn Hills. The inflator, the former employee said, was recovered from the Accord involved in the accident in Alabama in May 2004.
"We were told that Honda looked at the part first, then turned it over to Takata," the former employee said. "That inflator had ruptured. It had a chunk missing."
Asked about the outcome of the testing, which was finished in July 2004, the former employee said, "I don't know if Honda saw the results. Our job was to test parts and provide data to our engineers, who would provide that data to the customer."
Honda told NHTSA in a September 2009 letter that the Alabama accident "was reported to Honda in 2004, and the information was shared with TK Holdings Inc. at that time."
At the Nov. 21 Senate hearing, senior vice president Rick Schostek said Honda believed it provided information to Takata about the Alabama accident in 2005, but added, "we are still checking our records."
NHTSA, which has threatened to sanction Takata for its handling of the recalls , did not immediately comment.
Regulators in Tokyo were not aware of the earlier tests or whether the results had been shared with automakers. "We need to know why they were running these tests," a senior official told Reuters. Japanese regulators did not find out about Takata's exploding air bags until November, 2008.
(Additional reporting by Mari Saito in Tokyo; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)

Life of Pie: Ingrid Kosar s invention has been keeping delivery pizzas hot for three decades0
Some of Kosar’s most loyal customers are happy to pay the premium. Bob Beyer, the general manager of RiverView Restaurant & Tavern in Algonquin, Ill., discovered Thermal Bags by Ingrid at a pizza trade show and estimates that he’s used Kosar’s bags for all but two of his restaurant’s 25 years. In his experience, cheaper fabrics crack in cold weather and don’t retain heat.
“We run eight to 12 drivers on a Friday or Saturday night, and sometimes they leave them on top of the car and go around the block,” says Beyer, whose restaurant delivers 500 to 600 pizzas a week in addition to steak, ribs, chicken and other items. “They find them! You have to clean them off, but they’re still good.”
Bags to Boxes to Boxes and Bags
Growing up in the Chicago suburb of Des Plaines, Kosar looked up to her parents, who were both small business owners. Her father was a certified public accountant who ran his own firm before passing away when she was young; her mother kept the building and turned it into a beauty salon. Kosar’s own entrepreneurial journey started at a craft fair in the early 1980s, when she spotted a “little bag made out of cotton with some padding and stuff for a lunch bag.” At that time, she was a buyer for a company that madesteel equipment like shafts for oil rigs, and she had no experience with the pizza or restaurant industry, other than as a consumer.
“I just thought, well, I hate getting it cold,” Kosar recalls. “I don’t know, I was at that age when I ate a lot of pizza.”
At the time, pizzerias were relying on corrugated cardboard boxes to keep their delivery pies warm. Those boxes were already an improvement over the industry’s earliest mode of transport, which was a cardboard cake circle slid into a paper bag. Restaurants later adopted paperboard bakery boxes, but these containers were designed to hold room-temperature pastries rather than steaming hot pizzas, and they couldn’t be stacked without collapsing.
Domino’s Pizza, which was founded in Michigan in 1960 and last year commanded a 24 percent share of the U.S. pizza delivery market, is credited for standardizing the modern pizza box. The new cartons, while sturdier and stackable, still weren’t great at keeping pizzas hot and crispy during deliveries.
“Pizza is bread, but it’s also moist things like tomatoes and toppings and cheese,” says Scott Wiener, a pizza box collector who authored the book “Viva La Pizza! The Art of the Pizza Box” and leads pizza tours in New York City. “You have this issue of extra moisture falling onto crust, which is usually pretty crunchy, but it will soften the crust. And that’s the big issue that happens with boxes….Since it’s made of paper, there’s only so much heat you can trap.”
Pizzerias tried boosting heat retention in a variety of ways, including wrapping the boxes in blankets. Ostrander, who delivered pizzas as a high school student, remembers using a metal heater box the size of a mini refrigerator that was outfitted with shelves and a lit can of Sterno, and placed somewhat precariously in the back seat.
“You’ve got an open flame, yeah,” Ostrander says. “We were told, ‘If you hit the brakes real hard, it could get really ugly. If you hit a telephone pole, bail.’ That was about the extent of our training.”
Kosar, inspired by the padded cotton lunch bag, started experimenting with designs and industrial fabrics that could accommodate a pizza box. As her idea took shape, she realized she needed capital because she had just spent her savings on a car. She called Bill Seliskar, a friend she knew from her old job, when she used to buy boxes from his corrugated cardboard company. Seliskar also made cardboard circles and boxes for the pizza industry.
“He said, ‘I’ll be your partner when you meet the standards that Domino’s has for heat retention,” Kosar says. “And when I did, I was so excited, and we became partners and that’s how it started. We were partners for seven years.”
Pizzas typically come out of the oven at 180 to 200 degrees. The Domino’s benchmark was maintaining a temperature of at least 140 degrees for 45 minutes. Kosar visited restaurants with a small probe that was connected to a meter with a cord. When a pizza came out of the oven, she stuck the probe in the box and took temperature readings for the next hour. Kosar ate a lot of pizza (her favorite kind is mushroom and pepperoni), and when she got tired of it, she bought pies for her neighbors and continued the tests.
Kosar developed a bag that limited the heat loss to an average of five degrees an hour. The result is an insulated carrier that works in tandem with the cardboard carton. The box retains some heat but can have more holes for venting steam, while the bag’s breathable nylon keeps everything warm and allows steam to escape so the crust stays crispy.

SAIL share sale: Lukewarm response from private investorsComments
State-owned insurers and public sector banks subscribed to almost half of the public issue of government-owned Steel Authority of India’s share sale that opened on Friday, as large private institutional investors showed lukewarm response to the government’s first disinvestment programme.
Advertisement
LIC, India’s largest insurer, and General Insurance Corp joined hands with public sector banks led by the State Bank of India, the country’s largest commercial bank, to put in bids that were almost two times the segment allotted to them, said people familiar with the subscription issue.
The subscription from these state-owned institutions came in as most private institutional investors were unclear about the potential of the Indian steel industry which has been grappling with issues related to dumping of cheaper steel from China and with unavailability of iron ore, the main raw material for steel.
“Although SAIL has captive mines, there are limited growth opportunities in the steel sector and the market is not very optimistic about the industry,” said Mahesh Singhi of Singhi Advisors, a global investment banking firm that deals in M&A, divestiture.
On Friday, the finance ministry said the disinvestment of 5% government stake in SAIL had raised approximately Rs. 1,715 crore. While the exact quantum of subscription by the state-owned insurers and public sector banks will be known on Dec 8, it has been learnt that LIC and GIC have invested about Rs. 700 crore, while the banks led by SBI pumped in about Rs. 400 crore.
Global brokerage Macquarie which had put an underperform rating on SAIL said in a report that it sees a 30% downside to its target price of Rs. 63. Macquarie said that SAIL’s competitive advantage has been reduced due to a sharp fall in global iron ore prices.
Shares of SAIL ended on Friday down 2.9% at Rs. 82.80 on the BSE.
“There was very little buzz around the SAIL public issue,” said Dipan Mehta, member, BSE. “The stock market response will be stronger if the government comes in with a larger disinvestment chunk instead of small portions. If the scope for more sale of shares in government companies is reduced then the market adds premium to such issues. But if such offers for sale come in small doses, there will be limited response,” he added.
According to BSE data institutional investors and banks bid for almost two times the 18.65 crore shares reserved for them, while retail investors put in bids for 2.7 times the 2.06 crore shares in the category. In all the offering from SAIL got bids for more than double the size of the issue.
 

Exodus stalks SpiceJet  pilots leave to join Jet Air  IndiGoExodus stalks SpiceJet, pilots leave to join Jet Air, IndiGo
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 23:07 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:42 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Amid a funds crunch, flight cancellations and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, budget carrier SpiceJet is seeing an exodus of pilots, mainly in favour of Jet Airways and IndiGo.
At present, around 125 pilots have quit the airline and are serving the six-month notice period, sources said, adding of them 54 have already applied for a job with Jet and IndiGo.
Of those who have quit, 98 are captains while the rest are first-officers. “These pilots will start leaving the airline from December as and when their notice period gets over,” source said.
The airline currently has around 525 pilots.
While the airline did not reply to an email from HT, it said in a media statement that “even after the pilots on notice part ways with SpiceJet in the coming months, we will have more than enough pilots to fly our fleet”.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and flight cancellations, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation on Friday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of employees by December 15. The regulator would also carry out “heightened” surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles.
The number of daily flights is down to 240 from 332 in September while the airline’s Boeing 737 fleet is down to 22 operational aircraft. The airline is operating only 13 of its 15 Q400 aircraft.
“Such high-levels of attrition are unusual,” said Subhash Goyal, Chairman, STIC Travel Group. “SpiceJet’s survival is important for the Indian aviation sector,” Goyal said.
The airline reported a R310-crore loss during July-September quarter. Aviation consultancy Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation has said that Spicejet has a funding requirement of $250 million to stabilise operations.
The airline’s promoter and media baron Kalanithi Maran is said to be in talks with investors.

$400-billion investments likely for 24x7 power supplyComments
The Narendra Modi-led government’s ambitious plan to provide 24x7 power to all in the country by 2019 would involve investments of around $400 billion (about Rs. 24 lakh crore) in India’s energy sector.
“I am looking at 1 billion tonne coal production, 100 giga watt (GW), or 100,000 mega watt  (MW) of solar power capacity and investments of about $50 billion in the transmission and distribution segment in the next five years,” power and coal minister Piyush Goyal said at an event organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Saturday.
Around $100-billion investments in renewables alone is expected over the next 4-5 years. This part, thermal power generation, nuclear and hydel power addition will also attract sizeable investments.
“A $400-billion plan with fair returns for investments would ensure 24X7 power and make India the capital of clean energy,” a CII statement said citing Goyal.
The minister also highlighted the need to revive stranded power projects, especially gas-based power ones to create a balance of base and peak power. At present, it is estimated that 1.32 lakh MW of coal and gas-based power projects, involving investments of Rs. 6.2 lakh crore, are stranded for various reasons including fuel shortages and financial constraints.
The power ministry is working with the finance ministry to kickstart stressed power projects.
Steps to ease movement of coal from mines to power stations have been initiated, Goyal said. These include increasing the number of rakes (carrying coal) involving an investment of $ 1billion and rationalising coal linkages to optimise costs and save almost Rs. 6,000 crore.
Reforms are also being planned for ailing distribution companies. The government is providing provisions whereby the entire discom set up will be unbundled. While there will be a government distributor to ensure that power is provided to the weaker section of society, competition will be introduced and the private sector role in the sector will be expanded.
“The government is hoping to come forward with a clear cut roadmap on how to achieve the 100-GW solar target at a global conference on renewable energy (RE-INVEST), which is scheduled in February 2015,” the minister said.
Discussing the innovative financing models and the new framework that the government is now evaluating, he said: “Innovative financing models have helped make solar energy a viable business proposition. We are looking at graded tariffs to achieve grid parity; provide investors a fair return on investment over the lifecycle of the project and bring in an entity to provide power purchase assurance to investors.”
Emphasising on the business case for investments in renewable energy, particularly for large investors, Goyal said: “Factoring in accelerated depreciation gains and leveraging the strong balance sheets to avail the benefits of lower interest rates will help reduce the cost of solar power downwards of `5, on a par with conventional power. This can change the whole economics of the business.”

I wanted to be independent of Manu  Mallya: Liquor baron KR ChhabriaComments
Feisty is an adjective that is often used to describe Kishore Rajaram Chhabria (better know in industry circles as KRC), the man who fought running battles with his elder brother, the late Manu Chhabria and UB Group chairman Vijay Mallya over the last two decades — and won. He is also the man behind the success of the Indian whisky brand, Officer’s Choice, the world’s largest selling whisky (it sells 24 million cases per year to Diageo’s Johnnie Walker, which sells 20 million cases).
Now India’s numero uno homegrown liquor baron, after Mallya’s sellout to Diageo, he reveals for the first time, in an exclusive interview to HT, why he fell out with his brother and Mallya and also shares his plans for the future. Excerpts:
You are synonymous with corporate battles in India. How and why did you fall out with your brother Manu Chhabria?
We were very close as brothers. Manu (that’s how I used to address him, not bhaiya) was very affectionate and caring. Though he was a very sharp businessman, a great risk taker, a brilliant strategist and an extremely successful corporate raider, he could also be very gullible at times and never trusted people.
People began filling his ears against me, spreading all kinds of poison. After a while, he began believing these people. Then, his wife and I didn’t get along. That didn’t help matters. Things got worse when my company, BDA, and its whisky brand Officer’s Choice, began to do better than Director’s Special, the competing brand from his company (Shaw Wallace & Co or SWC).
Since I was running both companies, people told him I was expanding my brand at the expense of his. This made him insecure and he wanted to take control of BDA too.
You finally walked out on him with BDA. Why?
I didn’t own a single share in Manu’s business empire and was working as a salaried employee, earning only Rs. 7,500 per month (there was a salary cap of `10,000 per month in the pre-liberalisation days). This, naturally, made me insecure about my future and that of my family. I would often ask Manu to do something to secure my family’s future.
But my brother had this streak in him that made him want to control everyone around him. After much persuasion and effort, he gave me BDA, which was a small, semi-defunct company in the early 1990s. It was a dot in front of SWC and initially I was reluctant. I told him that giving me BDA was like giving a child a lollipop to stop him from crying but finally gave in.
But it was destiny that Officer’s Choice began to do well. People around him fed him with stories about how I was allegedly neglecting SWC to expand BDA and this increased his insecurity. He wanted to take control of BDA. He offered to give me Gordon Woodroffe (a leather company that Manu had taken over in the 1980s) but I refused as I knew nothing of the leather trade.
You then joined hands with Vijay Mallya, against whom you had fought a running battle on behalf of your brother. Why?
An enemy’s enemy is my friend… That’s why I joined hands with Vijay (Mallya) – for protection. I had a written agreement with Manu giving me ownership and control of BDA. So, I took BDA into the Mallya group in return for a 26% stake in Herbertsons (a Mallya company).
The deal was that we would each hold 26% in the company and jointly run Herbertsons. Mallya gave me a very handsome salary package, a Mercedes and the title of vice-chairman, but he had no intentions of sharing control and gave me no responsibilities.
Soon, we had disagreements over how to run the company. Around this time, I received information that Mallya had started buying Herbertsons shares from the open market. I, too, started increasing my stake. I finally ended up with 51% in the company and was in a position to take control.
What happened then?
While all this was going on, I had opened conciliation talks with Manu. We managed to settle all our disputes and legal cases except the one over BDA.
Manu badly wanted to be India’s No. 1 liquor baron. He now saw an opportunity. He already controlled SWC. If he could convince me to part with BDA and my 51% in Herbertsons he could dethrone Mallya and occupy the top spot. He offered me a 60:40 partnership but I refused as I wanted to be independent of both Manu and Mallya. Manu died shortly after that. I soon settled with Mallya, sold him my stake in Herbertsons but retained control of BDA.
What lessons did you learn from these corporate wars?
Manu was a fearless corporate raider but didn’t trust people. That’s why he couldn’t build institutions. That was a lesson for me. I try to put my faith in people. As a result, my people stay with me. I’m not the best paymaster in the industry but my secretary has been with me for 44 years, and more than 15% of employees at Allied Blenders & Distillers (ABD,the new name for BDA) have been with me for 15 years or more.
Mallya’s empire is also in trouble (he has sold USL to Diageo), leaving you as the biggest Indian liquor baron. Do you feel vindicated?
(Smiles) It is destiny.
Where does ABD go from here?
I don’t interfere with the day to day affairs of the company. That’s handled by professionals. My son-in-law is part of the business. My family will succeed me to the ownership of this company (KRC owns 95% of the shares; the balance 5% is with CEO Deepak Roy), but my feeling is that the management should be left to professionals. But that’s a call I’ll take in future. We’re expanding our operations at a cost of about Rs. 1,200 crore. We don’t own a single distillery, so that’s an obvious area of expansion. Then, we will launch a couple of new whisky brands, including one in the premium segment, soon. I also hope to complete the takeover of Mansion House (India’s largest selling brandy brand that is currently caught in a legal dispute between its European brand owner and its Indian licensee). We may also go in for an IPO when the time is right. My dream is to leave behind an institution.

ONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity oncardsONGC
Rating: Buy
Govt reportedly reworking the subsidy sharing formula: Press reports indicate that the government is considering reworking the subsidy sharing formula and that a proposal on a new formula will soon be circulated to the Cabinet. If true, this could be a material positive for the upstream SOEs (state-owned enterprises), especially for ONGC, which has underperformed both the broader market (by 22%) and its smaller peer OIL (by 10%) in the last three months on the back of the overhang of the upcoming share sale and amidst the backdrop of the recent steep fall in global crude prices which could hurt upstream SOEs unless their subsidy burden falls commensurately.
Timing uncertain, but most likely in the next two months: While it is difficult to assess the timing of any such announcement and whether it would precede the 5% stake sale by the government (which, as per press reports, is slated for completion this month), we believe some clarity is almost certain to be available by the time the company announces its Q3FY15 results around mid-Feb, as the extant $56/bbl (barrel) subsidy discount formula which has been applied to arrive at H1 subsidies is unlikely to be sustained in Q3 given crude prices are trending >$20/bbl lower. In a recent analyst meet, the OIL management too expressed confidence that the government will ease the  subsidy burden on upstream SOEs from Q3 as the current formula is unsustainable.
What could the formula be? The press reports indicate that the formula being considered could be a variant of the formula proposed by the Kirit Parikh committee in the past. In 2010, the committee had proposed a formula that saw nil subsidies for upstream companies up to $60/bbl of crude, and a marginal subsidy contribution of 20%/40%/60%/80% of the incremental crude price for crude between $60-$70/$70-$80/$80-$90/>$90 (incidentally, it had proposed full subsidy exemption for GAIL).
In 2013, the committee modified this formula to a 40% share of the crude price till crude <$80/bbl, 40% + $0.25 for each $1/bbl increase beyond $80, and 50% of crude price beyond $120. Some more recent press reports last month have indicated that the government is looking at providing a fixed R20/kg (i.e., R284/cylinder) budgeted subsidy on LPG, with the balance to be borne by the upstream companies, while losses on kerosene could be borne equally (50:50) between upstream and the government.
Quantifying the upside: Our current TP (target price) of R440 is based on 11x FY16e EPS (earnings per share) of R40/share, which assumes gross crude price of $97/bbl and net realisation of $50/bbl for ONGC (which equates to upstream companies bearing an all-time high 74% of the overall under-recovery burden). Assuming crude at $80/bbl and upstream companies bearing an equitable 50% of the burden, ONGC’s net realisations could improve to $59/bbl and EPS to R42/share. At the same 11x target multiple (which is 1 SD—standard deviation–above its historical mean), this could see ONGC’s fair value rising to R460/share, an upside of about 25% from the current levels. We maintain our Buy rating on ONGC as we await this key event-based trigger for the stock.
By Citi
TAGS: ONGC
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Rupee slips from 2-wk high; down 6 paise at 61.83 against dollarComments
The rupee weakened on Monday after a robust monthly US employment data sparked a global rally in the dollar and raised worries that any earlier-than-expected hike in US interest rates could dent foreign flows to emerging markets.
Data on Friday showed US employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November, a sign of economic strength that was seen as potentially pushing the Federal Reserve towards a rate hike in mid-2015.
Foreign investors have been key backers of the rally in domestic shares and bonds this year, making them critical for the outlook for domestic markets.
The rupee was also weighed down after shares posted their biggest falls in 7-1/2 weeks and after some founders of Infosys Ltd sold shares worth $1.1 billion in India's second-largest IT services exporter.
"The USD strengthening across the board weighed but there were good inflows to help limit rupee's fall. There was also some profit-taking seen in stocks after the Infosys share sale, which also hurt the rupee," said Hari Chandramgethen, head of forex trading at South Indian Bank.
The partially convertible rupee closed weaker at 61.83/84 per dollar, down 0.1% from its Friday's close of 61.77/78.
Traders said the rupee would remain in a tight range ahead of retail inflation and industrial production data due on Friday evening.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.16, while the three-month was at 62.76.

PlayStation Network Hit By Suspected Hack AttackSony's PlayStation Network Suffers Blackout Due To Suspected Cyberattack
 |  By                                                                      By YURI KAGEYAMA
Updated:
12/08/2014  4:59 am EST
Sony's online PlayStation store was inaccessible for two hours on Monday in the latest possible cyberattack. (AP Photo/Sony) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
TOKYO (AP) — Sony's online PlayStation store was inaccessible to users for part of Monday in the latest possible cyberattack on the electronics and entertainment company.
Sony Computer Entertainment in Tokyo said Monday the problem lasted two hours but has been fixed globally. It said the cause is under investigation, but there is no sign of any material being stolen.
Last week, the computer systems of Sony Pictures Entertainment were disrupted by a cyberattack and confidential information including unreleased movies was leaked on the Internet.
North Korea was among the suspects, but it has denied responsibility.
The FBI is investigating threatening emails sent to some employees of Sony Pictures Entertainment, and trying to identify the person or group responsible.
There was no indication of a link between the PlayStation and Sony Pictures incidents.
A hacker group calling itself Lizard Squad appeared to take responsibility for the attack on its Twitter account, tweeting "PSN Login #offline."
Earlier this year, Lizard Squad warned that explosives might be on a flight that included a Sony executive among its passengers, and claimed responsibility for a disruption to the PlayStation network. American Airlines diverted the domestic U.S. flight to a nearby airport.
In that incident, hackers orchestrated a so-called denial-of-service attack against Sony, which involved overwhelming the company's game network with fake visits so that legitimate users couldn't get through.
In 2011, hackers compromised the company's network including the personal data of 77 million user accounts. Since then, the company has repeatedly said its computer security has been upgraded.
___
Yuri Kageyama on Twitter: https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Also on HuffPost:

Infosys founders sell stake worth 6 484 crore  stock down 5%Comments
The co-founders of tech giant Infosys on Monday sold a big chunk of shares in the company in deals that totalled to about Rs. 6,484 crore as they broaden their philanthropic activities.
NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, Dinesh K and Kumari Shibulal (wife of SD Shibulal), along with other members of their families, sold 32.6 million shares, which constituted 2.8% of the company’s market capital.  The move brought the bluechip stock down by nearly 5%, and the benchmark Sensex by 1.19%, the most in nearly eight weeks.
Dispelling concerns over the stake sale, former chairman Murthy said in a statement: “We have tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders”. Nilekani did not respond to calls and message, while co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan, who did not sell stakes in this round, also declined to comment.
Murthy said his family sold a minor part of their stake to continue efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and for personal philanthropic initiatives.
Commenting on the stake sale, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said: “The founders continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and their belief in and support of its leadership. I respect their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives.”
Deutsche Equities, an arm of Deutsche Bank, which conducted the share sale on behalf of the founders, said the sale has been done to partially monetise their stake for reasons including philanthropic activities.
It said the share sale was executed at 4% discount to Friday’s closing price of Rs. 1,988.87.  Infosys shares have risen 23% — double of the Sensex — since Sikka was named CEO — the first non founder to head Infosys.
After stepping down from the Infosys board in November, founders and their family members had asked for their names to be removed as promoters. The founders now hold 13.12% in the company, with Murthy and family still the largest shareholders.
“Nothing can be read into this move though the timing and the quantum of the share sale is a bit surprising,” said a former board member of Infosys who asked not to identied. “They chose to sell shares in such large quantum immediately after relieving their active role in the company. If they had sold their stake in a staggered manner nobody would have noticed,” he said.

Elite Group Of Lawyers Receive Unprecedented Advantage At Supreme CourtThe Echo Chamber: Elite Group Of Lawyers Receive Unprecedented Advantage At Supreme Court
Reuters
reddit
The Supreme Court building in Washington, Monday, June 30, 2014, following various court decisions. The court ruled on birth control, union fees and other cases. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
(This is part 1 of a 3-part series, "The Echo Chamber: A small group of lawyers and its outsized influence at the U.S. Supreme Court." The full package is at http://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/scotus/ )
By Joan Biskupic, Janet Roberts and John Shiffman
WASHINGTON, Dec 8 (Reuters) - The marble façade of the U.S. Supreme Court building proclaims a high ideal: "Equal Justice Under Law."
But inside, an elite cadre of lawyers has emerged as first among equals, giving their clients a disproportionate chance to influence the law of the land.
A Reuters examination of nine years of cases shows that 66 of the 17,000 lawyers who petitioned the Supreme Court succeeded at getting their clients' appeals heard at a remarkable rate. Their appeals were at least six times more likely to be accepted by the court than were all others filed by private lawyers during that period.
The lawyers are the most influential members of one of the most powerful specialties in America: the business of practicing before the Supreme Court. None of these lawyers is a household name. But many are familiar to the nine justices. That's because about half worked for justices past or present, and some socialize with them.
They are the elite of the elite: Although they account for far less than 1 percent of lawyers who filed appeals to the Supreme Court, these attorneys were involved in 43 percent of the cases the high court chose to decide from 2004 through 2012.
The Reuters examination of the Supreme Court's docket, the most comprehensive ever, suggests that the justices essentially have added a new criterion to whether the court takes an appeal - one that goes beyond the merits of a case and extends to the merits of the lawyer who is bringing it.
The results: a decided advantage for corporate America, and a growing insularity at the court. Some legal experts contend that the reliance on a small cluster of specialists, most working on behalf of businesses, has turned the Supreme Court into an echo chamber - a place where an elite group of jurists embraces an elite group of lawyers who reinforce narrow views of how the law should be construed.
Of the 66 most successful lawyers, 51 worked for law firms that primarily represented corporate interests. In cases pitting the interests of customers, employees or other individuals against those of companies, a leading attorney was three times more likely to launch an appeal for business than for an individual, Reuters found.
THE NATURE OF THE BUSINESS
"Working for corporate clients is the bread and butter of our practice," said Ashley Parrish, a partner at King & Spalding whose success rate in getting cases before the court ranks him among the top handful of lawyers in America. "As a large national firm, we are generally conflicted from representing individuals and advocacy groups in litigation against corporations," he said. "They are typically suing our clients or prospective clients."
The firm takes some criminal defense and First Amendment cases pro bono. But like other firms with Supreme Court practices, such cases are the exception.
"It's the nature of the business," Parrish said.
As a consequence, individuals seeking to challenge large companies are left to seek counsel from a pool of attorneys that's smaller and, collectively, less successful.
The court generally has a conservative, pro-business majority, but even one of its most liberal justices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, accepts the corporate tilt of the specialist bar that dominates the docket.
"Business can pay for the best counsel money can buy. The average citizen cannot," Ginsburg said. "That's just a reality."
Chief Justice John Roberts declined to comment on the Reuters analysis. But exclusive interviews with eight of the nine sitting justices indicate that most embrace the specialty Supreme Court bar. To them, having experienced lawyers handling cases helps the court and comes without any significant cost. Effective representation, not broad diversity among counsel, best serves the interests of justice, they say.
The growing power of the specialist bar worries some leading lawyers, however. Michael Luttig, general counsel for aerospace giant Boeing Co., understands the advantages of hiring from that group; he has done so when the company has had a case before the justices. But as a former U.S. appeals court judge who earlier served as a Supreme Court clerk, he says he also sees a downside.
"It has become a guild, a narrow group of elite justices and elite counsel talking to each other," Luttig said. The court and its bar have grown "detached and isolated from the real world, ultimately at the price of the healthy and proper development of the law."
CHIEF'S LEGACY
Although the Supreme Court is the most diverse it has ever been - three of the nine justices are women and two are minorities - the elite bar is strikingly homogeneous: Of the 66 top lawyers, 63 are white. Only eight are women.
It's also a self-replicating group of insiders, many of whom previously held positions that offer them deep insight into how the court operates. Among the 66 leading lawyers, 31 worked as a clerk for a Supreme Court justice; in that role, they wrote memos for the justices that summarized petitions and highlighted cases that might be worth hearing. Twenty-five worked in top posts in the U.S. Office of the Solicitor General, whose lawyers represent the federal government before the court.
Like 14 others, lawyer Neal Katyal held both jobs.
At age 44, Katyal is a relative newcomer to this upper echelon of attorneys. But last term, Katyal argued four cases before the high court, second most among the bar's top advocates. This term, he expects to argue at least three.
In his rise to the top, Katyal has patterned himself after a man who was once one of the most successful members of the court's elite bar: John G. Roberts.
Before becoming chief justice in 2005, Roberts served in the solicitor general's office and then built a thriving Supreme Court practice at the law firm where Katyal now works. From 1989 through 2003, Roberts appeared 39 times before the court.
During interviews, Katyal often cites his admiration for the chief justice, recounting the words of another attorney who encouraged Katyal to take a summer associate position working for Roberts in private practice. As Katyal recalled, the conversation went like this: You know that G in John G. Roberts? the lawyer asked him. The G is for God. (It actually stands for Glover.)
Today, Katyal oversees the practice the chief justice shaped, and he continues to follow the Roberts model. "Every day I'm conscious of the chief's legacy at the firm and in the Supreme Court bar," he said.
TOP LAWYERS KEY
The rise of that specialty bar can be traced to the mid-1980s, when President Reagan's first solicitor general, Rex Lee, joined the Washington office of Sidley Austin.
Demand had grown for lawyers who could help corporations roll back workplace, environmental and consumer regulations that had roots in the late 1960s and early 1970s. At Sidley Austin, Lee launched a high court practice focused on business clients. In the next two years, he argued a remarkable eight cases before the Supreme Court.
By the time Lee died in 1996, other large firms were creating their own Supreme Court practices, largely on behalf of business interests.
The star appellate lawyers, by virtue of the appeals they write and sign, help the justices winnow the pool of cases the court considers. Typically, the Supreme Court agrees to hear just 5 percent of the petitions filed by private attorneys. It accepts 21 percent of the cases bearing the name of a leading advocate.
"They basically are just a step ahead of us in identifying the cases that we'll take a look at," said Justice Anthony Kennedy. "They are on the front lines and they apply the same standards" as the justices do.
Some scholars say reliance on the expert bar has made for a far more insular court. "We don't want the justices to filter cases through advocates," said Jenny Roberts, associate dean at American University's law school. "If this is happening, delegating the discretion of cases to a sort of sub-Supreme Court when so much is at stake is troublesome. It's fine if you trust and agree with those in control, but what happens when you don't?"
To identify lawyers who enjoyed the most success before the high court, Reuters examined about 10,300 petitions for writ of certiorari, the documents that launch an appeal, filed by private attorneys during a nine-year period. Reuters excluded the large volume of appeals filed by convicts and others without a lawyer; rarely are those cases accepted by the court. The analysis also excluded petitions filed by government lawyers.
At this critical first stage of the process, justices have wide discretion to decide whether to hear a case. For a petition to be accepted - known in Supreme Court parlance as "granting cert" - four of the nine justices must vote to take the case and hear oral arguments.
Each of the 66 lawyers Reuters identified filed an average of at least one petition a year from 2004 to 2012. And each had at least three petitions that were granted in that period. Both criteria put these lawyers far above the norm.
Reuters identified about 1,500 petitions filed during those nine years in which the interests of companies were arrayed against those of customers, employees or other individuals. These appeals included employment discrimination cases, benefits disputes and antitrust cases.
In these cases, the elite lawyers were three times more likely to petition the court on behalf of businesses. And the appeals brought by a leading attorney were six times more likely to be heard than those that were not.
The pro-business predilections of the Roberts court come as no surprise to those who follow its rulings. During the first nine years under Roberts, Reuters found, the court ruled for business parties 60 percent of the time, compared with 48 percent during the court's last nine years under Chief Justice William Rehnquist.
That divergence extends to which cases the court is willing to hear, says law professor Alan Morrison. "It's very hard to get a consumer, environmental or workers case up, compared to business," said Morrison, who teaches at George Washington University. Morrison is the former director of Public Citizen Litigation Group, the liberal advocacy organization that he founded with Ralph Nader in 1972.
LIBERAL STRATAGEM
Some justices said any perception of a tilt toward corporate America might stem from the nature of litigation today. First, the court is seeing more patent and intellectual property cases, which tend to involve business-related matters. Second, the court is hearing challenges to laws that were enacted following the 2008 financial crisis and involve new regulatory issues.
In addition, some liberal advocates are unwilling to bring certain cases to a conservative-leaning high court, fearing an unfavorable decision that would set a nationwide precedent. Like their business-oriented counterparts, public interest lawyers effectively influence the court's agenda, too. They do so by declining to draft petitions for some kinds of civil rights and consumer cases. Their rationale: They do not want the Supreme Court to revisit decades-old decisions that tend to favor the liberal agenda.
"You don't want to go up and make matters worse," said Scott Nelson, a lawyer at Public Citizen and one of the most successful attorneys at getting cases before the justices.
Given the current makeup of the high court, his advocacy group focuses more resources on opposing the petitions filed by business. "Sometimes when I'd rather not take a case, I emphasize my limited time and resources," Nelson said. "Talking about resources is a nicer way of no, than telling someone, 'You don't have a good case.'"
Measuring the impact of these elite attorneys on how the court ultimately rules is difficult. Many factors affect how justices interpret the Constitution and federal statutes. "It's not like we're judging a moot court: Which lawyer is better?" said Justice Samuel Alito. "It's the case, not the lawyer."
But the involvement of attorneys recognized for their Supreme Court experience can influence whether a case simply makes it before the court, a prerequisite to a decision affecting the law of the land.
"If you know you have a solid beginning, two people making the best argument on both sides, that makes it less anxious for you," said Ginsburg, the senior liberal on the court.
An absence of skilled lawyers also makes a difference.
"Any number of people will vote against a cert petition if they think the lawyering is bad," said Justice Clarence Thomas, a conservative. He said such decisions stem from the justices' desires to ensure that both sides have strong representation.
Justice Antonin Scalia, also a conservative, acknowledged that in some instances he will vote against hearing a case if he fears it will be presented poorly and he expects another opportunity to rule on the issues the case presents. "I have never voted to take a case only because a good lawyer was on it," Scalia said. "But I have voted against what would be a marginally granted petition when it was not well presented. where the petition demonstrates that the lawyer is not going to argue it well."
The justices say that some top advocates do champion individuals against corporations. They frequently cite two lawyers.
One is Jeffrey Fisher, who leads Stanford Law School's Supreme Court clinic, a group that represents criminal defendants and employees, consumers and other individuals. Law clinics, which don't charge clients, were created to give students hands-on appellate experience. Fisher has argued about two dozen cases before the high court.
Clinics are a limited counterweight to the elite bar, however. Some are associated with top corporate lawyers, which means the clinics steer clear of some of the same business cases that leading law firms avoid. And most clinics are tiny - staffed by two professors and a rotating cast of students. "We can only do so much," Fisher said.
The other lawyer often cited by the justices as a counterbalance to the corporate-focused bar is David Frederick. A former Supreme Court clerk and assistant solicitor general, Frederick is among the private lawyers who have appeared most before the court during the last decade.
Even so, Frederick is just one lawyer handling a handful of Supreme Court cases a year; corporate firms account for more than half of the court's docket. Frederick also noted that he has represented corporations as well as individuals at the high court.
"Are we a valid alternative? We certainly could handle responsibly a few more cases," Frederick said. "But for the large quantity of cases your data reflects, it would not be realistic to call us the alternative."
ART OF PERSUASION
The court provides loose guidelines on the kinds of cases it will take. It typically seeks cases that give it the opportunity to settle disagreements between lower regional courts of appeals - so-called circuit splits. The idea is to ensure a consistent interpretation of the law and the Constitution.
The justices may decide to take cases that do not include a circuit split if the case involves issues of immediate and national importance, such as President Obama's health care program, the Affordable Care Act. Unlike in the lower courts, where dozens of issues may be debated, the Supreme Court generally limits its review to one or two discrete issues per case.
When lawyers submit a petition to the high court, their names are on the cover of the filing. Supreme Court clerks provide the initial screening of these petitions. Eight of the justices participate in a "cert pool," a process in which one of their clerks summarizes a case for the other justices to consider. Alito does not participate in the cert pool and has his own clerks review every petition.
One fact a clerk may highlight in the memo is the presence of a prominent, highly regarded lawyer who's involved in the case.
Morrison, the George Washington law professor, said clerks may be reluctant to back an inexperienced lawyer, fearing that doing so might lead to the acceptance of a case that's poorly presented or based on a moot legal question. Playing it safe spares the court the embarrassment of having to dismiss a flawed case after it has been fully argued. Conversely, the clerks know which advocates the justices respect and admire.
"The cert pool memo certainly creates additional barriers" for lawyers who aren't well-known to the court, Morrison said.
Familiarity with certain advocates might make the difference in whether an ambivalent justice votes to take up a case, said Eugene Fidell, a longtime Washington lawyer now teaching at Yale Law School. That means the specialty bar may be able to skew the court's docket toward the litigation agendas of their clients, Fidell said.
"There is something disturbing, on a symbolic level, about an important national institution looking like an inside-the-Beltway club," he said.
A NEW INSIDER One of the fastest-rising members of that club is Katyal, the lawyer who emulates Chief Justice Roberts.
In at least one sense, Katyal is atypical of the elite bar: A Hindu who was born to Indian immigrants, he is one of just three racial minorities in the top five dozen.
In all other respects, Katyal fits the paradigm. Like 31 of the top 66, he went to one of America's top two law schools (Yale). And he cultivated the right mentors, having worked directly for three of the current justices: Roberts, Breyer and Elena Kagan.
When discussing his work, Katyal often talks of the chief justice. He mentions one particularly notable instance, when he interviewed with Roberts for a summer job after law school. Before accepting, he asked Roberts, a Republican, whether Roberts would be comfortable working with a Democrat.
"Not only would I be comfortable with it," Katyal quoted Roberts as saying, "I want you here because I want to learn what others who may at times see the world differently than I think."
Katyal cited that conversation in a 2002 letter he wrote to the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee in support of Roberts' nomination to an appeals court.
Katyal later joined the Obama administration as the principal deputy solicitor general in 2009 - the same title, he notes, that Roberts had in the George H.W. Bush administration. After Kagan left as solicitor general to become a justice in 2010, Katyal tried for the top job but lost to the more experienced Donald Verrilli.
"It was probably the hardest professional thing that I have gone through," Katyal said. Still, he said, he quickly realized the opportunities that a Supreme Court specialty afforded.
"I had calls from a bunch of law firms," he said. "So many sweet things happened."
Attorney General Eric Holder hosted a farewell party for him, he said, and Justices Roberts, Breyer and Kagan attended.
Then, Katyal was hired to take over the appellate practice at Roberts' former firm, Hogan Lovells. He arrived to great news. "The day I walked in here," Katyal said, "there was a letter waiting from me from the chief." Katyal had been appointed by his former mentor to a prestigious judicial committee.
Since he joined Hogan Lovells three years ago, Katyal has worked hard to build the practice. He tapped college and law school connections and reached out to tech companies, knowing of the high court's growing interest in lucrative patent disputes. He also burnished his pro-business bona fides in order to better attract deep-pocketed corporations. He even offered to represent some litigants for free.
Among Katyal's successes: In July, he persuaded the justices to take up an appeal by his client, a group of gas companies accused of manipulating prices. Katyal is seeking to reverse a lower-court ruling that allowed the antitrust case against the traders to go forward. The appeal will be heard in January.
At stake, Katyal asserted in court filings: hundreds of millions and perhaps billions of dollars for corporations.
"We're not where the chief was when he was here," Katyal said of his firm's Supreme Court practice. "But that's where we want to go. That's our goal." (Reporting by Joan Biskupic, Janet Roberts and John Shiffman; Editing by Blake Morrison and Amy Stevens)
Also on HuffPost:

Fed Proposing Big US Banks Boost Capital CushionsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

SAT adjourns appeal over regulator for MF distributorsSAT adjourns appeal over regulator for MF distributors
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:46 PM IST
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has adjourned an appeal over selection of a regulatory body for mutual fund distributors. The matter will now be heard on December 23.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had earlier invited applications for setting up a self-regulatory organisation (SRO) for mutual fund distributors.
It subsequently announced that one of the applicants, the Institute of Mutual Funds Intermediaries (Imfi), had received approval to be an SRO. The Association of Mutual Funds of India (Amfi) set up Imfi. Amfi is an industry association for mutual fund houses.
Another applicant was the Organisation of Financial Distributors, which was promoted by Financial Intermediaries Association of India. The Financial Standards Planning Board, a financial planning body, had also applied. It had set up the Financial Planning Supervisory Foundation (FPSF) to act as regulator.
The latter objected to the Sebi decision on the grounds that IMFI had not been set up in time for the application deadline.
“The regulation expressly says such companies may make an application to the board…admittedly the respondent was not a section 25 company (at the time),” said Darius Khambatta, senior advocate who appeared on behalf of the FPSF on Tuesday.
Senior Advocate Shiraz Rustomjee appeared on behalf of Sebi. He said the deadline was not a statutory date, and had only been put in place to “speed things up", as no applications had been forthcoming after Sebi had initially asked for it.
According to a source, another objection was the distributors of a product would be regulated by a body set up by the product manufacturers. Another source denied this, saying the board of SRO would have representation from the regulator as well, and that fears of manufacturer domination were unfounded.
The appellant’s counsel concluded his arguments on Tuesday.

Women in Business Q&A: Christina Mercando  founder and CEO of Ringlyreddit
Christina Mercando is the founder and CEO of Ringly , a New York City company composed of designers and engineers dedicated to blending fashion and technology in meaningful ways. Their first suite of products integrates wearable technology with beautifully designed jewelry and accessories. Ringly's core belief is that technology can be more discreetly and smartly integrated into our lives.
Prior to founding Ringly, Christina was the VP of Product at Hunch, a social recommendation service aiming to build a 'taste graph' of the entire web by intelligently connecting people to the things they love. Hunch was acquired by eBay in 2011 where Christina played a major role in improving the social shopping and merchandising experience across ebay.com.
Christina's passion for art and technology started at an early age. She graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with degrees in both Fine Art and Human Computer Interaction. She has a strong interest in user-centered design and its power to enrich and strengthen both online and offline experiences.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
Throughout my life and career I've always had an intellectual curiosity and appetite to learn new things. From an early age, I knew I would be running my own company one day.  Because of this, I tried to soak in as much knowledge I could from the people and experiences I've encountered along the way. Having a deeper understanding of the world and of people will make you a much better leader.
How has your previous employment experience aided your tenure at RINGLY?
I learned so much from my time at Hunch and from working in the start-up world. Just knowing and being around other entrepreneurs, designers and engineers helped tremendously when I decided to start Ringly. I had built up a strong network of friends and colleagues who were really supportive of everything I was doing when I decided to take the plunge.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at RINGLY?
With a company like Ringly, there are a lot of moving parts.  We're shaping and defining an entirely new category of jewelry and fashion accessories.  Doing that has a lot of challenges, but also comes with a lot of rewards. Being a part of the history of jewelry by merging new technology with something that's been around for hundreds of thousands of years really excites me.
What advice can you offer to women who are seeking to start their own business?
I've had lots of ideas over the years but when the idea for Ringly came to me, I couldn't shake it. I kept thinking about how cool it would be to have a cute piece of jewelry that helps solve a problem in many women's lives. My advice to anyone starting out would be to have perseverance. Starting a company is not an easy thing to do, but you'll learn more than you ever thought possible and there's nothing more rewarding than seeing your vision unfold and having others believe in it too.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
I don't think I do as good of a job maintaining a work/life balance as I should these days but I do try to focus on the things that make me happy during my off hours. Spending time with friends and loved ones, taking time for myself by running or doing yoga and reading books that have nothing to do with work help keep me balanced.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
I think it depends on the workplace. I've worked at companies where I was one of very few women and I never noticed an imbalance; everyone was treated fairly and respected each other. I've also worked at places where that wasn't the case and it makes things much more difficult. When there is a noticeable unbalance it's important for women to support each other and help each other succeed as much as possible.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I've had a lot of great people to look up to throughout my career but I often find that it's the friends and people you surround yourself with everyday that have the most impact both personally and professionally. I also believe that it's equally important to mentor others and to give back. I learn so much by teaching others.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
This might sound cliché, but I admire anyone who sets out and pursues his or her dreams. There have been a lot of powerful female leaders emerge in the last decade - Marissa Mayer, Sheryl Sandberg and Sara Blakely to name a few. I aspire to join their ranks so I can be an inspiration to future leaders.
What do you want RINGLY to accomplish in the next year?
We want to grow Ringly into the leading smart jewelry and accessories brand. We plan on announcing retail and designer partnerships over the next year as well as expand our own collection.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Bruce Henderson s Amazing Tax Planreddit
It's tucked away, almost like a dirty little secret, in the Boston Consulting Group book Perspectives on Strategy, and it comes with a health warning.  It's relegated to a short Part Five of the book labelled Social Commentary.  The contents of these essays, we are told by the book's editors, "are highly personal - they reflect Bruce's character and beliefs [as if his other Perspectives do not], and not necessarily the views of BCG".  None of the essays is so hot to handle as the one on tax, and it is surprising how little attention has been given to it.
Until now.
The beauty of Bruce's thought is that it is derived from first principles.  And he starts with a surprise -- a remarkably modern surprise.
A Social Democratic Bruce?
As is well known, Bruce was a thorough-going capitalist, whose belief in free enterprise was total, or extreme, depending on your viewpoint.  But when he comes to discuss taxation, he starts in an arresting way:
Taxes raise money to finance government spending.  That is obvious.  Taxes also redistribute income and control the creation of wealth.  That may be the more important consequence.
Now, the reader -- at least, this reader -- expected this to be a prelude to a denunciation of high government spending and excessive control on the creation of wealth.  This is where most right-wing commentators go today.  But, like a master toreador, Bruce totally side-steps that discussion.  He seems simply to accept those objectives, and then asks whether the current tax system -- broadly that of all countries today -- is fulfilling those objectives.
Such tax practices do raise revenue [tick for the first objective] and they do reduce the after-tax incomes of those who are the most productive [another tick, though perhaps expressed in a slightly back-handed way].
Yet, says Bruce, they have an unfortunate side-effect:
But such policies may substantially curtail productivity and leave the average man much worse off than he needs to be.
So the direction of his argument becomes clear.  He is going to accept what we would now call the populist or social-democratic objectives, and argue that there is a better way to achieve them:
It is possible to encourage capital formation, capital investment, and the creation of wealth and to increase productivity by the direction of tax policy.
This is a new objective introduced by Bruce -- and who could object to it?  But he insists that the third objective need not conflict with the first two social-democratic objectives:
It is possible to redistribute the power to consume [note the careful wording; he does not say wealth] and at the same time to limit that power as much as desired.
Bruce's Amazing Plan
Taxes should be levied when, and only when, individuals disinvest in order to consume.  Capital still at work should not be taxed at all.  Our taxes could be made both to increase average income and to level actual consumption by individuals.
Bruce has in mind a universe in which investment is made by individuals in order to generate future wealth for society and for themselves -- what today we would call an entrepreneurial society.  Even when companies invest, their funds are derived from their individual investors, and so the simplicity of Bruce's model is not compromised.  Only if companies pay dividends to their shareholders are they taking money out of "production" and putting it into "consumption."  This simple model of the economy has a lot in common with that of Karl Marx.  It is also a very useful way to think about the economy and society.
Bruce's basic point is that wealth is a function of investment.  We may quibble that today it is a function of intellectual capital -- personal imagination -- as much as capital itself, but having observed venture capital at close quarters, from both sides of the table, I am sure that capital is still a vital component, and often quite a lot of capital too, in order to establish competitive dominance.
When, for example, Jeff Bezos started Amazon.com, he said that he would not make a profit at all for the first five years, ploughing what could otherwise be earnings back into lower prices and better customer experience.  As a result, Amazon used prodigious amounts of capital.  Even today, Amazon makes only a 1 percent return on its revenues, when it could easily choose to make that two or three times larger (and will no doubt eventually do so.)
That "West Coast" model for digital businesses -- worry about the land grab, about market growth and segment market share, rather than profits for the first decade or so -- has proved incredibly successful for entrepreneurs, investors, consumers, and society.
So basically I think Bruce was right.  If you care about creating social wealth, you need a lot of investment.  Tax policy should encourage investment.
But how do you do that without compromising the first two objectives of funding government and redistributing income?
Bruce's Rabbit Out of the Hat
Time for a big drum roll.   How can Bruce possibly square the circle of creating a bigger pie and not allowing the rich too big a share of it?
His argument is that it is not wealth that society should be restricting or redistributing, but rather personal consumption of that wealth.   The two are not at all the same thing:
Ownership of productive wealth confers no real benefit except future security until it provides an opportunity to consume.  A progressive income tax can be restrictive enough to put any desired limit on the ability to consume, if that tax is based on consumption instead of income itself.
In other words, if someone owns a productive asset -- such as a share in Amazon.com -- he or she should not be taxed on that while the money remains in the productive system, and is not used for personal spending.  Similarly, tough Bruce does not say this, income from working generates social wealth and should not be taxed until the money is spent by the person earning it.  If an individual puts money back into the economy and society by investing in productive wealth, that should not be taxed at all until the money is withdrawn and spent.
I think it is very hard to argue against this proposition, and it sets the current debate about the rich allegedly getting richer in a totally new light.   If the balance sheets of the rich are getting bloated but they don't spend the money, they are not really "rich" in any way that detracts from the welfare of anybody else.  In fact, they are increasing that welfare.  This is a totally different argument from that used by socialists when discussing the rich in the nineteenth century or before.  Wealth used to derive ultimately from land, and holding land (unless you plonk a factory or a fish farm or a windmill on it) does nothing to generate additional future social wealth.  There is a very strong intellectual case for a land tax, but the case for a tax on the fruits of capital and income, unless spent, is really weak -- if you think from Bruce's first principles.
Bruce's Radical Tax Proposals
If you follow Bruce's three objectives -- including, remember, the two social-democratic objectives -- you arrive at a much simpler and more effective tax code.  In Bruce's ideal world, this is what you would do:
• Corporations should not be taxed at all.  They are only surrogates for individuals, not the ultimate consumer.  Tax the consumer, not the producer.
• If corporations are to be taxed at all, then tax the dividends
• Eliminate capital gains taxes.  Instead, credit all net investment as a direct decrease in ordinary taxable income. [In other words, if there is new investment in venture capital, this can be offset against income tax.  The UK tax code now allows that, though only partially.  It has been very successful.] Likewise tax all net disinvestment as a direct increase in ordinary taxable income.
Bruce does not say how to tax "net disinvestment" and how to relate that to consumption.   There are practical problems.  For example, if I receive a large sum from selling a venture capital investment when the company is sold, and I keep the money in the bank, should I be taxed on that?  To stick with Bruce's principles, I should only be taxed when I consume.  But I don't think he envisaged having a massive sales tax and no income tax.  The problem can be solved by having a time limit on reinvestment of my gains, perhaps 2-3 years.  If I don't reinvest the money, then I can be taxed on the gain.
Also, Bruce does not seem concerned with income tax, which is just as much a tax on socially generated wealth as capital gains.  Indeed, he explicitly states, The progressive personal income tax can be increased as necessary to equate tax revenues. But this ignores the fact that personal effort in a job can increase social wealth -- and although an imperfect measure, the best measure, perhaps the only measure we can realistically have, is what people are prepared to pay for the hours individuals put into work rather than more wholly personal objectives.  Having a high personal income tax does conflict with wealth generation, though nobody knows how much and at what levels.
So ultimately, I don't believe that Bruce totally squared the circle.  But his method is to be emulated and I do think he comes close to some incredibly valuable results:
• Work out tax policy from first principles that can be expressed on one page of paper. Three objectives, probably those Bruce came up with, are enough.
• Find a way to insist that the objectives do not conflict, or at least do not in wide parts of tax policy.
• Adopt his policy for investment in new companies (not for simply buying shares on the stock market, which is a secondary market that mainly does not provide new capital) -- offset all such investment (which limits consumption) 100% against income tax
• Tax the proceeds from dividends and capital gains the same -- as income, unless reinvested within 2-3 years in new ventures or new money for existing companies
This would greatly simplify not just the process of tax collection and greatly lower its cost, but more importantly, would be based on principles of fairness with due respect for what generates new wealth.
If you find my blogs interesting or useful, please share them with a friend, leave a comment, or follow me on Twitter @RichardKoch8020
Follow Richard Koch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RichardKoch8020
More:

I Almost Died Twice -- Talk About Perspectivereddit
On November 6, 2004, on my first ski day of the season, I broke my neck cliff-jumping in Tahoe. I was extremely lucky -- I walked out of the hospital!
In December 2010, after a diving trip in Australia, a scratch on my leg got infected by MRSA and I spent a week in the hospital. Only after I had recovered, did I find out that I was one day away from my bloodstream and organs being infected. Again, I was extremely lucky.
Each of these times I experienced a strong feeling of gratefulness, a re-boot of sorts. I thought about priorities, about what is important to me. I also thought a lot about why it takes events like this to make us step back and think about our true priorities.
After I broke my neck, I remember telling somebody about a challenging work situation, "after you break your neck, nothing seems quite as challenging or insurmountable." Of course as the years went on, many big challenges made their way to my desk!
But the truth is, the events themselves did not impact my actions as much as they did my perspective, over time. We all go through our own perspective journey -- in my case it received a few big shocks.
As we gain experience, our perspective matures, our insight into what is truly important, matures. But we can accelerate that; we should accelerate that. And it doesn't take shocks to the system to do that.
It takes an understanding that we become better, that we become more productive and effective when we work at understanding our priorities, our purpose. It creates an inner confidence, a curiosity and a path to achieve that is contagious -- because when we trust ourselves, we inspire trust.
I almost died twice. I don't think about that a lot.
I think every day how I want to live.
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Opposition has run out of issues: Modipolitical development
“Leaders of opposition parties have to campaign for the sake of their survival. ...But they don’t have any issues... They are repeating their speeches made during the Lok Sabha elections”
Flaying the Opposition, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said it has run out of issues and asked the people of Jharkhand to give a decisive mandate in favour of the BJP to ensure State’s speedy development.
Seeking a stable government with full majority in Jharkhand, Mr. Modi asked people not to hand over power in the State in the hands of thekedars (brokers).
“These days leaders of opposition parties are very upset. They have to campaign for the sake of their survival and are going to Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too. But they don’t have any issues against the Modi government. They are repeating their speeches made during the Lok Sabha elections. There is bankruptcy of issues for Opposition,” Mr. Modi said addressing a poll rally in Dhanbad on Tuesday.
The Prime Minister said his government’s policies will help the mineral-rich State progress fast and reap benefits of its coal reserves.
Exhorting the people to elect a BJP government with full majority, Mr. Modi said, “You have done this for country, will you not do it for the sake of Jharkhand... coalition governments in the country have given the power in the hands of thekedars and you know what they have done to the country and the States for so many years.” Referring to the State’s rich coal reserves, he said, “You are sitting on a black diamond. This Jharkhand’s black diamond has the potential to light up the entire country and our policies will help the State reap its benefits.”
Talking about the Coal scam and the Supreme Court verdict on it, the Prime Minister said though it came as a “blow” to us and “pained” the government, it was taken up as an “opportunity” to improve things.
Mr. Modi also hit out at the Opposition for “lying” to the people while nationalising banks some 40 years ago in the name of helping the poor. He said the Jan Dhan Yojna has helped every poor in the country open a bank account and benefit even without depositing a single penny.
So far the poor of the country have deposited Rs. 7,000 crore in bank accounts opened by them under the scheme, he said.
Comparing the prosperous western part of the country with the under-developed eastern part, he said the country will become strong only if both sides develop equally and announced his government’s focus to develop the eastern part of the country which is rich in natural resources.
The Prime Minister thanked the people of Jharkhand for saving the country from a hung Lok Sabha, by helping the BJP achieve a clear mandate in the recent Parliamentary elections and urged people to similarly save the State from an unstable government, by electing a BJP government with full majority.
He said the period of 13 to 18 years is crucial in the life of an individual and Jharkhand is now passing through the same period of its existence and therefore a good leadership is crucial to ensure its bright future.
He urged the people to take the right decision and elect the BJP with a full majority in the Assembly elections, while calling upon people to give him a chance to make the kala heera (black diamond) of Jharkhand shine.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir for voting in large numbers in the earlier phases of the Assembly elections. The Prime Minster also spoke of his election rally in Srinagar on Monday, which he said was the biggest since 1983. He urged the people to vote in large numbers, and elect a BJP government with full majority.

Will selling euros  the one-sided bet for  1...Chicago Mercantile Exchange
(The contrast between monetary…)
LONDON: When even hedge funds are overwhelmingly on the same side of an investment as the broader market, you know it's a crowded trade.
This is where the euro finds itself going into 2015. Traders, investment banks, asset managers and the so-called "smart money" of hedge funds are all betting on a weaker euro, leaving the only point of disagreement being by how much.
The rationale behind it is simple: the European Central Bank will aggressively ease monetary policy by undertaking a large-scale government bond buying programme to prevent low growth and inflation from strangling the region's economy.
The contrast between monetary easing and weak economic growth in the euro zone with likely monetary tightening and stronger growth in the United States should push the euro lower.
ECB president Mario Draghi has indicated that the central bank is poised to expand its balance sheet by around 1 trillion euros of asset purchases, including politically sensitive purchases of government debt.
It is a policy that has already been adopted by the US, UK and Japanese central banks since the 2007-08 financial crisis, with varying degrees of success.
But the only problem with the expectation of a lower euro next year is that everybody shares it.
"I've never seen such a big consensus in my 20 years of investment life," said Yves Kuhn, chief investment officer at Banque Internationale a Luxembourg.
"I just don't like a consensus like that."
There's good reason to be wary of overwhelming consensus after the events of the past year. The vast majority of the financial community bet on rising U.S. Treasury yields through 2014 only to see 10-year benchmarks slip steadily all year to the point of virtual collapse on Oct 15.
The 2015 consensus view on the euro from 54 strategists polled by Reuters is for a decline to $1.18 in 12 months' time, implying a decline of around 4 per cent to come on top of the 10 per cent it has already lost against the dollar this year.
Only nine of the 54 forecasters expected the euro to rise over the next twelve months, and some investment banks' longer-term views are even more bearish: Deutsche Bank predicts the euro will fall below parity against the dollar in 2017.
Going against the tide is high risk, but it is what makes the successful bets all the more lucrative. Hedge funds sell themselves to wealthy and sophisticated investors on their ability to "beat the Street", and charge them accordingly.
But they've had a tough time of it lately. Hedge funds are up only 3.45 per cent year-to-date, the latest data from industry tracker Eurekahedge show. Roughly 18 per cent of funds boast double digit returns for the year, half the number for the same period last year.
That's a paltry return compared to the 13 per cent gain year-to-date on the benchmark S&P 500 or 11 per cent on the dollar index, and total returns of almost 10 per cent on both U.S. Treasuries and German Bunds.
The euro is proving to be the exception to the usual hedge fund rule, in that the "smart money" has the same bet on as the herd. The latest positioning data from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange show speculators' bets against the euro are close to record levels.
"It does not pay to be contrarian," said Chris Morrison , strategist for the Omni Macro Fund .
There are potential obstacles to a weaker euro next year. One would be if the Federal Reserve doesn't raise U.S. interest rates as quickly or as much as the market expects, reducing the relative attractiveness of the dollar against the euro.
Similarly, unexpectedly strong euro zone growth could push market-based euro rates and yields up, improving the single currency's relative returns.
U.S. authorities may raise objections to the dollar's rise, which they might argue could lead to increased financial instability. Only this week, the Bank for International Settlements expressed similar concerns.
From the euro side, the euro zone runs the largest current account surplus in the world. This means there's a natural trade and investment inflow of hundreds of billions of dollars into the currency every year. If the euro is to weaken, the outflows will need to be considerable,
In the meantime, however, few are willing to take the contrarian side of the bet.
"It's very straightforward - you get paid to short the euro. This is as clear as it gets. It couldn't be clearer," said one hedge fund manager in London.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The richest man in Russia bought James Watsons Nobel prize just so he could return itBy Rachel Feltman December 9 Follow @rachelfeltman
The father of DNA may be a great scientist, but he's also got some rather racist opinions. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)
After much hubbub over the sale of his Nobel prize for the discovery of the DNA's double helix, James Watson was parted from his medal for all of a few days. Bloomberg reports that Alisher Usmanov -- owner of the Arsenal soccer club, richest man in Russia, and purchaser of Watson's Nobel for $4.1 million -- plans on returning the scientist's prize.
Watson put his prize (along with two documents related to the award, which another buyer spent over $600,000 on) on the auction block because he'd been ostracized from the academic community . He blames a 2007 interview where he expressed the belief that some races are less intelligent than others. But others say he has a long list of sexist and racist remarks under his belt , and that his contributions to science shouldn't excuse him.
The 1962 Nobel Prize medal James Watson won for his role in the discovery of the structure of DNA. (AP/Christie's)
"In my opinion, a situation in which an outstanding scientist has to sell a medal recognizing his achievements is unacceptable,” Usmanov said in a statement . “James Watson is one of the greatest biologists in the history of mankind and his award for the discovery of DNA structure must belong to him."
Usmanov said that he'd been motivated by his father's death from cancer -- a disease he believes that Watson's discoveries have made invaluable contributions to curing.
When you include the commission charged by the auction house, Usmanov's gesture cost him nearly $5 million. But with a net worth of nearly $19 billion , I guess that's not such a big deal.
"It is important for me that the money that I spent on this medal will go to supporting scientific research, and the medal will stay with the person who deserved it," he said in a statement . Indeed, Watson has said he intends to donate most of the money to academic institutions -- presumably so he can regain positions of influence there. 
Who knows, maybe the sale of Watson's cherished award will become an annual thing.

Rahul Gandhi applauds functioning of Kerala CongressDec 09, 2014 at 09:49pm IST
Rahul Gandhi applauds functioning of Kerala Congress
23
0
Thiruvananthapuram: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday applauded the working of the party in Kerala and said that this is going to be the model for the party in the rest of the country.
"The working of the Congress party in Kerala is a model for me and the one that's going to be a model for the rest of the country for the party. I will work with all of you to make it more strong and vibrant and to see that our party returns to power here and in the centre," said Gandhi while addressing the valedictory function of the state-wide yatra of State Congress president VM Sudheeran who criss-crossed the state in the past one month.
Gandhi arrived on Tuesday evening. Present on the occasion were all the senior leaders of the party including A.K. Antony.
Rahul Gandhi cautioned the party leaders to see that they remained united.
#kerala #congress #rahul gandhi #united democratic front
However, Gandhi cautioned the party leaders to see that they remained united.
"I will borrow from what Antony said and I appeal to all of you that you should embrace the party not just physically but in spirit also," said Gandhi.
He also said that even though he has been to Kerala many times in the past, he has not been able to spend much time here. "I promise you that the next time when I come, I will spend more time with all of you. I like coming to Kerala because I learn a lot both politically and other wise ," said Gandhi.
Gandhi who is staying overnight in the city, will meet the top leaders of his party and also the allies of the ruling Congress-led United Democratic Front. He will attend a meeting of leaders of the party and return to Delhi in the afternoon.
All the state leaders who spoke, stressed the need for lending all help and support to strengthen the hands of party president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi.
11

Adam Goldman and Julie TateGovernment negotiators and FARC rebels say their peace negotiations are on stronger footing than before.
Dec 12, 2014
The president resisted the measures in the spring but now agrees with Congress to target specific officials.
Dec 11, 2014
Anger at the group has been directed more at the cultural condescension of their act, and the attitude that they could barge their way into one of Peru’s most sensitive places for the sake of publicity.
Dec 10, 2014
At least one of the six may be thinking about moving on, based on an overheard conversation with a guard.
Dec 9, 2014
Maria Corina Machado was indicated Wednesday with several other opposition figures.
Dec 5, 2014
As the economy sinks, Chavez’s successor pushes a new kind of “democracy.”
Nov 25, 2014
In Venezuela, cars gain in value as they come off the dealer’s lot. They’re the best investment you can make.
Nov 19, 2014
The president halted negotiations with FARC rebels after the officer and two others were seized in the jungle.
Nov 17, 2014
Friends and enemies wonder how long President Nicolas Maduro can go before Venezuela snaps.
Nov 17, 2014
Bolivia’s gas boom has brought new wealth but has left many Guarani with a creeping sense of regret.
Nov 14, 2014
Load More
About
Nick Miroff is the Washington Post's Latin America correspondent, roaming from the U.S.-Mexico borderlands to South America's southern cone. He has been a staff writer since 2006, reporting on politics, immigration, crime, and development in northern Virginia for the Post’s Metro desk until 2009. He earned a Master’s degree at the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism (2006), and studied Spanish and Latin American Literature at UC Santa Cruz (2000). Miroff grew up in Albany, New York.
Most Read

Swati Sharma and Julie TateGovernment negotiators and FARC rebels say their peace negotiations are on stronger footing than before.
Dec 12, 2014
The president resisted the measures in the spring but now agrees with Congress to target specific officials.
Dec 11, 2014
Anger at the group has been directed more at the cultural condescension of their act, and the attitude that they could barge their way into one of Peru’s most sensitive places for the sake of publicity.
Dec 10, 2014
At least one of the six may be thinking about moving on, based on an overheard conversation with a guard.
Dec 9, 2014
Maria Corina Machado was indicated Wednesday with several other opposition figures.
Dec 5, 2014
As the economy sinks, Chavez’s successor pushes a new kind of “democracy.”
Nov 25, 2014
In Venezuela, cars gain in value as they come off the dealer’s lot. They’re the best investment you can make.
Nov 19, 2014
The president halted negotiations with FARC rebels after the officer and two others were seized in the jungle.
Nov 17, 2014
Friends and enemies wonder how long President Nicolas Maduro can go before Venezuela snaps.
Nov 17, 2014
Bolivia’s gas boom has brought new wealth but has left many Guarani with a creeping sense of regret.
Nov 14, 2014
Load More
About
Nick Miroff is the Washington Post's Latin America correspondent, roaming from the U.S.-Mexico borderlands to South America's southern cone. He has been a staff writer since 2006, reporting on politics, immigration, crime, and development in northern Virginia for the Post’s Metro desk until 2009. He earned a Master’s degree at the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism (2006), and studied Spanish and Latin American Literature at UC Santa Cruz (2000). Miroff grew up in Albany, New York.
Most Read

Washington Braces For Torture Report ReleaseWith CIA Torture Report Set For Controversial Release, Washington Braces For Fallout
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- The White House confirmed Monday that a summary of the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on the CIA's post-9/11 torture program would be released Tuesday, despite reports that some in the Obama administration had pressured the panel to delay the document's controversial release.
"We have heard from the committee that they do intend to release the report tomorrow," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said in a briefing. "The timing of the release is something that has always been up to the committee. This is a decision that they have made."
Earnest said the administration has been preparing for the report's release for months, noting that there are "some indications" that its unveiling will put U.S. facilities around the world at greater risk for some kind of attack. Many have raised concerns about blowback, especially in locations overseas where the CIA used enhanced interrogation tactics against foreign nationals.
But, Earnest added, the administration has taken steps to ensure that proper security precautions are in place at those facilities.
Tuesday’s release will mark the end, for now, of the bitterly fought battle over the document waged between the White House, its chief intelligence agency and the Senate panel. Even though the committee voted in April to declassify the report's summary, the public revelation was held up by protracted disputes over information that the White House and CIA wanted to keep secret, but that the Senate committee wanted to publicize. After months of tense negotiations, the two sides came to an agreement last week.
Monday’s announcement came amidst a flurry of preparations in Washington as government agencies said they had issued warnings to their personnel overseas. The Defense Department said that all combatant commands had been asked on Friday to take protective measures.
U.S. Central Command, which includes countries in the Middle East that might be of particular concern, did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the measures it has put in place.
The CIA is taking its own precautions: A senior intelligence official told The Daily Beast that the agency is helping current and former staff to assess the risk of being identified in the report summary. It may be possible to use cross-referencing to discern the identities of agency employees who were involved in the program, even though the report refers to them using pseudonyms. A lawmaker quoted in The Daily Beast's report said that the CIA may transfer some personnel to new locations following the release.
The State Department has also voiced concerns about overseas diplomatic posts. Reports surfaced Friday afternoon that Secretary of State John Kerry had called Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), the chair of the intelligence panel, and pressed her to delay the document’s release.
The White House acknowledged that President Barack Obama was aware that Kerry was making the call Friday, but neither the White House nor the State Department would say whether Kerry made the call on his own or was following orders from the president.
"I will allow Secretary Kerry to explain exactly why he made the phone call," Earnest said, when asked about the call during his briefing.
“He was simply raising the fact that these are issues that are ongoing,” State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Monday. “The secretary called his former colleague to discuss the implications of the timing.”
The spokeswoman also said her department had issued warnings to its personnel overseas, and that security precautions were being taken.
“Every embassy is reviewing their own security postures and needs, we’re in close touch with them,” Psaki said. “It’s our job and our role to be as prepared as possible.”
"The whole point of that is to make sure it never happens again. ... This report should have been out a long time ago," said Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), an Intelligence Committee member who strongly favors the report's release. "The full report has 38,000 footnotes. This is meticulously documented, and I think now now the point is to put this in front of the American people so that they can get the facts."
Akbar Shahid Ahmed contributed reporting.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
Also on HuffPost:

CIA torture  contrary to our values   says Barack ObamaCIA torture  contrary to our values   says Barack Obama
Houston police searching for a toddler whose mother was found dead in a refrigeratorBy Peter Holley December 9 Follow @peterjholley
Houston police are searching for a missing 11-month-old boy and his father after the child’s mother was found dead in a refrigerator.
The mother and child were last seen a week ago at the Braeswood Oaks Apartments in southwest Houston, according to authorities. On Monday, maintenance workers noticed a strong odor coming from victim’s unit, the Houston Chronicle reported.
After entering the unit, apartment complex employees found the woman’s body inside the refrigerator, according to the Chronicle. Authorities told the paper that the woman had been stabbed to death, though there were no signs of struggle. The woman’s identity has not yet been released.
Investigators said they don’t know how long the woman’s body had been in the refrigerator; the power in the apartment had been off for several weeks due to an unpaid utility bill, the paper reported.
Now, police say the race is on to locate the victim’s son, Achilles Lambert, who may be in danger.
On Monday, the Texas Center for the Missing issued an Amber Alert for Achilles, who is believed to be with his father, 38-year-old Patrick Lambert.
Post by Texas Center for the Missing .
“We’ve been unable to contact any family to see if the child is with anyone else and that’s our biggest concern right now — making sure the boy is safe,” Sgt. Jason Robles of Houston Police Department told KPRC Houston .
Police concluded victim is the child’s mother because of evidence found inside the apartment. They have not yet named a suspect in her death.
“It’s very sad,” longtime resident Susan Washington told the Chronicle. “This is a very quiet apartment complex. Everybody comes together when something is going on.”
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Korean Air CEO s daughter resigns after row over serving nutsKorean Air CEO's daughter resigns after row over serving nuts
AFP
print
Cho Hyun-ah, Korean Air's vice president responsible for cabin service and the oldest child of Korean Air chairman Cho Yang-ho, answers reporters' question during a news conference in Incheon. (AP Photo)
The daughter of Korean Air's CEO resigned Tuesday after being widely criticised for having the chief purser kicked off a plane because of the way she had been served some nuts.
Cho Hyun-Ah, a top executive in Korean Air's in-flight service, forced the New York-Seoul flight to return to its gate last Friday to remove the most senior member of the crew, causing the plane to be delayed.
Her behaviour attracted heavy criticism in South Korea, where she was accused of being petty and arrogant, and even prompted a state probe over a possible breach of aviation safety laws.
"I feel so sorry for our customers and South Koreans for causing such trouble... and seek forgiveness from the people who might have been hurt by me," Cho, 40, said in a statement released by Korean Air.
"I will resign from all my posts at Korean Air to take responsibility for the incident," she was quoted as saying.
Korean Air CEO Cho Yang-Ho immediately accepted her resignation, according to the statement.
Korean Air's spokespersonn told AFP that Cho would retain the title of vice president even though she no longer had any official role in the company, adding it was not clear whether she would hold any responsibilities in the future.
The Seoul flight had just left its gate at New York's JFK airport on Friday when the incident occurred.
Cho, sitting in first class, took exception to the arrival of some macadamia nuts she had not asked for, and to the fact that they were served in a packet rather than a bowl.
She summoned the chief purser who, according to an earlier Korean Air statement, replied with "lies and excuses" when challenged over his crew's knowledge of in-flight service procedures.
Cho then decided the chief purser was "incapable" and the plane returned to the gate where he disembarked, causing an 11-minute delay in arrival.
Korean Air -- South Korea's flag carrier -- earlier apologised for causing "inconvenience" for passengers but defended Cho's action as a "reasonable" move to improve in-flight service.
It also argued that the final decision to deplane the employee was taken by the captain.
Transport minister Suh Seoung-Hwan said earlier Tuesday the incident was being investigated and any regulatory breach would be "handled sternly".
The media backlash against Cho has been extensive.
"This ugly behaviour by the Korean Air boss's daughter puts the entire nation to shame," Seoul's top business daily, the Maeil Business Newspaper, said in an editorial.
"This is a global embarrassment for South Korea... Korean Air should punish Cho, and she should apologise to the public for disregarding passengers' safety," it said.

http://usat.ly/1wa5vNHFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Editor shift marks new era for Bloomberg News
Bloomberg News said Tuesday Matthew Winkler, editor in chief, will step down from his role and be replaced by the top newsroom boss at The Economist, John Micklethwait.  Winkler will remain with the company as
Post to Facebook
Editor shift marks new era for Bloomberg News Bloomberg News said Tuesday Matthew Winkler, editor in chief, will step down from his role and be replaced by the top newsroom boss at The Economist, John Micklethwait.  Winkler will remain with the company as Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AbjstX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Editor shift marks new era for Bloomberg News
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 10:10 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Matthew Winkler steps down as editor-in-chief at Bloomberg News, but will remain with the company as editor in chief emeritus. Photographer: Jason Alden/Bloomberg *** Local Caption *** Matthew Winkler ORG XMIT: 160063307 [Via MerlinFTP Drop]
(Photo: Jason Alden, Bloomberg)
10 CONNECT 72 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Bloomberg L.P.'s attempts to present a more consumer friendly face for its news offerings took a big leap Tuesday when it named a new editorial czar.
The appointment of John Micklethwait, editor-in-chief of The Economist, to replace Bloomberg's undisputed newsroom boss Matthew Winkler signals a hard — though not entirely surprising —  pivot toward a new corporate culture that would vigorously pursue diversity of products beyond catering to the elite of the financial world.
Winkler steps aside as Bloomberg's editor-in-chief to assume a new job as editor-in-chief emeritus, a role that would have him working directly with owner Michael Bloomberg, conducting big interviews and working with reporters to shape important stories. The soft-landing transition certainly mitigates his impact on the company's future editorial direction, but speaks volumes about the respect he generates inside the walls of the New York media company.
"Hiring Matt Winkler 25 years ago was one of the best decisions I've ever made," Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York City, said in a statement. "He has accomplished more than either of us thought possible" when they set up shop in 1989.
Under Winkler's vigilant and demanding leadership, Bloomberg News transformed from an also-ran operation in the competitive world of financial journalism to an industry giant that generates 5,000 stories a day with 2,500 journalists on payroll. The yellow-letters-on-black screen terminal, an expensive but indispensable tool for traders, analysts, economists and government offices, now includes a wide range of stories beyond stocks and bonds.
"When I was at BusinessWeek, it was amazing to watch the rise of Bloomberg," said Joyce Barnathan, former executive editor of BusinessWeek and president of the International Center for Journalists, where Winkler is a board member. "Any time they needed to add coverage of a specific topic, Bloomberg just jumped in. It was so responsive to the needs of the market. Now it's a global news powerhouse, and you have to give (Winkler) credit."
A former reporter at The Wall Street Journal, Winkler was recruited by Michael Bloomberg to lead Bloomberg News and was the principal architect of its unique editorial style and rigorous reporting requirements that rely heavily on data.
Feared and respected by reporters and editors at Bloomberg, Winkler has a reputation for having a short leash on his temper. But he's widely admired for his news instincts and relentless drive to establish "the Bloomberg Way," also the title of a how-to-report book he wrote.
"Matt brought a passion for journalism that is seen in few newsrooms and ensured the success of the operation from an early stage," said David Callaway, editor in chief of USA TODAY and a former Bloomberg reporter. "Reams of books have been written and will be written about his style, but his commitment to the improvement of our craft can never be questioned."
Focus on consumer media
Micklethwait, who oversees The Economist as its editor in chief, is not well known in the U.S., but he has overseen a news operation that Bloomberg has long admired.
"Mike's view has always been to make changes to the business when you're growing and things are going well," said Kevin Sheekey, a senior executive at Bloomberg LP. "When Mike left City Hall, he said the only two publications he would read are Bloomberg Businessweek and The Economist. He has enormous respect for John and what he's done."
Earlier this year, Bloomberg, who owns 88% of the company, formally rejoined the enterprise as its top boss and began rearranging top management after years of being away as mayor. CEO Daniel Doctoroff, who led the company while Bloomberg was in the mayor's office, plans to step down at the end of the year.
Meanwhile, Bloomberg L.P. has plans to diversify its media revenue sources by introducing new products beyond the news wire services offered to its financial data terminal customers. Guided by former Atlantic Media president Justin Smith, Bloomberg Media, a division that focuses on more consumer-friendly media properties, including TV and magazines, has introduced a new political news and analysis website and recruited online journalists to launch other digital news sites.
"What Micklethwait brings to the table is that he has been running a publication that caters more to people interested in broader business and economic stories, whereas Bloomberg News that Matt has been overseeing caters to Wall Street investors and traders," said Chris Roush, a business journalism professor at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, and a former Bloomberg journalist.
Micklethwait, who will move to New York to work at Bloomberg's headquarters in January, will be in charge of editorial content across all of its media products, including some that previously fell under Smith's portfolio and had never been under Winkler's purview. In addition to the wire service, Micklethwait will have editorial control over newsletters, magazines, opinion, television, radio and digital properties, research services, including Bloomberg Intelligence and Bloomberg Brief.
Smith, who is CEO of Bloomberg Media, will continue to report directly to Bloomberg on his division's business and strategy matters.
"This will unite all of Bloomberg's editorial content, which has expanded and diversified rapidly in recent years, and allow for greater collaboration and coordination across the company," the company said.
"I think that all media companies are trying to embrace the technology changes that are transforming our business. So bringing in a fresh voice doesn't surprise me at all," said Sarah Bartlett, dean of CUNY Graduate School of Journalism. Winkler "created one of the top brands in the world. And asking someone like John to take the rein...he's going to continue to build on it. I think it's been contemplated for some time."
The Economist Group, which owns The Economist, said it's starting to look for Micklethwait's successor and expects a new editor to be confirmed before the end of January.
Micklethwait joined the United Kingdom-based economics and politics magazine in 1987 as a finance correspondent and worked his way up. He was once the publication's business editor and United States editor, according to his bio on The Economist's website.
Micklethwait "has steered the newspaper through some extraordinarily difficult times," the group's chairman, Rupert Pennant-Rea, said in a statement. "His nine years as editor is close to the average tenure for the previous 15 editors, but none of them had to cope with the scale and pace of the changes he has handled."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AbjstX
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Watch: Kailash Satyarthi s journey to winning the 2014 Nobel Peace PrizeHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Israel Boycott Fails at American Anthropological AssociationThe AAA is known for its progressive leanings. Yet it
…rejected a proposed resolution that would oppose the academic boycott of Israel.
The association, an organization of 12,000 scholars and practitioners, voted on the motion Friday at its annual business meeting, which had 700 attendees. Fifty-two participants voted for the resolution.
Of the 24 members who spoke during debate on the motion, three-quarters opposed the resolution, arguing that it was an attempt to shut down discussion of the issue, according to a statement issued Monday from Anthropologists for the Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions.

Youth nabbed for molesting girl from ManipurYouth nabbed for molesting girl from Manipur
Uber drivers were not verified by Delhi policeUber drivers were not verified by Delhi police
Is MGNREGA Gods avatar asks BJPMPWritten by Liz Mathew | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:53 am
Lok Sabha on Tuesday witnessed a war of words between the ruling party and the opposition over the relevance of MGNREGA, with a BJP MP asking if the Act is “an avatar of God” that cannot be touched.
“If Planning Commission can be restructured, why can’t we restructure the MGNREGA and the Food Security Act? Kya yeh param brahma parameshwar ka avatar hein (Are they incarnations of God that they cannot be reshaped)?” asked BJP MP Hukum Narayan Yadav during a debate on the ‘reported’ dilution of the rural job scheme.
Present in the House during the debate, which was inconclusive, were Rural Development Minister Birender Singh and Parliamentary Affairs and Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu.
Yadav was the first speaker from BJP on the debate initiated by CPM’s Sankar Prasad Datta.
The BJP MP from Bihar’s Madhubani constituency said: “Just like you brought in one law to repeal 90-100 ancient legislation, bring a bill and scrap all the schemes under the central government and bring in new schemes for the country, for farmers, for villagers and for the poor.”
He added that if the MGNREGA funds were used to build toilets, villages would be clean by now.
“These schemes were used for swindling public money and keep names of a family in public memory,” Yadav said, taking a dig at Gandhi family. He also said PM Narendra Modi is going to fulfill dreams of Ram Manohar Lohia.
Earlier, Datta said the BJP government was trying to dilute the rural job scheme. He demanded that MGNREGA’s scope be expanded to include more districts.
He also noted that the scheme had been a boon for states like Tripura.
K H Muniyappa of the Congress, who spoke after Yadav, said the scheme has benefited the poor immensely and urged the government to strengthen it further. V Elumalai of the AIADMK called for bringing the urban poor under its ambit.

CPM says BJP  RSS using education to communalisesocietyBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:49 am
Alleging that the BJP and its ideological parent the RSS are “communalising” the society, the CPM has said they are using education as a “means for ideological indoctrination”.
“Education is used as a means for ideological indoctrination by RSS and BJP, for communalising the entire society to dovetail their strategy of establishing a Hindu Rashtra,” the CPM has said in a booklet called ‘Stop Communalisation of Education’.
The booklet claims it is the “desire” of RSS and BJP to “hegemonise the society and maintain their hold over political power” by “distorting facts and manufacturing lies”.
Drawing an analogy between Adolf Hitler who used education to “corrupt the future generations”, the CPM says, “It is the same phrase and similar ideology that inspires RSS and BJP to use education as a tool to indoctrinate the young minds with communal venom.”
“BJP and RSS want to yield power to indoctrinate the young minds so that they all come out the same and serve their objective of converting our country into a rabidly intolerant Hindu Rashtra,” it says, adding that the struggle is not only about textbooks and education but “for our present and our future”.

Herald case: Summons against Pitroda to be served throughMEABy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:47 am
A Delhi court on Tuesday said that the summons against Sam Pitroda be served through the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) in connection with the National Herald case. The court’s direction came after BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, who is the complainant in the case, informed it that summons issued against Pitroda, former chairman of National Knowledge Commission, has not been served yet. Swamy said Pitroda is presently residing in the US. “Let accused number six (Pitroda) be summoned through the MEA,” the magistrate said. The court has now fixed the matter for further proceedings on January 31. Swamy had accused Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and others of conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by paying just Rs 50 lakh by which Young India obtained the right to recover Rs 90.25 crore which the Associated Journals Limited had owed the Congress.

Raghunathji idol stolen from KullutempleWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Dharamshala |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:46 am
The priceless and much loved idol of Lord Raghunath, believed to be hundreds of years old, was stolen from its home at the Raghunathji temple in Kullu on Monday night, plunging the town into anger and gloom. The idol of Lord Hanuman and several pieces of antique jewellery were also stolen.
Raghunathji is the presiding deity of Kullu, and his chariot leads the historic Kullu Dussehra celebrations, at which some 400 idols of other deities are brought to pay obeisance to the Lord.
The theft at the temple in the 16th century Rupi palace of the erstwhile raja of Kullu was discovered early Tuesday morning. Danvendra Singh, the son of Raja Maheshwar Singh, reported the theft to police. Maheshwar Singh, a rebel BJP leader who now represents Kullu in the Himachal Pradesh assembly as an MLA of his Himachal Lokhit Party, is the chief kardar (servant) of Lord Raghunath. He met Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh on Tuesday, and the CM made a suo motu statement in the assembly, currently in session at Dharamshala, saying strenuous efforts were being made to nab the culprits.
The thieves, who appeared to have broken into the temple from its roof using a rope, took away a gold locket, the gold-plated ‘Narasimha Shila’ stone, a silver idol of Ganesh, a pair of ‘charan padukas’, a silver ‘aachmani’, a silver shankh stand, a gold chain and several other antique items apart from the idols of Raghunathji and Hanuman. Thieves had broken into the temple earlier in January too, but had failed to take away any idols. The temple employs private security personnel. Former chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said, “The thieves used the same modus operandi as in January this year. Ironically no lessons were learnt from the earlier incident. CCTV security cameras were put up in the temple complex, but there were none in the temple itself or its sanctum sanctorum.”
The Chief Minister accepted that it was a serious lapse, and that greater vigil ought to have been kept after the January incident.
The superintendent of police, Kullu and other senior officers visited the spot. Six special teams and a dog squad have been put on the job to track down the thieves. Police have registered cases under IPC sections 457 (trespass and break-in) and 380 (theft), and all districts have been put on alert. Director General of Police Sanjay Kumar said, “Investigations are being done along scientific lines using all inputs. It is difficult to estimate the value of the stolen idols.” He said that the temple was in the private palace, to which no one except Maheshwar Singh’s family and the priests had access.

Maoists should be treated as terrorists: Chattisgarh toMHAWritten by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:43 am
Days after the Maoist attack in which 13 CRPF personnel were killed in Sukma, Chhattisgarh on Tuesday told the Ministry of Home Affairs that “Maoists should be treated as terrorists”. In a meeting convened to discuss the new draft Naxal policy being framed by the NDA government, Chhattisgarh DGP A N Upadhyay, who was representing the state, said that not only the rebels but their frontal organisations should also be kept under tight scrutiny. CRPF was of the view that a battalion should be raised in each of the affected states comprising local tribal population.
All the stakeholders wanted better air support for the forces during anti-Maoist operations. DGPs of nine other Left Wing Extremism (LWE) affected states and heads of central armed police forces like CRPF, BSF, ITBP and SSB also attended the meeting chaired by Home Secretary Anil Goswami.
“The Chhattisgarh DGP, who spoke the longest, was of the view that Maoists should be treated as terrorists. He also said the ministry could not dictate the tactics to be adopted on field to the states,” said a senior official who attended the meeting. Despite repeated attempts, Upadhyay could not be reached for his comments. The draft Naxal policy was circulated to all the 10 affected states and forces for their views.

Capitol Hill Reacts to Release of CIA Torture ReportHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Who s spending the mostwho s spending the most
Odisha Govt in talk with traders to resolve strikeOdisha Govt in talk with traders to resolve strike
Putin for reversing decline in bilateral trade with IndiaPutin for reversing decline in bilateral trade with India
House moves drought relief bill  helps CaliforniaHouse moves drought relief bill  helps California
British royal couple pays respects at New York s September 11 MemorialBritish royal couple pays respects at New York s September 11 Memorial
Mark Zuckerberg Takes A Whack At Apple In New Interviewreddit
If Apple were truly looking out for its customers' best interests, it would charge a lot less for its gadgets, Mark Zuckerberg said in a recent interview with Time magazine.
"A frustration I have is that a lot of people increasingly seem to equate an advertising business model with somehow being out of alignment with your customers," the Facebook CEO told Time in an interview that will be in the magazine's Dec. 15 issue. "I think it's the most ridiculous concept. What, you think because you're paying Apple that you're somehow in alignment with them? If you were in alignment with them, then they'd make their products a lot cheaper!"
Zuckerberg's comments come about three months after Apple CEO Tim Cook slammed free online services in an open letter he wrote in the wake of the iCloud privacy and security scandal. At the time, Apple was under fire for a hack that exposed nude photos of celebrities.
Cook attempted to play up Apple's dedication to its customers by saying that some of its rivals who offer free services turn their customers into products by using them to sell ads.
"When an online service is free, you're not the customer. You're the product," Cook wrote. And while he didn't call out any companies by name, many interpreted the comments to be directed at tech giants such as Google and Facebook.
"Our business model is very straightforward: We sell great products," he continued. "We don't build a profile based on your email content or web browsing habits to sell to advertisers. We don't 'monetize' the information you store on your iPhone or in iCloud. And we don't read your email or your messages to get information to market to you."
Apple did not respond to The Huffington Post's requests for comment Sunday morning.
This concept of the customer being the product is one that upstarts like Ello have tried to capitalize on. In its mission statement, the ad-free social network that bills itself as the anti-Facebook tells users that on Ello, "You are not a product."
Zuckerberg isn't too concerned about the competition. As Wired noted back in September, Ello will eventually have to find a way to make money, whether that's by charging users or collecting donations.
"Our mission is to connect every person in the world. You don't do that by having a service people pay for," Zuckerberg said.
More:

Infosys shares fall 3 pct as founders said to sellshares‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
Shares in India’s Infosys Ltd  fell 3 percent in pre-open trading on Monday following reports that some of its founders were selling shares in the software services exporter worth $1.1 billion.
Four of the founders of Infosys are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 rupees each, a 4 percent discount to Friday’s close, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
TAGS: Infosys
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

BSE Sensex eases further on selling in ITsector‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
The benchmark BSE Sensex declined further by 20 points in early trade today on selling mainly in IT sector amid lower Asian cues and foreign capital outflows.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 109.45 crore last Friday, as per provisional data.
The 30-share index Sensex resumed lower at 28,433.00 and hovered in a range of 28,494.85 and 28,380.93 before quoting at 28,438.36 points at 1000 hours.
It showed a loss of 19.74 points or 0.07 per cent from its last close.
The NSE 50-share Nifty also moved down by 9.85 points or 0.12 per cent to 8,528.45 at 1000 hours.
Major losers were Infosys (3.72 pct), TCS (1.81 pct), Dr Reddy’s Lab (1.23 pct), SSLT (1.12 pct) and Hindalco (0.80 pct).
Asian stocks were trading mostly lower in their early trade after disappointing data from Japan and China.
Key benchmark indices in Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea and Indonesia were off 0.01 to 0.6 per cent while indices in Japan, China and Hong Kong were up 0.08 to 1.42 per cent.
However, US stocks rose last Friday lifting the Dow and S&P 500 to a record high as investors embraced a stronger-than-forecast November payrolls report as backing the view that the economy can handle rate hikes by the Federal Reserve in 2015.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Infosys Stock Market
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

ThyssenKrupp and Chicago s role in building sideways-moving elevatorsThyssenKrupp's cable-free elevator system allows multiple cars and horizontal movement in a single shaft.
ThyssenKrupp's cable-free elevator system allows multiple cars and horizontal movement in a single shaft. (ThyssenKrupp)
Caption Patrick Bass, CEO, ThyssenKrupp North America
ThyssenKrupp
Patrick Bass is pictured between the Twin elevator (left) at the ThyssenKrupp Headquarters in Essen, Germany and a more traditional elevator (right).
Patrick Bass is pictured between the Twin elevator (left) at the ThyssenKrupp Headquarters in Essen, Germany and a more traditional elevator (right). (ThyssenKrupp)
By Meg Graham , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
ThyssenKrupp and how a sideways-moving elevator could inspire changes in the design of buildings
ThyssenKrupp wants to turn elevators sideways, move people around faster and fix products before they break.
The company, whose North American headquarters is in Chicago, unveiled the latest in a crop of new innovations in late November — an elevator that could move sideways in addition to up and down. The Multi system would use magnetic levitation technology with linear motors to move elevators through a circuit.
Incoming CEO Patrick Bass will tackle Multi and other projects beginning Jan. 1 when he takes the helm at ThyssenKrupp North America.
Multi - the world's first rope-free elevator system
ThyssenKrupp is developing a rope-free elevator system to enable the building industry to face the challenges of global urbanization.
ThyssenKrupp is developing a rope-free elevator system to enable the building industry to face the challenges of global urbanization.
See more videos
“Our headquarters in Chicago is a hub to help maximize and leverage and look at the innovations we can bring,” he said. “Which also matches nicely to the footprint and direction for Chicago — of wanting to go from the traditional industrial Rust Belt city to now: a technological, innovation-driven center.”
He says Multi would fit into that. The system would decrease elevator wait times to a maximum of 30 seconds, cut buildings’ elevator footprint by up to half and conserve energy. 

SpiceJet shares sink nearly13%Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode
Shares of budget carrier SpiceJet tumbled nearly 13 per cent in early trade today amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
SpiceJet’s stock tanked 12.85 per cent to Rs 13.90 at the BSE. Later, the stock recovered some of the lost ground with shares trading lower by 3.45 per cent at Rs 15.40.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA last week withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier’s pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources have said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a “going concern”.
Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
“We are running through a lot of turbulent weather…not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned,” Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on back-foot amid reports that Airport Authority of India has put it on cash-and-carry.
In a clarification, SpiceJet in a filing to the BSE today said “We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a “Cash-and-Carry” payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media.”
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.
TAGS: Ashok Gajapathi Raju SpiceJet
More from markets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5pct‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
Indian markets logged their worst single-session drop in eight weeks today with Sensex plunging about 339 points and Nifty slipping 100 points on losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold USD 1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips like TCS, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddys, Hindalco and Tata Steel counters dropped in 2-4 per cent range. L&T, RIL and Tata Motors were also under pressure.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell to touch the day’s low of 28,097.12 following fall in recent outperformers like HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. However, the index attempted to rebound as it touched the session’s high of 28,494.85 on value buying.
Participants, however, later again resorted to selling, spread over a broad front. Sensex settled the day at 28119.40, down 338.70 points, or 1.19 per cent. On Friday, it had slipped 104.72 points on profit-selling. This 338.7-point drop is its worst since October 16 when it fell 349.99 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty dipped below the key 8,500-mark by tumbling 100.05 points, or 1.17 per cent, to close, at 8,438.25. Intra-day, it traded in a range between 8,432.25 and 8,546.35. This was also its worst drop since October 16 (fall of 115.80 points).
“The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell USD 1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Infosys counter fell 4.88 per cent, the worst performer in Sense,. TCS tumbled 2.51 per cent and Wipro shed 1.62 per cent in line with weak trend in IT shares.
Shares of metal companies, including Sesa, Hindalco and Tata Steel, faced selling after weak Chinese trade data.
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 3.18 per cent, followed by Teck 2.58 per cent, Realty 1.80 per cent, Capital Goods 1.72 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.41 per cent. Overall, 11 of the 12 sectoral indices ended in red.
Pressure was also seen in smaller stocks. BSE Small cap index ended 0.87 per cent down while the Mid-cap index shed as much as 1.22 per cent.
Global cues were mixed with Asian bourses ending higher and Europe was down in its opening trades.
Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 109.45 crore on Friday as per provisional data.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Mutual fund assets drop by Rs 5 344 crore to Rs 10.9 lakh crore inNovemberGold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode
The asset base of mutual fund industry dropped by Rs 5,344 crore to Rs 10.90 lakh crore in November mainly on account of outflow from ‘money market’ segment.
The country’s 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10,90,309 crore at the end of November 30, 2014, down from Rs 10,95,653 crore in the preceding month, according to the data by Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
The AUM data for individual fund house is not being disclosed.
Industry experts said the monthly decline in AUM is largely on account of withdrawal from money market or liquid segment.
Liquid or money market (debt-oriented mutual fund schemes) segment witnessed an outflow of Rs 52,460 crore during the month.
Overall, mutual funds (MF) saw a net pullout of Rs 25,628 crore.
The assets managed by mutual funds had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore mark for the first time in May on the back of a sustained rally in markets after the formation of a new government at the Centre.
TAGS: Association Of Mutual Funds In India
More from markets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Reliance Industries among Barclays top 133 stock picks for2015Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays’ top 133 stock picks from across the world for 2015.
Other Indian firms in the list include HDFC Bank, homegrown pharma major Lupin and Voltas.
In its report ‘Global Top Picks’, Barclays expects the current bull market in global equities to continue, generating a total return of 9 per cent in 2015.
RIL was the only stock pick in energy segment in Asia, while Bharti and Lupin were the only ones in telecommunication and healthcare segments.
HDFC Bank shared space with China Cinda Asset Management Co, China Life and China Resources while TCS had Lenovo, LG, Media Tek and Largan Precision for company under technology head.
Barclays’ global picks included 54 US stocks, 40 from Europe and Middle East, 23 from Asia (excluding Japan) and 16 from Japan.
Predicting nearly doubling of earnings per share (EPS) and return on capital employed (ROCE) for RIL by 2021, it said the catalysts for growth should fall into place in the next 6 to 12 months as the company completes its USD 16 billion refining and petrochemical projects and launches its USD 12 billion telecom project.
“A rebound in domestic (oil and gas) exploration and production (E&P) may help too should the government reassess its gas price decision,” it said, adding, “the macro environment appears supportive as well with downstream margins rising despite lower oil prices.”
It expects RIL to launch its telecom venture by early 2015, the first module of its pet-coke gasification project (one of its two key downstream projects) in September 2015 and the new refinery off-gas based olefin cracker by March 2016.
On HDFC Bank, Barclays said the bank “remains well positioned to benefit from a macro recovery owing to its strong deposit franchise, clean balance sheet and increased investment spending.”
Retail growth has been broad-based across key segments (personal loans, credit cards), and about 80 per cent of its fees are retail-related (which is best-in-class), it said, adding that HDFC Bank had little exposure to project finance, an area of system-wide stress.
On Tata Consultancy Services, Barclays said the company is likely to outpace industry growth led by strength in large deal wins and continued efforts in account mining.
While TCS is well positioned to benefit from high-growth Infrastructure Management Services (IMS) and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) space, the company management is also focusing on increasing presence in digital technologies â€“ a key emerging area in the IT services space, it said.
Bharti Airtel, it said, is likely to be the biggest beneficiary of constructive, competitive and regulatory dynamics in the Indian telecom sector.
Barclays expects Lupin to deliver among highest revenue and earnings compounded annual growth rates and consolidate its position as one of the top generics firms in the US.
It expects a cyclical rebound in earnings for Voltas from recovery in project segment margins as low-margin orders are completed and high-margin orders commence apart from continued strength in the cooling product business aided by market share gains.
“At the start of 2014, investors were concerned about how risk assets would adjust to less accommodative central bank policies across the world, and Fed policy withdrawal in particular.
“Defying expectations, asset prices moved in opposite direction to the consensus view: fixed income rallied and US equities outperformed,” Barclays said in the report.
Weak growth outside the US, low oil prices and deflationary pressures should allow for easy monetary policy to continue in Europe and Japan, it added.
TAGS: Barclays Bharti Airtel Reliance Industries
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Why do large companies innovateWhy do large companies innovate?
Why do large companies innovate?
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, talks about why successful large companies continue to innovate. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, talks about why successful large companies continue to innovate. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)

A social network of smart farmers in themaking'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
How many farmers have smartphones? Do they have phones that will enable them to do much more than just send an SMS for accessing various agri services. The organisers of ‘Kisan’, one of the largest privately-organised agri show in the country, are hoping to find this out.
Kisan Forum Pvt Ltd has for the first time developed mobile apps for the farmers. Farmers can register for the event using this app on their smartphones and pay the entry fee using the app which gets them a greenpass to walk into the show instead of queuing up for an entry ticket at the crowded entrance counters.
There is more they can do  on the  app once they enter the show. The app is an interactive networking platform, which will help them locate and  meet like-minded farmers, meeting those with similar concerns or just touch base with someone with common interests. They can also meet any of the 300-odd exhibiting companies at the dedicated  Kisan Samvaad lobbies using the app. If it works it could mean beginning of a new social network for farmers on the smartphone.
Earlier, Niranjan Deshpande, convenor of the Kisan  agri show, used to connect with farmers using the humble postcards and graduated to inland letters. Later he tried out email-based registration for farmers but the limited internet and broadband penetration meant fewer farmers logged in through this route, he says.
While this option is still available, Kisan also experimented with SMS registration last year, which was accepted well by farmers. So to take this further and explore whether farmers have moved to smart phones, Kisan has taken the app route. Kisan has a database of eight lakh farmers. A database built over holding 21 such Kisan shows in the past two decades. They have a large sample to go by at the this year’s show. Around 1.25 lakh to 1.5 lakh farmers are expected to attend the show from across the country.  As of now around 1,500 people have registered using the mobile apps. He expects the numbers to scale up closer to the event date.
One of the biggest challenges for agri companies is that the cost of reaching farmers across the country is very expensive and if the gaps can be removed much more can be done, says Deshpande. Better link with farmers would mean they will have faster access to technology, innovations and developments, explains Deshpande.
Earlier it used to take around five years for technology to dissemination but now this has been brought down to around a year for the technology or products to reach farmers at the ground level. With smart phones this could be further reduced.
The Kisan show will be held from December 10 to 14 at the International Exhibition Centre at Moshi in Pune  on the Pune-Nashik highway. Neary 300 agriculture- related companies would be participating. This includes 40 international companies, most of them making agri equipment.
“There is hunger for technology. Farmers are more curious than before and are less resistant to change. They are now willing to experiment,” says Deshpande as he hopes the apps will be a new way to reach out to farmers and build a social network of farmers.
TAGS: Farmers
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

BJP yet to give ECI details of donations above Rs 20 000BJP yet to give ECI details of donations above Rs 20,000
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 12:11 AM IST
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is the only national party that has not yet given the Election Commission of India (ECI) details of its donation receipts above Rs 20,000 in 2013-14. Among the recognised regional ones, only 17 of the 45 parties have given reports on the donations received by them, says the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR).
The Representation of the People Act, 1951, says “…the report for the financial year under sub-section (1) shall be submitted by the treasurer of a political party or any other person authorised by the political party in this behalf before the due date for furnishing a return of its income of that financial year under Section 139 of the Income-tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961), to the Election Commission.” Since the due date for submission of the parties’ audited income-tax returns was October 31, the BJP and 28 recognised regional parties have defaulted on their donation reports by more than a month. The Bharatiya Janata Party had declared the highest amount of Rs 83.19 crore from 2,941 donations during 2012-13.
The Association for Democratic Reforms also says the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) declared it had received no donations of above Rs 20,000 during 2013-14 and filed the report on September 13, while the Nationalist Congress Party filed its report on September 17 declaring receipts from 15 donors. The Communist Party of India filed its report on September 23, declaring receipt of donations above Rs 20,000 from 44 people. The Communist Party of India (Marxist) CPM and the Congress party on September 30 filed their reports, declaring receipts from 70 and 712 donors, respectively.
The Congress has not listed permanent account number (PAN) details of donors in its report. So, it will not be possible to follow the money trail. PAN is part of the Election Commission of India format for filing returns.
There were 182 donations to the Congress through bank transfers where the details of bank (name, location, etc) and the PAN details of donors were unavailable. Also, there were a total of 64 donations made to the party in cash that contained no details of PAN, so would remain untraceable.

What s the Forecast for Women Entrepreneurs in 2015"So often people are working hard at the wrong thing. Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard."
-- Caterina Fake
"Starting and growing a business is as much about the innovation, drive and determination of the people who do it as it is about the product they sell."
-- Elon Musk
This past year has been a banner year for bootstrapping women in entrepreneurship. We have stormed the proverbial glass ceiling , and written about it all over the exponentially growing blogosphere. We have uncovered the truth about Maslow's Hierarchy in the Digital Age of technology driven startups. We've attempted to add our voice to the call for gender equality in Silicon Valley . We've tried to follow the 10 Commandments of Communication in Business.
We've all worked hard while asking ourselves quietly:
Are we working on the right things?
Time will tell what impact the myriad of voices, services, products, mentorship, and sponsorship of women entrepreneurs all had on our shared economy in 2014. As we look ahead to 2015, we can try to give ourselves entrepreneurial resolutions. We can write a to-do list that is actionable, doable, and necessary. Long term. So that we are better prepared as we usher in a new era. One where becoming agents of change truly matters.
So what should we aspire to accomplish? What will we achieve?
1. We will engage in more human and humane social media interactions that show us trying to connect, that are actually helpful, and are not just attention grabbing.
Content curation and creation will not just be a digital marketing ploy. It will be imbued with purpose ; the purpose being to teach, to inspire, and to connect .  It will provide thought leadership on a variety of subjects to a variety of people looking to use social media as a collaborative platform and as a personal branding runway for social entrepreneurship embedded within their core entrepreneurial missions.
2. We will promote more effective collaboration for better ecosystems.
We will take more advantage of the globalization of communications and education, and actively seek to promote a more collaborative economy. We will visit , join, and start ecosystems within the entrepreneurial arena. We will work together to prove this truth: Product perception and "street cred" re: one's services are commodities which are generated through authentic collaboration, not just social media marketing blitzes and endless networking meetings.
3. We will take advantage of the plethora of self education opportunities out there to launch a better product/service through preparation and virtual mentorship.
We will achieve this through availing ourselves of various educational technology, social technology, podcasts , websites , books , and TED Talks . Ongoing learning has never been more accessible or interesting! Ongoing learning can make all the difference in our ability to weather the coming technological firestorm of change heralding in a new future of work and age of machine learning .
4. We will lead more readily, and globally help more women lead and communicate their intent to be agents of change.
I believe that social good is the new frontier for all entrepreneurs, not just those interested in civic engagement or social corporate responsibility. I believe that it takes authenticity, communication , collaboration, and empowering others to awaken a person's inner leader and help him/her tap into the skills needed to survive in an imminent workplace reliant on The Internet of Things . Some say there is a leadership crisis . I say there is a misunderstanding on what leadership and its core competencies are.
There is still much to be said on the changing status of entrepreneurship for women, and many questions left unsaid. But the most important one to ask right now is this:
Will we be ready?
Follow Penina Rybak on Twitter: www.twitter.com/PopGoesPenina
More:

Abercrombie & Fitch CEO Retires Amid Sluggish Salesabercrombie & fitch ceo retires amid sluggish sales
Kashmir records 58% polling  despite Friday s terror attacksKashmir records 58% polling, despite Friday's terror attacks
Archis Mohan | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 12:21 AM IST
Electors in Jammu & Kashmir remained largely unfazed by last week’s terrorist attacks, as the state on Tuesday recorded 58 per cent voter turnout in the third phase of Assembly polls. Polling took place for 16 seats, all of which were in the Kashmir Valley.
Jharkhand, the other state that went to polls, recorded nearly 61 per cent polling in its third phase. Two more phases of polling remain in both states; counting of votes is scheduled for December 23.
In J&K, Tuesday’s turnout was less than the 72 per cent in the first two phases but nine percentage points higher than the 49 per cent in the 2008 Assembly polls. With Tuesday’s polling covering three districts, voting has been completed in 49 of the 87 Assembly constituencies. The fourth and fifth phases will take place on December 14 and 20.
The only incident of violence reported was a petrol bomb attack by unidentified persons at a polling station in Gulmarg. Polling, otherwise, was largely peaceful in Baramulla, Pulwama and Budgam districts of North, South and central Kashmir.
Charar-e-Sharief in Budgam district recorded the highest turnout of 82.74 per cent, against 74.58 in 2008. Sopore, home town of hardline Hurriyat Conference Chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani, who spearheaded an election boycott campaign, saw the lowest of 30 per cent. This, however, was higher than the 19.95 per cent in 2008.
The Uri constituency in Baramulla district, which witnessed the attack on an army camp on Friday that left 11 security personnel and six militants dead, recorded a 79 per cent turnout. In the previous Assembly polls, the constituency had seen 81.73 per cent voting.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah’s constituency, Beerwah in Budgam district,  locked in a multi-cornered contest, recorded a polling increase of nearly 17 percentage points over last Assembly elections. The constituency recorded 74.14 per cent voting, compared with 57.17 per cent in 2008.
The 17 Assembly constituencies that went to polls in Jharkhand saw an overall voter turnout of 60.69 per cent. No major incidents of violence were reported.

India among moderate-performers on climate c...Climate Action Network Europe
(India was ranked 31 in terms…)
LIMA (PERU): India has been named as a moderate-performing country in combating climate change with Australia being the worst in this sphere, according to a report released at climate negotiations here.
India was ranked 31 in terms of its performance in tackling climate change among the world's top 58 emitters of greenhouse gases.
"India climbs five places and continues to profit from the very low level of per capita emissions, but overall CO2 emissions have risen constantly over the past five years to about 40per cent," said the Climate Change Performance Index 2015 report by Germanwatch and Climate Action Network (CAN) Europe.
Australia was the worst performing industrial country in terms of climate change in 2014, the report says.
The report by two non-government organisations said the poor ranking was due in part to policy changes made by the current coalition government.
The Climate Change Performance Index ranks emissions and climate policies of the 58 highest CO2 emitters worldwide.
It ranked Denmark as the best performing nation, followed by Sweden and the UK. Saudi Arabia ranked last on the index.
It said Australia's conservative government had kept its election promises to reverse a number of climate policies.
"As a result, the country lost a further 21 positions in the policy evaluation compared with last year (2013), thus replacing Canada as the worst performing industrial country," the report said.
The report was released within the confines of the UN climate talks in Lima at the start of the second week of negotiations.
The talks are aiming to establish the draft text of a new international climate change agreement to be signed by all countries at the next major talks in Paris in late 2015.
The index covers the performance of countries across five areas - the level of emissions, the trends in emissions, energy efficiency, renewable energy policies and the approach to climate change at national and international levels.
Last month a UN environment programme report named Australia alongside Canada, the US and Mexico as the only countries that were likely to miss their current 2020 targets to cut emissions.
The 2014 Emissions Gap report said the scrapping of Australia's carbon price meant the country was "no longer on track" to meet its target to cut emissions by 5 per cent by 2020.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US on alert ahead of CIA  torture report  releaseprint
Security for US facilities and individuals overseas has been stepped up ahead of the release of a report on the CIA’s interrogations methods, expected on Tuesday.
The report compiled by the senate intelligence committee is expected to say the CIA and its supporters grossly exaggerated the usefulness of those methods, essentially torture.
The spy agency differs. Former CIA officials have said key intelligence leading to the Osama bin Laden raid in Abbottabad came from the use of these methods.
A view of the CIA building. Photo : Agencies
President Barack Obama ended them in his first week in office in 2009. He wants the report to be released. But there are some concerns about its timing — secretary of state John Kerry tried to get more time, but failed.
“There are some indications that the release of the report could lead to a greater risk that is posed to US facilities and individuals all around the world, so the administration has taken the prudent steps to ensure that the proper security precautions are in place at US facilities around the globe,” said White House spokesman Josh Earnest on Monday.
Officials insisted preparations for handling the backlash, in any, have been on for a while ever since the release of the report became a possibility. They were re-emphasized last week.
State department spokesperson Jen Psaki said, “all chiefs of mission were asked to review their mission security posture in advance of the upcoming release of the report” several months ago.
“That was something that we reiterated again over the last couple of days given the likely pending release,” she added.
The senate committee is expected to release a 500-page summary of the report, which runs into about 6,300 pages. A 100-page declassified version of the CIA response is also expected to be made public at the same time.
The CIA has been opposed to release of the report fearing consequences for those named, even by their aliases — won’t be hard to make out who is who among them, they have argued.
The spy agency used these methods in the war against terror in the aftermath of 9/11, and claims it has had all the necessary authorization — and the Bush administration agrees.
“We’re fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf,” said George W Bush, who authorized them, in a TV interview. “These are patriots and whatever the report says, if it 'inishes their contributions to our country, it is way off base.”

Bloomberg Editor Winkler to Shift RolesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Two previous rape cases  two molestation charges: Uber driver has a tainted pastComments
When the news of Uber cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav's arrest reached Ram Nagar village in Uttar Pradesh's Mainpuri, residents celebrated and women distributed halwa and prayed at the Shiv temple. The picture they painted of the 32-year-old was of a notorious serial sexual offender who terrorised women and had even been banished from the district.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
Yadav, who allegedly raped a woman who took his cab in Delhi on Friday, was arrested in Mainpuri in 2013 on rape charges but released on bail six months later. Delhi Police have already revealed his involvement in another previous case of rape in 2011, for which he spent seven months in Tihar jail but was let off after the case fell.
Official records show Yadav has a string of criminal complaints against him, including two molestation cases, but managed to obtain a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged .
He escaped each time due to lack of evidence - something that seemed to embolden him.
Adding to his long list of criminal transgressions, another woman came forward on Tuesday, saying she had filed a complaint against him with Uber barely a month ago but the cab company had taken no action.
"I was coming from Chandni Chowk and the driver started staring at me lecherously through the rear view mirror. The situation got so bad that I had to hide behind the seat to avoid his stares. I later filed a written complaint with Uber but no action was taken," US-based Nidhi Shah, who took the cab on November 26, told NDTV.
Shah also shared her experience on Twitter. She said she received a reply from Uber saying "someone will have a chat with the driver", but there was no further follow-up.
"I blame myself for not taking the complaint seriously. Maybe if I had insisted on stricter action, the (rape) incident could have been avoided," she told the TV channel.
Residents of Ram Nagar village, where Yadav grew up, say he terrorised local women, who dreaded stepping out of their homes after dusk if he was in the village. 
"He is a compulsive sex offender. You won't find a single household in this village whose women he hasn't teased or molested. I know no less than 26-27 cases that never reached the police," said resident Kushun Singh.
Tehsildaar Singh, another villager, said, "Six months ago, he sneaked into the village, pinned down a girl and blackmailed his father into buying him a car. When his father refused, he climbed a tree with a noose around his neck... His father relented."
Delhi cab rape: 'Uber's image last concern, want to see justice done'
This was the same car he used to allegedly rape the 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi on Friday night.
"Police had barred him from entering Mainpuri. Though people are terrified, they seldom lodge any criminal complaint because they believe it will bring a bad name to the village," said a police officer.
Despite his criminal past, Yadav had managed to forge a character certificate for an all-India tourist permit for his Maruti Swift Dzire.
Yadav's family wants nothing to do with him. "A mother doesn't expect her son to commit such a demonic act. In the past, we did our best to bring him on the right path. It is time now for him to pay for his crime," Ganga Shri, 70, said.
Mahendra Yadav, his former teacher, said, "His father wanted him to pursue engineering. He was a good student till Class 10."
 
Yadav's name entered police books in 2003, when he was 21, for allegedly molesting and assaulting a girl in Mainpuri. From that year to 2009, he was booked several times under the Goonda Act and charged with carrying illegal firearms.
 
On December 13, 2011, the son of a college principal was arrested for allegedly raping a young passenger at Chhatarpur in Delhi. The girl had hired his cab to take her home from a dance bar in Gurgaon.
But, inconsistencies in her statement led to Yadav's acquittal in November next year because the crime couldn't be established beyond reasonable doubt.
 
Yadav was again accused of raping a girl in Mainpuri in 2013. He was arrested after a case was registered with Elau police station but later released on bail.
He became more daring over time. He was charged early this year with molestation and assault of a woman in the Elau area of Mainpuri, where he had already faced eight separate criminal charges. Again he escaped with a rap on the knuckles because of lack of evidence.
Yadav says it was consensual sex: Cops
The police said Yadav was claiming it was a consensual encounter for which he had agreed to pay the Delhi woman the Rs. 20,000 she allegedly demanded. "He claims that after consensual sex, the woman demanded Rs. 50,000 and when he refused to pay up, she threatened to go to the police," an investigating officer said.
According to sources in the Delhi Police, Yadav also gave his interrogators a detailed account of the 'sexual cruelty' he subjected the woman to for almost an hour - slapping her thrice, attempting to strangle her and threatening to insert an iron rod in her, even as she cried for mercy and pleaded saying she was getting married in January.
Police sources said Yadav showed no remorse, was behaving casually and his only demand was 'low-sugar' Marie biscuits with his tea. He was on Tuesday taken to Mathura, where his clothes and two mobile phones were recovered.
"While hiding in Mathura, Yadav was in constant touch with two lawyers. One advised him against undergoing an identification parade  while the other suggested he leave the country and flee to Nepal," the officer said.
Watch: Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime

Complained against Uber cabbie last month: US-based womanUber received complaint about rape accused driver from another woman
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 21:54 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:50 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
A US-based woman came forward on Tuesday saying she had filed a complaint with Uber against the driver, accused of raping a 25-year-old executive, almost a week ago. However, no action was taken by the app-based cab hailing service, she alleged.
Shiv Kumar Yadav has been sent to police custody after the reported attack on Friday, when the woman said he raped her in his taxi, threatened to insert a metal rod inside her and ordered her not to tell authorities about the incident.
Nidhi Shah, who took Yadav's cab on November 26, first revealed her experience with Yadav on Twitter. In a series of tweets, Shah posted pictures of the taxi receipt, which had the driver's name written on it, and of her email complaint to Uber.
"I took a cab with Shiv Kumar Yadav in Delhi on November 26, scares me beyond belief," Shah tweeted.
"I had reported Him to Uber. They replied via email that they would check on him," she wrote.
"I was coming from Chandni Chowk and the driver started staring at me and giving me lecherous glances. He kept smiling at me and looking at me using the rare view mirror. The situation became so bad that I had to hide behind the seat to avoid his stares. I later filed a written complaint with Uber but no action was taken against the driver," said Shah told NDTV.
She said she received a reply from Uber saying "someone will have a chat with the driver", but there was no further follow-up.
Shah went back to the US few days after the incident but said that the laid back attitude of people encourages such perpetrators.
 
I had reported Shiv Kumar Yadav to @Uber on Nov 26th. They said via email they would check on him. Not soon enough. #DelhiShamedAgain
— Nidhi Shah (@nps2113) December 8, 2014
 
— Nidhi Shah (@nps2113) December 9, 2014
"I blame myself for not taking the complaint seriously. Maybe if I had insisted on stricter action, the (rape) incident could have been avoided," she told the TV channel.
Uber's head of Asia operations Allen Penn told Hindustan Times his firm is deeply sorry for the woman who was sexually assaulted and will do everything to support her family.
When asked whether they check the antecedents of the drivers, Penn said his company checks vehicles and all documents in person when a driver registers with them.
"We check drivers license, commercial vehicle registration and banking information. We get that for all the drivers. We have had frequent communication with the police and we hope justice is brought. We know the documents that are required. All payments to drivers are made electronically to their bank accounts. Banks have KYC for all account holders. We will see what else can we do. We will continue to improve."
The 32-year-old has emerged as a notorious serial sexual offender and also got bail in other cases, including one that charged him with illegal possession of a gun.
Yadav was arrested in Mainpuri in 2013 on rape charges but released on bail six months later. Delhi Police have already revealed his involvement in another previous case of rape in 2011, for which he spent seven months in Tihar jail but was let off after the case fell.
Official records show Yadav has a string of criminal complaints against him, including two molestation cases, but managed to obtain a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged.

Honor the Budget Wonksreddit
One of the bitterest battles in Washington is the quadrennial squabble over who will lead the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), Congress's counterpart to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). Created in 1974, the CBO is charged with providing Congress with nonpartisan budget numbers -- how much money is coming in, how much is going out and, perhaps most importantly, how much a given legislative proposal is likely to cost. The term of the current CBO Director Doug Elmendorf will expire in January.
There are many who believe Elmendorf has done a good job and should be reappointed to another four-year term but no CBO director since the first one, Alice Rivlin, has served two terms. All of the CBO directors since Rivlin have been qualified, credible people but they can never seem to please their bosses -- the 535 members of Congress. Four years and out is the norm, and Elmendorf is unlikely to buck that trend.
The basic problem is that CBO is mandated to provide Congress with the one thing few members of Congress really want -- objective numbers. People who know CBO well, including many who have worked there, invariably testify that the employees are scrupulous to a fault avoiding any hint of partisanship. But their integrity goes unappreciated and unrewarded by the lawmakers almost all of whom are intensely partisan.
The CBO does produce some specious numbers but that is because of the often unrealistic assumptions Congress requires it to follow. When CBO "scores" a proposed piece of legislation, it must respect the assumptions of the law's authors which are more often than not exercises in wishful thinking, and sometimes efforts to conceal bargains designed to benefit generous political supporters.
At best, when lawmakers promote legislation, they want CBO to confirm there will be innumerable benefits and little or no cost. When CBO declines to participate in this scam, it is roundly condemned by the legislators, sometimes during public hearings. The CBO people have to just sit there, smile wanly and accept the whipping.
The Wall Street Journal has already commenced its predicable drumbeat of CBO bashing in an attempt to influence the selection of the next director. The Journal's beef is that CBO does not embrace "dynamic scoring" which would require it to assume that tax cuts will be offset by the increased economic activity they would presumably generate. CBO acknowledges that tax cuts can spur economic growth, but contends there is no reliable way to measure the impact.
Appointment of CBO directors rotates back and forth between the Senate and House Budget Committees. This time it is the Senate's turn. The amazing thing about this haphazard system and the conflicting pressures on CBO is that the agency somehow always retains its objectivity and integrity. When political scientists say democracy depends on credible institutions, they are talking about institutions like the Congressional Budget Office.
Jerry Jasinowski, an economist and author, served as President of the National Association of Manufacturers for 14 years and later The Manufacturing Institute. You may quote from this with attribution. Let me know if you would like to speak with Jerry.
More:

Dow  S&P 500 down but off day s lows; Nasdaq edges upWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

http://usat.ly/133G7hGEMAIL
AP
Markets are losing their smooth ride forward. Markets are down on China fears. And that  should be a wakeup call for investors to keep their eyes out for pothole stocks that could rattle them if the markets’ weakness continues.
It’s not as tough to avoid financial potholes as it sounds. There are 12 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, including office-supply seller Staples (SPLS) , Darden Restaurants (DRI) and ConAgra Foods (CAG) that not are not only trading for 8% or more over analysts’ 18-month price targets but are also rated “hold,” according to data from S&P Capital IQ and analyzed by USA TODAY.
Remember that on Wall Street, a “hold” rating really means sell.
Why should you listen to the analysts? Analysts have had a good track record this year with their price targets and recommendations. When these analysts, who know the companies better than you are warning to the shares are overvalued, caution is warranted.
So what are these perilous stocks? Take Staples, or instance. You might think the stock is safe since it’s not exactly a high flier — and shares are down nearly 9% this year. But the analysts would disagree and think that online competitions means more downside. At Tuesday’s stock price of $14.49, Staples is already trading for 12% more than its 18-month price target.
But it’s not just loser stocks getting uglier. Medical equipment maker CR Bard (BCR) is up 27% this year. You’d think a performance like that would win lots of allies. That’s why you should pay attention that the stock is already 10% past analysts’ average 18-month price target and is rated a hold.
The market’s recent trouble isn’t too scary yet. But analysts are pretty clear on the stocks they think could be the most vulnerable.
S&P 500 STOCKS TRADING 8% OR MORE ABOVE 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS AND RATED A HOLD BY ANALYSTS ON AVERAGE
Company

http://usat.ly/1AbcdCfBlackRock's Rieder: Rate hike fears 'overblown'
Adam Shell, USA TODAY 9:28 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Rick Rieder of BlackRock talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about federal fund rates and bond recommendations for 2015 at USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
The annual USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributor  Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock, in New York on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
6 CONNECT 51 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Federal Reserve will start hiking short-term interest rates in 2015, but the transition to higher borrowing costs won't lead to massive turbulence in the bond market or cause yields on longer-term bonds to skyrocket as many on Wall Street fear, predicts Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock, speaking at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
One of the big financial stories in 2015 will be the start of the Fed's move to normalize historically low rates and continue to pare back stimulus. The U.S. central bank, led by chair Janet Yellen, ended its market-friendly bond-buying program in October. And now, with the job market healing and unemployment, currently at 5.8%, expected to sink further, the Fed is expected to begin raising short-term rates for the first time since 2006. Rieder, who oversees $680 billion in assets, predicts Yellen will boost the Fed funds rate, now pegged at 0% to 0.25%, to 1%.
(On Wednesday, USA TODAY rolls out the third installment of its "Investment Roundtable" coverage with insights on the big-picture outlook for the U.S. stock market in 2015 from Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. equity & quantitative strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch.)
5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Unlike some doomsayers, Rieder, one of four top Wall Street investment strategists and money managers who sat down with USA TODAY on Dec. 5 to draw a roadmap of where financial markets are headed in 2015, struck a less ominous tone on how markets would react to a less-accommodative Fed.
For one, he downplayed a bursting of what many pundits say is a bubble in the bond market.
Rick Rieder, Managing Director, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
"The bond bubble story started about five years ago," Rieder says. "But the reason why bubbles burst is you have too much supply relative to demand. But today in the interest rate and fixed-income world you have a dynamic where you have too much demand relative to supply. And that is the inverse of what a bubble is."
The reason: In today's world most countries are deleveraging, or paying down debt or borrowing less. That translates to less leverage in the system."So what happens," Rieder says, "is you don't produce enough fixed income assets."
* What's the call?
"I think the concept, that when the Fed starts moving that it is going to be a problem for markets, is dramatically overblown," says Rieder, who manages three bond funds for BlackRock, including its Total Return Fund, its Strategic Income Opportunities Fund and Core Bond Fund. "We think that we will be in a low-rate dynamic for a very long time."
Investors, he argues, have to put the Fed's coming policy change into perspective. One thing to remember is that the coming rate-hike cycle is starting from a very low base.
"We are at 0% on the Fed funds rate, and a 0% rate suggests emergency conditions," Rieder explains. "But we are far from emergency conditions. U.S. GDP growth the last two quarters has come in at around 4%  or higher."
* What will move the market?
When it comes to Fed rate hikes, investors must pay attention to three things: the speed at which they move, the pace of the hikes and the final destination, or how high rates will be when they are done, Rieder says.
On the question of speed, Rieder expects the first rate hike in June but adds that the "window is open for them to move faster than that." But the total hike next year won't be huge, he stresses.
"When they move they will move to a 1% Fed funds rate, which on a historic basis is an incredibly low and incredibly accommodative policy."
Video Keywords Federal Reserve the Fed interest rates funds rate accommodative policy
Rick Rieder, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock, speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  You know your your part of the market is going
00:04  to be where people say a lot of the action will
00:06  be next here obviously the bond market. You know we're looking
00:10  at a big change Federal Reserve has not raise interest rates
00:14  since 2006. You know you're QE program which is the bond
00:17  buying bond buying program is thirty and it. So a lot
00:20  of people you know that stimulus was in the pipeline for
00:23  very long time now that that's the liquidity starting to move
00:27  out. And what's your general take I mean. From what I've
00:30  been reading in oak. Opening a lot of the commentaries on
00:33  the site it's Armageddon at this this this this first fed
00:36  rate hike whenever it comes is going to be in the
00:38  end the financial markets as we know what it is that
00:40  overblown or. What what's your general take on really sure what's
00:44  gonna happen here and how you know it you implement shall
00:47  it will be on markets and important in terms of turbulent.
00:50  So I think the concept of the Fed starts moving and
00:53  it's going to be a problem for markets as dramatically overblown
00:55  I think the which have to put some perspective on how
00:58  this further is gonna move and where we are from rape
01:01  or them perspective today. They where where does your percent fundraiser
01:04  percent funds or it's just emergency conditions. We are so far
01:08  from emergency conditions you you have GDP last two quarters GDP
01:11  over 4%. That's an emergency conditions if you have a fire
01:15  that you think about where this further is gonna go. And
01:17  their three ways that the Fed can move rates it's the
01:19  speed at which they move it's the pace and the destination.
01:23  Very important we think they could move faster we thank we
01:26  think they're gonna move in June. I think the windows open
01:28  from the new faster than that. That being said when they
01:31  move they're gonna move to a 1% funds rate on a
01:33  historic basis 1% is an incredibly low incredibly accommodative policy it's
01:37  not plate and it's incredibly accommodative. Then there about the pace
01:41  we think they're gonna go. Keep it under 2% for a
01:44  long time and and I think that's a very important point.
01:47  The destination where they're heading we think is ultimately lower than
01:49  it's been historically goes global growth is slowing US growth will
01:52  be slower than it's been historically. So we think the funds
01:55  rate what would be a neutral funds rate that historically it's
01:58  been 4% is under that tonight. So meaning. That rates should
02:02  move up the front end of the yield curve should move
02:04  move up. But the back end of the yield curve long
02:07  and interest rates should stay very well contained and that. Is
02:10  much more important in today's markets than the front end of
02:12  the yield curve the reason why the taper tantrum. Last year
02:15  or so devastated markets is because it was long and interest
02:18  rates have moved so much. When we start moving now it's
02:21  going to be short and interest rates that move and economist
02:24  much more sensitive today very different than fifteen years ago where
02:27  long and interest rates go.
When it comes to the pace of the hikes, Rieder thinks the Fed will keep rates "under 2% for a long time – for at least a number of years."
Most important, Rieder thinks that due to slower economic growth in the U.S. than in the past and slower growth abroad, the Fed will keep the Fed funds rate at a lower level for a longer period of time than it has historically.
So, while short rates, or bonds that mature in three or five years, will move up more "significantly," long-term interest rates – which the economy is more sensitive to – "should stay very well contained," Rieder predicts.
He says fair value on the 10-year Treasury note is 2.75% to 2.80%, or roughly half of a percentage point from Monday's closing yield of 2.26%. A move up to fair value next year is likely, he adds. But with 10-year Japanese government bonds yielding less than 0.50% and German 10-year bonds trading at 0.70%, the 10-year Treasury "looks like a steal relative to the other markets," Rieder says.
Rieder says even if the Fed ratchets up short-term rates 0.50% (or 50 basis points) or 0.75% (or 75 basis points), longer-term bonds may only see a bump up in yield of say 0.25% (or 25 basis points).
He cites a few key reasons why long-term interest rates, such as 10-year and 30-year Treasuries, won't  shoot up as dramatically as short-term rates in 2015.
For one, he only expects a "moderate move" higher in short-term rates from the Fed.
Another big factor is the need for fixed-income investments – or consistent streams of income – is bigger than ever due to demographic shifts related to an aging population.
"You have never seen in history a population globally that is aging like it is today, which means the demand for income is truly epic," says Rieder, adding that insurance companies and pension funds also have a tremendous need for income generated from bonds.
Finally, the fact that many central banks around the world, including the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan are simultaneously buying assets or doing their own form of Fed-style bond-buying known as quantitative easing, or QE, will also help "keep interest rates down for a long time."
Says Rieder: "Rates will move up, but it is very hard for rates to move up that much because of this aging population, because of the need for income and because of where the other central banks around the world are moving."
Still, despite his less bearish callr, Rieder won't rule out a tough year for bond investors, nor the possibility of investors suffering negative returns in the bond portion of their portfolios.
Diversification is key, he stresses.
"You can have zero returns or moderately negative returns in a traditional fixed-income portfolio," he says. "That is why we are big believers, that going into 2015, you have to be flexible, you have to be tactical about where you find your interest rate opportunities, and also look to take your interest rate risks in other parts of the world that are not growing as quickly as the U.S. is."
* What's the biggest risk?
With central bankers in the eurozone and Japan stimulating their economies with easy-money policies, there is a risk that monetary policy alone won't work and demand for goods and services won't pick up, Rieder warns. The right fiscal policies must also be implemented, he adds.
"Monetary policy just buys you time," Rieder says. "If the markets get a sense that it is not working, and it is just buying time and (there are) no fiscal initiatives or no real growth, then all of the markets will start to turn down."
Rieder also warns that investors that are are all crowding into many of the same trades might be at risk.
"Everybody is long the dollar, everybody is short U.S. interest rates and long European front-end interest rates," he says.
To avoid getting hurt in those trades in the event they reverse and the tide quickly moves in the other direction, Rieder says: "You have to diversify like crazy."
* Bonds to watch?
Rieder likes long-dated municipal bonds. Depending on the state one lives in, an investor can get a tax-adjusted yield of 7% to 8%.
Video Keywords Federal Reserve Bank of Japan the Fed interest rates MetLife insurance companies pension rising bond Fixed income portfolio Japan
Rick Rieder, Managing Director, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  On the tape pretension obviously can't pretend to ms. markets.
00:06  Kind of got upset. Or kind of uneasy and when the
00:10  Fed starts to extract some of you the bond buying purchases
00:14  that take it you take an app market. Thought I don't
00:18  actually remove on you. They're there is a possibility of course
00:23  you know we're in. A yield star world people are still
00:26  looking to get the game yields. But we all know and
00:29  rates rise as though also open the possibility. Bond investors perhaps
00:34  suffering that your you know negative return deal what are the
00:37  odds the possibility of people who are already looking for yield
00:39  may may be getting negative returns as your number one. And
00:43  number two just explain for you a general audience you know
00:45  how rising bond yields you know ends up you know hurting
00:49  them in the total return pack. So that's a that's as
00:53  a loan has long set of Lou one requires one set
00:56  of answers so we're there are few things to think about
00:58  one. Is is when we start moving in and as a
01:02  term of before you're gonna have a moderate move from the
01:04  Federal Reserve your thing I think is incredibly important you've never
01:07  seen in history. A population globally that's aging like it is
01:11  today which means the demand for income. It's truly epic we've
01:15  never seen this before you have to MetLife insurance companies pension
01:18  funds. There are a function of an aging population tremendous need
01:22  for income and then simultaneously. Of other central banks around the
01:26  world ECB the Bank of Japan. That are that are bought
01:29  it buying assets of the doing their own form of Huey.
01:32  And are gonna keep interest rates down for a long time
01:34  so the sum is very important think about in this in
01:37  this context. That rates will move up when it's very hard
01:40  for rates to move all that much because of this aging
01:43  population because the need for income. Because of where other central
01:46  banks around the world are moving so what happened. Is a
01:48  yield curve the front into the you'll privilege being distorted and
01:51  this frontman is in a short terms short term rates so
01:54  it's a three years and him. If five years and and
01:57  is where you'll start to see race that a move higher
01:59  significantly. Again exact opposite of last year. Where you were taking
02:03  85 billion dollars out of the marketplace through quantitative easing in
02:07  the long into the marketplace. Now what's going to be short
02:10  term interest or second mover so let's say short term interest
02:12  rates move up. And you move fifty to 75 basis points
02:15  higher the long and they only move up 25 basis points
02:19  or so. So you can have and what what many investors
02:22  will see in a traditional. Fixed income portfolio. If you can
02:25  have seen your returns you can have moderately negative returns and
02:28  that's certainly out there a part of what we're big believers
02:31  going in the fifteen. You have to be flexible be tactical
02:34  about where you find your interest and opportunities. And I'm also
02:37  look to take your interest rate risk and other parts of
02:39  the world that are not growing as quickly as the US's.
6 CONNECT 51 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AbcdCf
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

Lawyers: interested in amicus help for your First Amendment cases (and related statutory cases)By Eugene Volokh December 9 Follow @volokhc
A call for cases: Eugene Volokh will be at UCLA teaching a First Amendment clinic next spring and is looking for cases in which to file amicus briefs. (File photo of UCLA campus by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)
I’ll be teaching a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic at the UCLA School of Law again this coming spring, and we’re looking for some more cases in which to file our amicus briefs. We work pro bono, representing advocacy groups, academics and others. If you want to file an amicus brief in a case, or if you are litigating a case and want amicus help, please let us know.
We are open to filing such briefs
in state courts or federal courts,
in trial courts, intermediate appeals courts, or courts of last resort,
at the merits stage or at the petition for rehearing, certiorari, or other discretionary review,
in free speech or religious freedom cases, and
in federal constitutional cases, state constitutional cases, and federal and state statutory and common-law cases (e.g., involving 47 U.S.C. § 230, anti-SLAPP statutes, libel privileges, and the like).
We have filed briefs so far in state supreme, appellate and trial courts in Georgia, Minnesota, New Jersey, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin, as well as in the U.S. Supreme Court, the 2d, 4th, 5th, 7th, 8th, 9th and D.C. Circuits, and in federal district court. I have also filed non-Clinic briefs myself in California, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nebraska, New Mexico, Utah and Washington (largely in First Amendment cases) and the 7th, 8th, 9th and 11th Circuits — we know our way around the various jurisdictions pretty well.
Our clients have included the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the Student Press Law Center, the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, the Becket Fund, the ACLU of Virginia, the Cato Institute and more. We have supported clients represented by Davis Wright Tremaine; Jenner & Block; Morgan, Lewis & Bockius; Proskauer Rose; the Institute for Justice; the ACLU of Missouri; the Alliance Defending Freedom; public defenders; and others.
So if you are litigating cases in which you think we can help, please let us know at amicus clinic at law.ucla.edu — and please also let your colleagues know about this. Because of the school calendar, we would need cases in which briefs are due beginning late February 2015.
Earlier notice is better, since our docket tends to fill up quickly, and the students need time to work. Nonetheless, we sometimes have slots open up when cases are settled or delayed, so you can suggest cases as late as mid-March 2015.
Please note that we do not represent plaintiffs or defendants directly; we only represent friends-of-the-court, and only on the First Amendment and related statutory and common-law rules.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Reliance Industries forms textiles JV with Chinas ShandongRuyiBy: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:19 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 6:32 am
Reliance Industries (RIL) has announced a joint venture with China’s Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group to “reposition its textile business on a high growth path”.
As part of the deal, Mukesh Ambani-run RIL will transfer its existing textile business into a newly incorporated company, for which RIL will receive cash consideration.
RIL will own a majority 51 per cent in the proposed JV, with the balance 49 per cent owned by Shandong Ruyi. The proposed transaction is subject to regulatory approvals.
However, RIL has not disclosed the cash consideration for the deal. “RIL’s existing textile business is the founding business of RIL and operates under the well-known brand ‘Vimal’. It has a prominent presence in the Indian textile market, especially in the worsted and synthetic suiting fabric segments,” RIL said in a statement.
The JV will build on RIL’s existing textile business and wide distribution network in India and Ruyi’s state-of-the-art technology and its global reach. The JV will benefit from the strength of the ‘Vimal’ and ‘Georgia Gullini’ brands and plans to introduce some of the well-known global brands of Ruyi. Qiu Yafu, chairman, Shandong Ruyi Group, said: “…we see our joint venture with Reliance as a significant event for the group. To enter the Indian market with Reliance we truly believe is the bright future of this joint venture business.”

61% polling inJharkhandBy: Express News Service | Dhanbad |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:18 am
Parts of eight districts voted during the third phase of assembly elections in Jharkhand on Tuesday, with 17 constituencies going to polls. Though this phase had the lowest polling percentage of the three phases completed, there was cause for cheer: Ranchi turned up to vote.
Except a brief encounter between Maoists and security forces in former chief minister Babulal Marandi’s constituency Dhanwar early in the day where no one was injured, there were no major incidents. Chaibasa, where two prisoners were killed allegedly trying to escape, had voted in Phase 2.
The overall turnout was 61.35 per cent at 5 pm, up to when urban constituencies voted. In the 2009 assembly polls, these 17 constituencies had recorded a turnout of 54.85 per cent. However, in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year, the turnout was 62.69 per cent.

In hope of development  many in Beerwah throw weight behindOmarWritten by Adil Akhzer | Beerwah (budgam) |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:17 am
Unlike the family bastion of Ganderbal, a large number of voters in Beerwah seemed to have pinned their hopes on Chief Minister Omar Abdullah. Their reason: Abdullah will bring good roads, electricity and other avenues of development to the region. The spurt in support for Omar is good news for the National Conference (NC) because he is expected to face a tough contest in Sonwar constituency in Srinagar city. Abdullah is contesting from two constituencies.
Shabir Ahmad Dar, a student and resident of Gandipora village in Beerwah, says he voted for the NC because people need a good representative in the assembly. “We need better hospitals and we have other day-to-day issues. Omar is a dynamic leader and he has already changed the face of Ganderbal entirely. If he will give us a university and represents us in a better way, what else do we need?” he said.
There is, however, another view in Beerwah. Several people think they should support a contestant from an influential local political family — Nazir Ahmad Khan who belongs to the Congress. Khan’s father Sarfaraz Ahmad Khan was a senior PDP leader and also a minister in the PDP-Congress coalition government in 2002-2008.
People say that though Khan was not an elected legislator, he has helped villagers over the last few years. A Beerwah resident Haji Mohammed says he voted for the Congress leader because he thinks he will represent people in a better way.

EU sanctions on Russia presents opportunity for diamondindustryBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:16 am
The Indian diamond industry is expecting an increase of 35-40 per cent in import of rough diamonds from Russia in 2015-16, amid expectations that the world’s foremost diamond exploration country is looking at alternatives to divert the trade outside Europe due to sanctions imposed on it.
Alrosa, the Russian group of diamond mining companies, is expected to sign 12 long-term contracts with Indian companies, a development that will ensure consistent supplies to India, which is a world leader in polishing of rough diamonds.
Currently, Russia trades 63 per cent of its diamond production in Antwerp, Belgium.
The US and the EU have imposed an array of sanctions on Russian individuals and businesses in response to the annexation of Crimea and the crisis in eastern Ukraine.
The Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) is organising a world diamond conference, the first-ever, which will high-profile presence of world’s biggest mining companies like Alrosa, De Beers, Rio Tinto along with global retail giants like Harry Winston, Tiffany, Richemont and Chow Tai Fook. “We are expecting the direct import from Russia to go up by 35-40 per cent reducing transaction cost for our companies. This will be a huge advantage,” said Vipul Shah, chairman, GJEPC.
The conference will be addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is visiting New Delhi between December 10 and 11 for attending the 15th India-Russia Summit. The government is already in the process of bringing in regulations for free movement of rough diamonds. “It is also devising and implementing provisions for a conducive taxation regime… equivalent to other trading centres like Belgium and Israel,” a source said.

Four days after attack Uri villagers come out tovoteWritten by Mir Ehsan | Mohura (uri) |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:13 am
Four days ago, the silence of the night was broken by gunshots when a group of militants sneaked in through the LoC and attacked an artillery base here killing eight soldiers, three policemen and six militants. A rare attack, there was fear among the villagers as the area had not reported any militant-related incident before. Resilient, residents of Mohura gathered at the polling booth set up inside a local school on a mountain ridge surrounded by thick pine forest on Tuesday to vote.
When the EVM machine was sealed at 5 pm, around 800 of the 924 votes had been polled. Soon after the attack, the Army had beefed up security around the village but undeterred, people came from various neighbourhoods and waited for hours to cast their votes. “It took me three hours to cast the vote as the queue was long and villagers were jostling to enter the polling booth,” said Fayaz Bhatii, 26.
“The militants who attacked the Army camp had come from across the LoC. The Army and BSF knew this. They (Army) didn’t harass us unlike other places where people have to face their wrath after any militant attack,” he said, adding that villagers here have good relations with the Army and other security agencies. Not only men, but even women came out in large numbers to vote.

http://usat.ly/1A97kJWFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Voices: Why we like the royals
Like a friend you only swap holiday cards with or a museum that you never visit, it's just nice to know that Britain's royal family is there.
Post to Facebook
Voices: Why we like the royals Like a friend you only swap holiday cards with or a museum that you never visit, it's just nice to know that Britain's royal family is there. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A97kJW
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
13
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Voices: Why we like the royals
Britain's Prince William and his wife, Kate, arrive in New York City to the adulation of fans.  Rough cut (no reporter narration) Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Matthew Diebel , USATODAY 7:21 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
Prince William arrives at New York City's Carlyle Hotel on Dec. 7, the start of a three-day visit with his wife, Kate.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
33 CONNECT 26 TWEET LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The British royal family: Don't you hate them?
After all, unlike you and me, they live in a collection of about a dozen palaces and castles surrounded by a world-class art collection that any museum would give its eye teeth to get its hands on. Servants roam the halls while a cadre of cooks and other lackeys shine their shoes and whip up fancy meals.
Then there is the Royal Train. Yes, the queen and other members of the Royal Family have their own railroad cars to whisk them around the realm. And the Queen's Flight, aka the Royal Squadron – a collection of executive-type jets – is on hand should they wish to move farther and faster.
OK, so Prince William and Duchess Catherine flew – shock! – on a commercial airliner Sunday to start a three-day trip to New York City (with a quick side trip by Will to see President Obama at that cute little White House in D.C.) but you can bet they weren't ensconced in the knee-bending confines of coach.
Prince William and        Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge arrive at Metropolitan Museum of Art to        attend the St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Dinner Dec. 9 in New        York. 
(Photo: Robert Sabo, Pool via Getty Images)
Prince William tries out one of the new technologies, a Synth-tar by Ayah Bdeir, as New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio looks on during the Innovation is GREAT Reception at Shutterstock headquarters in the Empire State Building. 
(Photo: Robert Sabo Pool via Getty Images)
Prince William visits the observation deck of the Empire State Building on Dec. 9 in New York City. 
(Photo: Paul Edwards, Pool via Getty Images)
At the Creativity is GREAT Britain reception, Kate took off her Mulberry Editor coat to show her black, wrap-style dress by Seraphine, a favorite maternity brand, and her long gold necklace. 
(Photo: Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images/Pool)
Harvey Weinstein and his wife, British fashion designer Georgina Chapman, speak to Kate at the Creativity is GREAT Britain reception to celebrate British talent in New York. 
(Photo: Photo by Mike Coppola/ Getty Images/Pool)
Kate speaks to Patrick Stewart and his wife, Sunny Ozell, at the Creativity is GREAT Britain reception to celebrate British talent in New York. 
(Photo: Photo by Kevin Mazur/ Getty Images/ Pool)
Among the performers they watched at The Door was Steven Prescod's autobiographical piece, 'Brookyn Boy.' Will was so impressed he offered to help him bring his story to the world stage, Prescod said later. 
(Photo: Photo by Chad Rachman /Pool/ EPA)
The couple watched student performances in a show put on by The Door, which serves disadvantaged youth, in New York on Dec. 9. 
(Photo: Photo by Kena Betancur /Pool/ EPA)
Will and Kate talk to students during a visit to The Door and the CityKids Foundation, which serve disadvantaged youth, in New York, on Dec. 9. 
(Photo: Photo by Kena Betancur /Pool/ EPA)
Will and Kate tour the lobby of One World Trade Center, where a mural matches her coat, after a visit to the National September 11 Memorial and Museum, Dec. 9, in New York. 
(Photo: Photo by Shannon Stapleton/ AP)
Under a downpour, the couple lay flowers at the edge of one of the reflecting pools at the site, in memory of the victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks. Kate wore a fuchsia double-breasted Mulberry Editor coat. 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY)
Prince William and Duchess Kate started their final day of New York visit by laying flowers at reflecting pool at the National September 11 Museum and Memorial in downtown New York on Dec 9. 
(Photo: Photo by Robert Sabo/ AP)
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, right, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge share their popcorn with NBA Global Ambassador Dikembe Mutombo during the game between the Brooklyn Nets and the Cleveland Cavaliers at Barclays Center. 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports)
Prince William talks with Jay-Z as Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, chats with Beyonce, during an NBA basketball game Monday night. 
(Photo: Kathy Willens, AP)
Big smiles all around when WIll and Kate meet Hillary and Chelsea Clinton and Chelsea's husband Marc Mezvinsky at a conservation reception in New York. 
(Photo: Photo by Samir Hussein/ WireImage)
Kate chose a chic all-American outfit to attend the reception and the NBA game in Brooklyn later, including toothpick black jeans by J Crew and a tweedy, sparkly blue and black jacket by Tory Burch. 
(Photo: Photo by Samir Hussein/ WireImage)
Duchess Kate Cambridge, accompanied by New York City's first lady, Chirlane McCray, receives flowers as she departs after a visit to the Northside Center for Child Development in Harlem on Dec. 8. 
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Kate greets children as she departs the Northside Center. 
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
She got up close and personal with some the kids. 
(Photo: Photo by George Pimentel/ WireImage)
Kate showed off her kiddie skills, sitting next to 4-year-olds April, left, and Sammy in a pre-school class at the Northside Center for Childhood Development. Some of the kids throught she was the princess from 'Frozen.' 
(Photo: Photo by Seth Wenig/ AP)
Duchess Kate helps to wrap presents for children at Northside. 
(Photo: Photo by Seth Wenig/ AP)
People say goodbye to the duchess and McCray. 
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Kate talks with the children. 
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Meanwhile, Kate was meeting New York first lady Chirlane McCray at a Harlem child development center. 
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
Meanwhile, Will was wowing the pooh-bahs at the World Bank with a strong speech on the need to fight wildlife crime as a national security issue for the enite planet, in Washington on Dec. 8. 
(Photo: Photo by Shawn Thew/ EPA)
Fullscreen
Prince William chatted with President Obama in the Oval Office on Dec. 8. Obama praised his "good work" in combating illegal trade in wildlife. Will said he was so caught up in excitement when Prince George was born, he forgot to ask if the baby was a boy or girl. 
(Photo: Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency)
Fullscreen
They’re here at last: Prince William and Duchess Kate arrived in New York Sunday evening, all smiles. They were met at JFK and at the Carlyle Hotel by excited fans and blinding flashes from media cameras, for whom they posed just outside the entrance to the swanky hotel. Both looked refreshed and happy, despite a seven-hour flight from London. Kate, dressed in a stylish maternity coat, plus black tights, heels and gloves to ward off the chill, aimed a brilliant smile at well-wishers gathered outside the hotel. 
(Photo: Carl Court, Getty Images)
Fresh from JFK airport, Prince William heads to New York's Carlyle Hotel to begin his 48-hour U.S. trip with Duchess Catherine. 
(Photo: Carl Court, Getty Images)
Presumably groggy from the plane ride, Will and Kate are greeted by camera flashes and fans as they visit New York for the first time. 
(Photo: Carl Court, Getty Images)
The five-months pregnant Kate wore a wine-colored Seraphine coat. A slight baby bump was visible. She and Will attended a private party for the American Friends of the Royal Foundation Sunday night. 
(Photo: Chad Rachman, AFP/Getty Images)
On Monday, Will heads to Washington to meet with President Obama at the White House and then attend a World Bank conference on wildlife conservation. 
(Photo: Neilson Barnard, Getty Images)
Will and Kate will meet up at an NBA game on Monday night.  
(Photo: Chad Rachman, AFP/Getty Images)
Will and Kate will leave from New York to head back to London Tuesday night. 
(Photo: Neilson Barnard, Getty Images)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/12K0xLETony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom.
Post to Facebook
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D47bgI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
51
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 8:19 a.m. EST December 10, 2014
Tony Robbins outlines seven steps to financial freedom in his new book.
(Photo: Handout)
596 CONNECT 275 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 51 COMMENTEMAILMORE
People make several mistakes when saving and investing for retirement, and one of the biggest ones is not getting started because they think they need a large sum of money to begin, says Tony Robbins, 54, an inspirational speaker and best-selling author.
What you want is at least "a small amount of money you consistently invest," says Robbins, author of a new 656-page book, Money: Master the Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom. It includes information from his interviews with more than 50 top financial experts including Charles Schwab, Carl Icahn, Warren Buffett, Steve Forbes, hedge fund manager Ray Dalio and Vanguard founder John Bogle.
"When I asked Warren Buffett — what are the secrets to your wealth, he said it's three things. He said, No. 1, it's being born in America. No. 2 is good genes, so I live long enough, and No. 3, it's compound interest. Compound interest — people have no idea the power that it really has."
Robbins recounts a story of a UPS employee who never made more than $14,000 a year, but set aside 20% of every paycheck and put it into company stock. The man saw the value of his investments soar to more than $70 million by the time he was 90 years old,  says Robbins, who also wrote Unlimited Power and Awaken the Giant Within.
Some folks think investing and personal finance are so complex that they "never take the time to figure it out," he says.
His goal with the new book is to "help the average person to cut through all the complexity and all the mythology that is sold to us about how you really can't manage your own finances, and show them that the best people on earth have given them the guideposts and the steps to go from wherever they are financially to where they truly want to be."
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
But his advice isn't guaranteed to make you money. Even professional investors took different paths to their fortunes.
After researching the new book, Robbins developed what he calls the seven steps to financial freedom. Those are:
Step 1. Make the decision to become an investor, not a consumer. "You don't want to own an Apple phone, you want to own Apple," he says.
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Whatever that number is — 10%, 15% — stick to it in good times and bad. Have it taken automatically from your paycheck and put directly into a retirement or savings account.
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 2. Become an insider on investing. Know the rules of the game. Understand mutual funds and learn what mutual funds beat the market or their benchmark over any 10-year period. Look into the fees you are paying on mutual funds and how that affects your financial future.
He says people also don't read the fine print on their investments so they don't realize what fees they are paying. Just like there is compounding growth,  there are compounding costs, he says.
If you are only paying 1% in fees, you will probably end up with a lot more in your final nest egg than if you are paying 3% in fees, he says.
He points out that if you had a $100,000 investment and were lucky enough to get 7% annually, paying 1% in fees, you'd have about $574,000 after 30 years. If you paid 3% in fees, you'd only have about $324,000.
"What you don't know will hurt you in the financial world. But once you know these things, you'll be able to take advantage of the system instead of having the system take advantage of you."
Step 3. Make the game winnable. "Most people have a number that's so big that they never begin the journey," Robbins says. Figure out how much money you need for financial security and financial independence. Calculate this and come up with a plan. Look for places you can save more.
Step 4. Evaluate your asset allocation. "You have to create a bucket list. You have to learn where to put your money to keep it safe and where to put your money to grow it with some risk," he says. Put your money in different types of investments, such as stocks, bonds, commodities or real estate. Diversify your investments.
Step 5. Create a lifetime income plan. Make sure you won't run out of income for as long as you live. "Income is all that matters. Assets won't buy your food. They won't let you travel. You have to focus on income. The investment community wants you to think about keeping your money in assets."
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 6. Invest like the .001%. "That means learn from the very best on earth (Schwab, Icahn, Bogle, Dalio, Forbes and others he interviewed for the book), and what you learn from them apply and you'll achieve financial security faster than you will any other way."
Step 7. Just do it, enjoy it and share it. Make a commitment to be wealthy now, not in the future. "Start where you are, and you'll begin to find out that there's more than enough."
Robbins advises people to educate themselves in investing. It's worth the time, and it'll pay off.  "You master money, or it masters you," he says.
Robbins is donating all of the profits of this book in addition to a personal donation to feed 50 million meals to people in need this year through Feeding America, a hunger-relief charity.
Retirement plan changes you need to know about for next year
If you're starting to think about your New Year's resolutions, investing efficiently in your financial future is always a good one to consider. It's never a waste of your time to understand where your money is going and how you can save for your ret Newslook
1 of 20
Five ways to reduce holiday stress | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich outlines stress-reduction strategies for the holidays (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
2 of 20
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
3 of 20
See more video
Gay community less prepared for retirement
Same-sex couples in general are likely to have saved far less for retirement than their straight counterparts, according to exclusive analysis of the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances by AP.  (Nov. 21) AP
4 of 20
See more video
Five ways to cut holiday spending | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich offers easy ways to curb your spending during the holidays. (Your Best Life in Retirement, MONEY)
5 of 20
How to eat cheap at restaurants | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich offers ideas for cutting costs when dining out. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
6 of 20
See more video
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich shares advice from financial experts who say many Americans need to save much more aggressively for retirement.
7 of 20
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich explains how to cope with retiring from your job. (Money, Retirement, USA TODAY)
8 of 20
Simple steps to clearing the clutter in retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares tips for decluttering in retirement. (Retirement, USA TODAY)
9 of 20
Pets ease transition into retirement
Pets ease transition into retirement
10 of 20
Retirees on Social Security get a raise in 2015
USA Today's John Waggoner explains how a Social Security raise will impact retirees in 2015.
11 of 20
See more video
Got 20 minutes? A quick financial checkup | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
12 of 20
See more video
More millennial women worried about retirement says Fidelity study
Millennials may be struggling with student loans and a rough job market, but nearly half have already started saving for retirement, said Kristen Robinson, Senior Vice President at Fidelity. Newslook
13 of 20
See more video
New AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins
The new CEO Of AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins who takes over on September 1, 2014 replacing outgoing CEO A. Barry Rand.
14 of 20
See more video
Survey finds 6-figure earners more worried
Nearly half of Americans surveyed by the Wells Fargo/Gallup Investor and Retirement Optimism Index said they are worried about outliving their savings. Newslook
15 of 20
Americas Markets: 3 things you need to know about Social Security
Amreicas Markets with John Waggoner on the Social Security cost of living raise. USA TODAY
16 of 20
See more video
Merrill Edge: Americans feel guilty about not saving
Americans are feeling guilty about not investing enough over the past year, said Aron Levine, head of Preferred Banking and Merrill Edge at Bank of America. Newslook
17 of 20
See more video
Analyst: How to choose an annuity
Consumers should own an annuity for what it will do, not what it might do, says Stan Haithcock, annuity expert and author of "The Annuity Stanifesto". Newslook
18 of 20
See more video
Boomers need income stream in retirement
People need to plan to provide income for themselves in retirement with the same care and diligence in which they save for retirement, says Scott Holsopple, Managing Director of Retirement Solutions at The Mutual Fund Store. Newslook
19 of 20
See more video
Edward Jones: Retirees should stay course
Retirees and investors close to retirement should not make dramatic changes in their accounts due to the recent market volatility, said Scott Thoma, Retirement Strategist for Edward Jones. Newslook
20 of 20

NASA: Recently Spotted Asteroid No Risk for EarthIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Eric Holder Speaks at  My Brother s Keeper  Eventeric holder speaks at  my brother s keeper  event
The city of Portland  Oregon is suing ride-sharing service Uber for allegedly not following safety and consumer protection rules  as well as illegally operating in city limits. KGW s Chris Willis reports.the city of portland  oregon is suing ride-sharing service uber for allegedly not following safety and consumer protection rules  as well as illegally operating in city limits. kgw s chris willis reports.
Market  not OPEC  will determine oil price: UAE officialMarket  not OPEC  will determine oil price: UAE official
US report gives the who  where and how of CIA tortureUS report gives the who  where and how of CIA torture
US-based Merck buys Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4 bnUS-based Merck buys Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $8.4 bn
Former Uber driver charged in death of girl  six  in San FranciscoFormer Uber driver charged in death of girl  six  in San Francisco
More holiday wish lists go digitalMore holiday wish lists go digital
Abel Uribe, Chicago Tribune
Raul Lopez and his son Luke Lopez, 11, try to install the Toys R Us wish list app on a smartphone at the Schaumburg store.
Raul Lopez and his son Luke Lopez, 11, try to install the Toys R Us wish list app on a smartphone at the Schaumburg store. (Abel Uribe, Chicago Tribune)
Don't ask what we want for the holidays. Check the registry.
Digital wish lists are convenient, but do they take away from the gift-giving spirit?
Santa goes digital with rise of holiday gift registries.
Holly Riefke's two small children still write letters to Santa Claus. Or rather, they print their names on letters Riefke has written on their behalf, and together they drop them into a festive red Macy's mailbox designated for North Pole correspondence.
But while keeping the tradition alive and well, Riefke also is enlisting high-tech help to streamline the gift-giving process.
The 29-year-old stay-at-home mom has built digital holiday wish lists for her 3-year-old daughter and 4-year-old son on the Toys R Us website, which lets kids register for toys just as adults register for baby shower and wedding gifts, complete with a scanner gun.
"They feel that they're in charge of it and that they're involved," Riefke said, "it's not just mom sitting there with a piece of paper writing everything down."
Digital wish lists, which have been available for several years for kids and adults, are growing more widespread and sophisticated as more holiday shopping moves online and consumers embrace the convenience.
"A digital wish list is a win-win," said Michael Silverstein, a senior partner in the consumer practice at Boston Consulting Group. "It allows the giver to know what the receiver wants. It permits the receiver to avoid a trip to the store for a refund. It's classier than cash."
While they have yet to achieve mainstream popularity, Silverstein predicts "the next three holiday seasons will see tremendous growth in demand and usage," as long as retailers make their wish list tools highly visible.
Thirty-two percent of holiday shoppers plan to find gift inspiration on wish lists this year, up from 28.8 percent last year, according to a National Retail Federation survey.
As retailers beef up their digital strategies, more are launching wish list tools, and those that already have them are rolling out enhanced features.
0
Target, which has offered various wish list capabilities over the years, this season introduced an interactive mobile app that lets kids create an avatar and virtually go through Santa's workshop to select from hundreds of items rolling by on a conveyor belt.
Toys R Us, which has offered an online wish list since 2008 that functions like its baby registry, last year launched a mobile holiday wish list app with a bar code scanner so families can go through a physical store and upload items to their digital lists with their smartphones.
Gap this year started an online wish list that lets shoppers add up to 30 items across five of its brands — Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, Athleta and Piperlime — and share their lists via email, Facebook or Twitter, so "you mix and match your favorite styles for any occasion and at any price point," the company said.
And Amazon, a pioneer when it launched its wish lists in 1999, this season introduced the Twitter hashtag #AmazonWishList, which lets customers add items to their lists directly from Twitter.
The idea of sending links to the exact products desired has rubbed some the wrong way. Rebecca Little, a 36-year-old Park Ridge mom to 4-year-old and 2-year-old boys, said she understands the convenience factor, especially for kids over 8 when it gets harder to guess their tastes. But, "it seems too much like shopping than receiving a gift," she said.
"I like the idea of a kid requesting a gift in a letter to Santa or even writing up a few wishes, but something about browsing a website and making a wish list that way just seems like 'Here, buy this for me,' not 'Here are some ideas to send you on your way,'" said Little, who writes the shopping blog PinwheelChicago.com. "There's an entitlement behind it that bugs me."
But Riefke, who also uses digital wish lists for her kids' birthdays, says the tools help organize and disseminate information that relatives will ask her for anyway.
Her children still go through the Toys R Us toy catalog and circle what they want, but inputting their requests into the digital registry allows her to easily share them with family members spread across the country and avoid duplicate gifts, as the registry automatically updates when someone makes a purchase.
"We're trying to find a way to meld our traditions," said Riefke, a Lockport native who lives with her husband and kids on a military base in West Virginia.
Lauren Phillips, 34, started using digital wish lists after too many Christmases spent having to pretend to like gifts she didn't and then take pains to return them.
She started with Amazon wish lists for herself and her husband. This season, with their family grown to include a 4-month-old daughter, she has put all of their gift requests into Myregistry.com, which lets shoppers add items from any store website via a button they download on to their browser tool bar.
With money tight and space at home limited, "I think it's really important to give people what they really want versus what I think they might want," said Phillips, who lives in Logan Square.
"You have to get over the stigma a little bit," she said, "but if you're being realistic, this is the way to go."
Phillips said she only sends the registry link to people who ask her for it. It isn't a mandate, she added, but a way to communicate gift ideas. For people who prefer not to use the registry, she said, it can at least give hints on color preferences and sizes.
She has persuaded many of her family members to make holiday registries for themselves, too.
"All of us, I swear, are happier at Christmas because we're opening things we really want," Phillips said.
Nancy Lee, president of Myregistry.com, a universal registry platform for a range of occasions, said holiday wish traffic was slow when the company launched in 2005 but it started picking up in 2011, and since then it has doubled every year.
Increasingly, she said, holiday shoppers, like brides and grooms, are creating wish lists on retailers' individual websites, where they often get incentives to do so, and then importing their varied lists to Myregistry.com to give family and friends a single destination for their requests.
Retailers like the system, Lee said, because "chances are (their products are) not coming back Dec. 27 in the return lines."
Myregistry.com features an app with a bar code scanner to upload items from any store, the ability to input items from physical stores without websites, and a system to track who bought what to facilitate thank-you notes.
Many people share their registries via e-cards, Lee said, but others post them to Facebook or Twitter so it feels less like they are asking and more like they are just letting people know the list exists.
"We're all too busy to be running around trying to find the perfect gift for someone these days," Lee said.
Sebastian DiGrande, leader of Boston Consulting Group's West Coast Technology, Media and Telecommunications practice, says that as digital wish lists evolve, they won't be created solely by the people requesting gifts. In the future, he says, retailers will aggregate data from social networks, geolocation, and other digital and physical activities to pre-populate wish lists for shoppers, or on behalf of the people they shop for.
But some shoppers would prefer wish lists go back to basics.
Kelly Pleva, a stay-at-home mom in Yorkville, for several holidays created wish lists for her four children using TargetLists, an online tool that let shoppers create a list and add any item in the store using an in-store scanner. She was grateful that it saved her the hassle of following them down the aisles handwriting their requests in a notebook.
She had a system: The kids would upload their desired gifts using Target's scanner, and then she would go home and edit their lists online, removing inappropriate items — a $400 moped, makeup for a child not yet old enough for it — before sending it to family and friends.

Do You Struggle to Organize Your Life Try These Five Stepsreddit
A little while ago, one of my followers posed a very important question about organizing her time. She asked:
"After my father had a stroke I began managing our small family business. Since I was a little girl, my dream was always to run my own business. Now that I have that chance, it's even more important for me to be able to run my business without adding to the stress that is part of being the mother of a new baby. I primarily work online. This means I spend most days at home and I can't seem to get my work done. What can I do to organize my schedule so my work gets done, my business grows, and I have sufficient time to be a full-time mother?"
If you're reading this, whether or not you're a new mother like Julia, I'm sure you can relate to the struggle of managing your time when you own a small business.
One of my Keys to Abundance is to Make Space. When you make space in your life, you will have more time to follow your dreams. It can be as simple as taking the five action steps listed below.
I use this key to make my business grow, surf on a daily basis, do what I like, and get some daily fun beach time in with my dog, Ella.
My method of organizing is simple. And I'm sharing the method with you, hoping that it will inspire you. If you like, you can modify any of these steps and develop your own method for organizing your life.
1. Do something that makes you happy first thing in the morning
Every morning I start my days doing something that truly fulfills me -- before I sit down to work on the computer. I surf, meditate, walk my dog on the beach or do yoga. I focus on my own well being first. I've learned that if I do something I find rewarding, something that increases my enthusiasm, I can carry that enthusiasm into my work, which in turn makes me more focused and efficient.
Do you remember the last time you flew on an airplane? At the beginning of the flight, attendants demonstrate how to use the oxygen mask. In case of an emergency, an adult must put his or her mask on first, before they help any children traveling with them to put on their masks.
The same principle applies in all other aspects of life. If you don't help yourself, you can't offer anything of value to others. This is why I invite you to do something you enjoy, every day, before starting your work.
Try it out for a week and note the positive changes this simple principle brings into your life!
2. Tackle four or five tasks each day
Instead of writing an endless list of tasks when you sit down to work, prioritize them and list only four or five. Then, focus on accomplishing them. Once you know what you should be doing that day, you won't feel overwhelmed, and it will be easier to tackle your to do list.
Even though you may feel there are a thousand things to be done, it's important to focus on achieving the four or five things you decided are your top priorities that day. When you do, you'll be moving forward much faster than you would have if you were trying to complete all the tasks on a huge list.
3. Organize your weekly priorities
Every Friday I list all the things I must do on the coming week. Then I choose the three most important tasks that will allow my business to grow the furthest.
In the event I don't finish my four or five daily tasks, I try to, at least, nail down my three most important priorities for the week, tasks that will help me grow my business and create tangible results. The rest of the tasks I can reprioritize and accomplish the following week.
I usually organize my tasks on a calendar. You can either use a paper calendar or the calendar function on your computer. I make my own calendar on paper. I like using colors and markers to let my "inner child" come out and play and bring the fun into work (I especially looove crossing off tasks on my to do list with a purple marker!).
I also stick colored Post-Its at the top of each week's page. It helps me to have a visual reminder of what is truly important. Then, no matter what comes up, the Post-Its remind me what I absolutely need to do during my work week.
4. Always start with the easiest tasks
From the four or five daily tasks that you set for yourself each day, decide which one is the easiest to complete. Select something you're enthusiastic about and start there. Once you have finished it, cross it off your list (it feels like a Hell Yeah! to cross out a finished task!).
At the end of the day, when you look at all the tasks you crossed off your list, turn that feeling of accomplishment into a feeling of gratitude. Be grateful that you were able to finish them. Gratitude anchors the energy of abundance, and as you tap into that energy, you will have more and more to be grateful for.
5. Take a day off if you feel that you need it!
If you feel drained and can't seem to focus on anything on your to do list, take a full day off to pamper yourself. Instead of thinking you're wasting your time, think of it as an investment in your business. When you stop to refresh yourself, you are gathering the speed to move forward later on!
The key is not to judge yourself for taking that break but to enjoy it since it will bring back the energy of enthusiasm to your work.
I truly hope my tips have been useful to you. If you're looking for ways to organize your life and business even more in 2015, I'm ready to help! I'm hosting a Live Mastermind event in Austin, TX on December 12 . I hope you'll join me!
Mercedes Maidana is a Motivational Speaker and Business and Abundance Life Coach who guides women to launch and improve their businesses, go for their dreams, and take action steps to live life to their highest potential. Continue the conversation with Mercedes and learn more about her work on Facebook and Instagram .
Follow Mercedes Maidana on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MaidanaMercedes
More:

Millennials follow the money at work8
Millennials, more than older generations, view having their own office as a right rather than a reward — 38 percent, compared with 29 percent of baby boomers and Gen Xers, the survey showed.
Millennials also are more likely to believe that they should earn bonuses and raises more often than once a year, and 47 percent believe — along with their GenX counterparts — that getting a raise is a right, according to the survey results.
There may be other ways to keep Millennials happy, the survey showed, other than showing them the money.
For example, 43 percent of millennials described their ideal company as one that provides internal training opportunities. Less than a third of millennials are satisfied with training and learning opportunities available at work.
Millennials want to experience frequent progression in their careers, the survey found. Two in 5 of them said people should hold five or more different jobs throughout their careers.

Jessica DePalma / NBC Newsjessica depalma / nbc news
House built by White Sox slugger Frank Thomas sells for $2.71 millionChicago White Sox
House built by White Sox slugger Frank Thomas sells for $2.71 million
The 41-room, 25,000-square-foot contemporary-style mansion in Oak Brook that retired Chicago White Sox Hall of Fame slugger Frank Thomas built in the 1990s sold Friday for $2.71 million.
8
The mansion, at 3312 Midwest Road in Oak Brook, had been listed by Bank of America after the couple who had bought it from Thomas subsequently lost it to foreclosure. Friday's deal closed well above the bank's nearly $2.5 million asking price, and an agent who represented the buyer said there were at least five offers.
  Open link
However, Friday's sale price was a far cry from the $7.95 million that Thomas reaped in 2003, when he sold the nine-bedroom mansion to real estate developer Ronald Scarlato. That sale remains the highest price ever paid in DuPage County for a residence.
After Scarlato lost the mansion to foreclosure earlier this year, Bank of America was the lone bidder at a DuPage sheriff's sale, paying the $3 million opening bid for the mansion and its 3.3-acre parcel. The bank then listed the mansion in October for slightly below $2.5 million.
@tbirdal No thanks. I remember what a jerk he was as a player when he made public appearances.
Suburb Guy

Satyam fine sends signals to all independent directorsSatyam fine sends signals to all independent directors
Dev Chatterjee | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 12:34 AM IST
The role of high-profile independent directors has come into sharp focus with a Hyderabad court imposing a fine on Harvard Professor Krishna G Palepu, “Father of the Pentium processor” Vinod Dham, former Cabinet Secretary T R Prasad and former Indian School of Business Dean M R Rao among others, on Monday for the Satyam scam.
Corporate lawyers say the fine on independent directors will make them more cautious and some will be wary of taking assignments from companies with low corporate governance standards.
“This sentencing will make independent directors more cautious of their role on the board and they will now think twice before clearing any proposal which is against the shareholders’ interests,” said R S Loona of corporate law firm Alliance Corp Lawyers, adding according to law, the liability of the fine would be on individual directors and not on the company.
The independent directors included former director of IIT Delhi V S Raju and M Srinivasan, a retired professor.
The court on Monday imposed a fine of Rs 2.6 crore on Palepu for conflict of interest in providing professional services to the company and  remaining on the board of Satyam as an independent director and for failing to get the government's nod for providing professional services. Palepu has to pay the fine within two months.
The court has also imposed a fine of Rs 20,000 each on all the other former independent directors of Satyam. The directors have the option to appeal to the higher court.
Palepu was fined by the court as he had received Rs 87 lakh from Satyam towards consultancy fees, while each individual director was paid around Rs 13 lakh for the year 2007, according to Satyam’s annual report.
“It’s good that the court has fixed accountability of the independent directors. The Companies Act, 2013, has made the duties and role of independent directors more stringent. As the directors receive sitting fees, commission on profits and, of course, stock options, it is like any other job, and they should be held accountable for every move by the company,” said Shriram Subramanian, founder and managing director of Ingovern Research Services, a pro-investor body.
While emails sent to Palepu and Dham did not elicit any response till the time of going to press, lawyers say Satyam’s independent directors went ahead with a disastrous deal to merge the real estate company Maytas with Satyam, which led to investor outcry and finally to the downfall of Satyam.
Its market capitalisation fell to Rs 1,607 crore on January 9, 2008, from Rs 15,262 crore at the end of trade on December 16, 2008, the day when Satyam announced the Rs 8,000 crore acquisition of two firms promoted by the kin of Satyam’s former chairman Ramalinga Raju. On January 7, Raju tendered his resignation and confessed to a Rs 7,800 crore accounting fraud. The company has now been taken over by Tech Mahindra.
Soon after the scam broke out, many independent directors spoke in favour of the merger and said the land transferred to Satyam by Maytas was cheap and the merger was in the best interests of small investors. But after Raju confessed to the accounting fraud, most of the directors said they were unaware of it and even they had been taken for a ride by Raju.
MARQUEE DIRECTORS UNDER FIRE
Krishna G Palepu: A professor in Harvard Business School, Palepu received Rs 87 lakh as fees from Satyam without Govt's approval. Fined the highest at Rs 2.66 crore
 
Vinod Dham: Well-known as Father of the Pentium, former Intel employee Dham now runs IndoUS Venture Partners. Fined Rs 20,000
 
TR Prasad: Former Cabinet Secretary, Prasad is now retired. Fined Rs 20,000
 
M Rammohan Rao: Former dean of Indian School of Business, Hyderabad, Rao is now professor emeritus at ISB. Fined Rs 20,000
 
VS Raju: Former IIT director is now retired. Fined Rs 20,000
 
Mangalam Srinivasan: Former professor in US universities, Mangalam served as an advisor to Center for Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University. Fined Rs 20,000

Mazda says U.S. recalls over Takata air bags to be expanded nationwideClassified Autos
Mazda to recall 52,000 cars in Japan over Takata air bags
A Mazda logo is pictured at the Jacob Javits Convention Center during the New York International Auto Show in New York
CARLO ALLEGRI,
Mazda Motor Corporation
Mazda adds to 13 million cars recalled in the U.S. so far for exploding Takata air bags.
Mazda Motor Corp <7261.T> said on Friday it would recall 52,000 cars in Japan to investigate potential defects in Takata Corp <7312.T> air bags.
The automaker said its latest "investigative" recall would cover Atenza mid-sized cars and RX-8 sports cars manufactured between 2004 and 2008 that are equipped with Takata driver's side air bags.
The move had been expected after Mazda expanded a recall in the United States and said a similar action was likely in Japan.

10 Ways To Be Authentic Onlinereddit
1. NEVER keep clients in your community - even readers - whose energy you don't like. You don't have to be able to explain why, it's your business, your life. Your energy. You get to protect it any way you see fit. Just now I deleted someone who gave me feedback that the way I email reeks of desperation. No, it reeks of me being me. You don't have to like it, that's your right. But me keeping you in my community when you don't inherently like me as I am? THAT would reek of desperation on my part.
2. Never do a anything because it seems like a good way to make money. Do it because it seems like a GREAT way to follow your calling, then figure out how to make money from it.
3. You get to make the rules.About how or how often you communicate. About whether or not to have a blog, podcast, video, newsletter. What would FEEL amazing? Do that. Ignore everything else. For me this is writing from the heart, publishing it right away, sending it out. Doing this most days. That's my business growth and sales strategy in a nutshell. It works.
4. Sell with passion not benefits. Selling features and benefits works, after a fashion. But selling with passion, with FERVOUR? You can't even compare the difference. Of course this means -
5. Sell ONLY what you can talk about with fervour. If you don't practically froth at the mouth about the importance and power of your message it's probably not your deal message.
6. You have a message. You have a calling. You have a PURPOSE. Stop at nothing to find it.
7. If you'd only shut up and listen, you'd realise you already know it of course. So shut up. And listen. Within. The answer, always, is within.
8. It feels icky, uncomfortable, off? It is. Ditch it NOW, or you miss finding the truth.
9. Your ultimate 'one day' dream? If your current actions don't match it, you've taken your eye off the prize. You're probably seeking some kind of which fix. Eye on the prize at all times baby!
10. The prize is now. You only have now. What would you be doing if you were already 'there'? Guess what? You are there. Act like you know it. What you have now? This is the one day ultimate dream that YOU chose. You want something different? You change it NOW.
After all -
Life is Now. Press Play.
Kat x
Kat helps leaders and top entrepreneurs to find alignment and create a business and life they love, and make money, COMPLETELY on their terms. Visit Kat at www.katloterzo.com and get a free copy of one of Kat's best-selling Amazon books today!
Follow Kat Loterzo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/katloterzo
More:
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Portland  Oregon  Sues to Stop Uber Online Car Serviceportland  oregon  sues to stop uber online car service
Nissan recalls about 143 000 SUVs  cars in U.S. for possible fuel leaksNissan recalls about 143,000 SUVs, cars in U.S. for possible fuel leaks
Cars are reflected in a Nissan Motor logo at the company's dealership in Tokyo
Toru Hanai Reuters,
Infiniti
Nissan recalls recent model Juke, Infiniti M56, QX56, Q70, Q80 for fuel leak.
Nissan Motor Co said on Tuesday it is recalling about 470,000 sport utility vehicles and cars globally for possible fuel leaks.
Nissan is recalling the vehicles from model years 2012 through 2015 because fuel pressure sensors may not have been sufficiently tightened during production. That could lead to a fuel leak over time due to heat and vibration, increasing the risk of a fire, according to documents posted online by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA). The affected models have direct injection engines.

Auto recalls in 2014Classified Autos Car Reviews
Auto recalls in 2014
The automotive industry has surpassed the record number of 30.8 million vehicles recalled in 2004. This may not be a bad thing. Vehicular fatalities are at an all-time low. Self-governance by automakers is as much of a reason for the trend as increased governmental scrutiny.
Honda ran tests on fatal air bag flaw, frustrated by Takata reticence: sources
Norihiko Shirouzu
Honda Motor Co was so concerned by mounting recalls for Takata air bags, and frustrated by its supplier's failure to explain why some have exploded, killing five people with shrapnel, that it bought used and scrapped cars in Japan to conduct its own tests.
Death toll rises to 35 in faulty GM ignition switch claims
Two additional deaths have been attributed to a faulty ignition switch in General Motors vehicles, bringing the total to 35, according a report on Monday from the lawyer overseeing a program to compensate for deaths and accidents linked to the part.
Takata investigated defective air bag inflator as early as 2003
Paul Lienert
As early as 2003, Takata Corp ran an investigation into an air bag inflator that ruptured in a BMW vehicle, but concluded the problem was an anomaly, the company said on Tuesday, ahead of a second U.S. congressional hearing on dangerous air bags it supplied.

TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 cr fine on Bharti Ai...TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fine on Bharti Airtel, Rs 100 crore on Vodafone
ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 02.52AM IST
Tags:
Aftab Alam
(Telecom tribunal TDSAT…)
NEW DELHI: The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside penalty notices of .`650 crore slapped on Airtel and of .`100 crore on Vodafone for subscriber local dialing service. The tribunal on Tuesday stayed the penalty notices while allowing petitions of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India challenging the telecom department's move.
Calling the penalties disproportionate to the violations, the TDSAT chided the telecom department for imposing the harshest penalty possible under the licence conditions. Under subscriber local dialling service, a subscriber while roaming could prefix a code before dialing a number and could forgo payment of roaming charges. DoT accused Airtel and Vodafone of causing loss to BSNL, whom they would have to otherwise pay charges.
The TDSAT order said the facility did not cause any loss to BSNL. Airtel had introduced the facility across 13 circles for three years and Vodafone across two circles for just one year. It also said that the impinged orders were passed eight years after the two operators discontinued the service. It has further pointed out that a telecom department committee report had itself called the service a subscriber friendly facility.
"We regret to say that such orders can only be passed by someone who, in anonymity feel safe from any accountability," the order says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bengal needs to do away with land ceiling ac...Adi Godrej
(The West Bengal govt should…)
KOLKATA: The West Bengal government should do away with the urban land ceiling act, Godrej Group Chairman AdiGodrej said today while describing the act as an antiquated legislation.
"The West Bengal government should do away with the urban land ceiling act. Many states have done away with it and West Bengal is one of the few states to have kept it," Godrej said at an informal interaction with the media here.
The Godrej Group , which has four upcoming real estate projects in Kolkata and an animal feed plant in the state, is keen on more residential projects in the city.
"It is not a good thing to continue with the land ceiling act," he said.
Asked to comment on the state government's approach on land acquisition, Godrej said, "Getting land is a problem here, but I believe Mamata Banerjee is changing her mind now. Earlier she had said that the government will not acquire land".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kohl s to keep stores open for more than 100 hours starting Dec. 19Kohl's to keep stores open 100+ hours starting Dec. 19
A Kohl's Department store is shown in Encinitas, California
Mike Blake
A Kohl's Department store is shown in Encinitas, California October 28, 2014.
A Kohl's Department store is shown in Encinitas, California October 28, 2014. (Mike Blake)
The 100 hours of Christmas: Kohl's set for marathon
For those midnight dress cravings — and last minute Christmas shopping — Kohl's has your back.

Intermission: The Bard made newBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 9 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Charlie Hunnam as Jackson “Jax” Teller in “Sons of Anarchy.” (James Minchin/FX)
I assume lots of you will be tuning in for the series finale of “Sons of Anarchy” tonight, even if having read “Hamlet” means we can probably predict the ending. Adaptations of Shakespeare are not exactly uncommon, of course — there have been a lot of terrific romantic comedies that are essentially updates of his plays. But I’m curious: What other Shakespeare plays do you think would lend themselves to a television show framework? And how would you update them?
• “ How Once-Great ‘Sons of Anarchy’ Ran Off The Road Before The End ,” by Alan Sepinwall: In a long meditation on FX’s biker series, which is ending its run tonight, Sepinwall looks at how showrunner Kurt Sutter’s stylistic proclivities added bloat to a once-excellent story.
“Take the moment at the end of last week’s episode where Jax finally confronted his mother in the garden of her childhood home, and — at her own urging — put a bullet in the back of her head. This is arguably the biggest moment in the run of the series, one the show had been building to through years of unpunished Gemma misdeeds. And [Katey] Sagal and [Charlie] Hunnam were, as expected, great,” Sepinwall argues. “But the episode ended not with the gunshot, but with an eight-minute music montage of Jax riding home feeling sad, and of what the rest of the Sons were up to that night. The montage — a device Sutter leaned on increasingly as the show aged — took this seismic event in the series’ history and made it feel like just another bloody day at the office.”
• “ The best new Strong Female Characters are the weak ones ,” by Tasha Robinson: The idea that we need more “strong female characters” has been around for a while and has at times been a useful tool in advocating for better writing and character development. But too often it has been interpreted to mean that female characters need physical strength and fighting prowess rather than great dialogue and more screen-time. Robinson looks at a movie that exemplifies both of these ideas.
“One of winter 2014’s most interesting Strong Female Characters to date is Cheryl Strayed in Jean-Marc Vallée’s ‘Wild,’ ” she notes. “The film is based on a memoir by the real-life Strayed, who documents how she fell apart while mourning her mother’s abrupt death, dipping into heroin and risky, frequent sex with strangers to fill the void in her life. When the movie version of Strayed (played by Reese Witherspoon) decides to hike the 1,100 miles of the Pacific Crest Trail in an attempt to get outside her life and get it back in order, she literally can’t lift her own backpack without crawling under it and struggling to her feet. She isn’t physically prepossessing or even particularly capable; the whole film amounts to a training montage as she slowly becomes stronger and more confident.”
• “ I Spent One Day Experiencing the Future of Movies, and It Was Full of 4-D Katnisses and Virtual-Reality Narwhals ,” by Tess Lynch: Lynch spends a day trying out the latest way that movie theaters intend to convince viewers that they actually have to leave their homes to get the full experience of a film.
“Developed by the Seoul-based company CJ 4DPlex, 4DX was first used on a major release in 2008, when an enhanced version of ‘Journey to the Center of the Earth’ opened in South Korea,” she explains. “Since then, it has expanded to almost 30 countries, the U.S. being the latest. In essence, it’s a more advanced version of the motion-simulator 3-D rides that proliferated at Disney World and Universal Studios in the ’90s, in which the audience experienced various effects — wind, rain, scents, motion, bubbles! — timed to moments onscreen. Hydrophobes and weenies can turn off the water with the click of a button located on the armrest, but if you take issue with your seat’s lilts, jolts, and prods (or having air blasted into your ear), you’re sadly out of luck. Aggressive warning labels caution you against placing lidless beverages in your cup holder lest your Sprite end up in your lap. Hot drinks are forbidden for obvious reasons.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

China looks for quality investorsDecember 9, 2014 5:10 pm
Quality counts but size still matters in hunt for investors
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
Marquee-named backers find favour among Asian companies seeking to raise funds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76f3d2a8-7eab-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

John Kerry Speaks at Senate Hearing on ISISjohn kerry speaks at senate hearing on isis
German imports fall sharply in OctoberGerman imports fall sharply in October
Technology denial  infra crunch delay DRDO projectsTechnology denial  infra crunch delay DRDO projects
Mistletoe drone chops off part of photographer s nose: Re...mistletoe drone chops off part of photographer s nose: re...
An old piece of Will and Kates wedding fruitcake sold for $7 500. Its a good reminder that fruitcake is gross.An eight-tiered wedding cake, made by Fiona Cairns, inside Buckingham Palace in London shortly before Prince William married Kate Middleton in Westminster Abbey. (Reuters/Pool)
There’s someone in the world who paid $7,500 to buy an old piece of fruitcake.
No, that’s not a joke. Yes, it was bit of a publicity stunt. (How did you guess?)
The fruitcake in question is pretty special, I’ll give them that. It was served to guests at the wedding of Prince William and the duchess formerly known as Kate Middleton in April 2011.
The purchaser in question is Gee Chuang, chief executive of the Silicon Valley startup Listia, which plans to use the old wedding cake as a part of a company promotion on the royals’ fourth wedding anniversary.
That’s all good and well, I guess.
Julien’s Auctions, the Beverly Hills auction house that hosted the sale over the weekend, was also reportedly responsible for selling some Prince Charles-Princess Diana wedding cake for over $6,000, a whopping 27 years after the thing was baked.
But if there is anything you should take away from this news, it is this: Fruitcake is terrible.
RELATED: 7 ways to fix fruitcake’s image problem
The slightly sticky concoction of nuts, old dried fruit, (occasionally) alcohol, sugar and a bunch of other stuff might be good a few days after it is baked. But the whole point of fruitcake is that its proponents delight in the fact that you can eat it months, if not years, after it comes out of the oven.
Let that sink in. Years.
Science has even confirmed that you can probably eat certain types of fruitcake after the expiration date because, fruitcakes. Specifically, according to a new study, there’s so little moisture that very little – not even bacteria — can survive in there.
Fruitcakes might last forever.
“All of these dried and candied ingredients have what we call ‘low water activity’ — meaning they have very little moisture available,” Ben Chapman, a food safety researcher at North Carolina State University, said in a press release . “Low water activity is important because many microorganisms, including foodborne illness-causing bacteria, need moisture in order to reproduce.”
Contrary to popular belief, that’s not always a good thing. As Chapman notes, after all that time, “it might taste pretty bad.”
Look, I know plenty of people disagree. Among them are some very famous people, not the least of whom are the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. There’s also Paul McCartney, who reportedly orders one every year from the same bakery used by the royals.
Fiona Cairns (R) and her team put the finishing touches on the royal wedding cake in April 2011. (Reuters/Pool)
Baker Fiona Cairns  is famous for her fruitcakes . And her bakery spent five weeks  producing and then three days assembling  the admittedly beautiful royal wedding cake. It is nothing if not a pretty piece of once-edible history.
Along with the piece of fruitcake, which has (hopefully) been frozen or refrigerated in its original presentation tin since the wedding, Chuang and Listia purchased a blank invitation to the event of the decade, printed on the queen’s stationery.
And as long as it is considered a novelty collectible item (and not an edible one), there’s nothing wrong with a little old wedding fruitcake.
Chuang said that up-bidding brought the sale price of the cake to $6,000 from the $1,000 to $2,000 it was originally projected to fetch. Add about $1,500 in fees and you’ve got one very expensive piece of old, gross food. Still, Chuang said it was less than his company had budgeted.
The fruitcake will be traded on the company’s listing marketplace next year, where you can “buy” it for free with Listia “currency” that can then be used to in trades on Listia’s marketplace.
Notably, Chuang doesn’t really like fruitcake either.
“Not particularly,” he said when asked by The Post if he has an appreciation for the dessert.
“Fruitcake is one of those things during the holidays you find yourself eating,” he said. “It’s a very festive thing, I think.”
He added: “Once a year, I do enjoy it, but it’s not one of those things you eat every month.”
So there you have it.
The best thing about fruitcake is still “The Tonight Show’s” Fruitcake Lady:
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Schaumburg contractor cited for failure to protect workers0
OSHA called the violation "willful" because it was committed with intentional, knowing or voluntary disregard for the law's requirement or with plain indifference to worker safety and health.
Scott Allen, a Department of Labor spokesman, said every willful violation can carry a fine of up to $70,000, depending on the company's size.
The company, cited multiple times since 2008 for similar violations, has already paid more than $170,000 in fines.
Allen said that despite the fines, some companies still do things wrong and don't follow proper procedures.
"It's absurd to think that a company would put a worker in harm's way to save time or money," Allen said.
A. Lamp Concrete has 15 business days from receipt of the citation to pay the fine, request an informal conference with OSHA's area director or contest the citation.
The company didn't have an immediate comment.

Rise in current account deficit not matter of concern: Arun JaitleyRise in current account deficit not matter of concern: Arun Jaitley
16 newborn die in a week at ChhattisgarhhospitalBy: Express News Service | Raipur |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:54 am
Mani Sahu’s first baby, born at Bilaspur’s Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences Saturday, did not survive even 72 hours. He was among 16 infants who died within days of birth in the last week at CIMS. While some had low birthweight, others died due to lack of medicare facilities.
However, while the number of babies admitted in the hospital continues to go up and the child ward gets crammed, the government does not have any plan to shift the infants to other hospitals.
Significantly, while doctors admitted to the lack of facilities, Chhattisgarh Health Minister Amar Agrawal defended the hospital. “What is the fault of doctors or CIMS? No private hospital admits such babies. Serious cases come only to government hospitals. If some deaths take place, how can you hold CIMS responsible?”
Bilaspur CMHO O P Saxena had a curious take. “People are becoming aware and are coming to hospitals in large numbers. It is the responsibility of women and child development department to ensure that pregnant women receive proper nourishment,” he said.
Doctors, however, said the hospital does not have sufficient facilities at its newborn care unit, and instead of doctors, interns look after patients.
If a baby develops ailments after birth, it needs to be kept in incubator and each machine should have only one baby. In CIMS, a machine accommodates up to four babies, raising infection risks.
A neonatal ICU is closed since it was set up years ago and ventilators have no compressors. “Medical Council of India rules say that interns will operate only under doctors’ supervision. Here they are running the hospital,” said a doctor.
Health Secretary Dr Alok Shukla admitted the “lack of capacity and shortage of doctors” but said the babies were extremely malnourished and doctors tried their best to save them. “I have formed a committee to review every case,” he said.
Dissatisfied with the government’s response, some parents created ruckus in the hospital Tuesday. “They (doctors) made me sign a blank paper yesterday. Today they said the baby is dead),” said Mani Sahu.
Over 30 babies are still admitted in CIMS. Their condition is deteriorating, the hospital is crowded but the government has not shifted them. “There are too many babies here, 40 in one unit. We don’t know what to do,” said a father.

Maharashtra village bars women from wearing maxi or nightieoutdoorsWritten by Dipti Singh | Mumbai |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:51 am
The next time a woman is seen wearing a “maxi” or a “nightie” on the roads of Gothivali village in Navi Mumbai, she could be charged a fine of Rs 500. This is a new diktat issued by one Indrayani Mahila Mandal, a local women’s group in the village, to prevent rapes and sexual assaults on women.
One of the members of the group, Laxmi Patil, told The Indian Express that “such kind” of attire worn by women outdoors is the reason behind all the crime happening against them. “The “maxi” (or nightie as many call it) has become very common these days and it looks absurd,” Patil said.
The women otherwise wear saree in this village. “Maxi cha fashion, aagi sarka pasarlay amchya gavat (the maxi fad has spread like wildfire in the entire village),” Patil added.
The Mahila Mandal had Sunday put up a notice board in the village announcing the diktat. The notice reads: “Gothivali gavatil sarva mahilanna hey suchit karnyaat yet aahe ki, gavatil parisarat athva rastyavar “maxi” ghalun phirnyaas sakt manaai aahe. Aadhalyaas Rs 500 dund aakarnyaat yeil (all the women in Gotivali village are hereby informed that if any of them is seen wearing ‘maxi’ outside their homes in the village or walking on the roads will be fined Rs 500.)”
However, after several women in the village opposed the diktat, local police intervened in the matter.
S Gojre, senior police inspector at Rabale police station, said, “No gram panchayat or local mahila mandal has the right to frame such rules and fine villagers like this. We had a meeting with the members of Indrayani Mahila Mandal and have warned them against taking such steps. We have also confiscated the notice board.”

Karnataka teenaged girl committed suicide  saypoliceBy: Express News Service | Bangalore |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:49 am
The CID of Karnataka police revealed Tuesday that the mysterious death of a 14-year-old schoolgirl in Thirthahalli taluk of Shimoga district, which spurred protests from the BJP, was actually a case of suicide.
Nanditha had consumed poison after being upset over her academic performance. The case did not involve abduction or rape as alleged, DGP, CID Bipin Gopalakrishna said at a news meet Tuesday.
The CID submitted a 223-page interim inquiry report to the state government Tuesday. The Class VIII student committed suicide following disappointment over the medium of instruction in her new school, the report states
“She was studying in a private school with Kannada as the medium of instruction and obtained good grades. She was admitted to a Government English Medium School from Class VIII where her grades fell. She had discussed her unhappiness with her close friends,” the CID DGP said.
The teenaged girl, elder of two daughters of a small shop owner in Balle Bailu in Thirthahalli, died on October 30 at Kasturba Medical College in Manipal.
Her father then lodged a police complaint stating that his daughter was abducted by three persons, including one she knew, from a minority community.
A suicide note found in the girl’s school bag, however, stated she was unable to cope with the academic demands made on her.
The case had taken a political turn after BJP launched an agitation, accusing the police of shielding the suspects because they were from a minority community.
“Neither was she kidnapped, nor murdered. The note was written by the victim,” the DGP said.

Case against ex-DGP: Orissa HC tells vigilance to fileaffidavitBy: Express News Service | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:47 am
The Orissa High Court Tuesday refused to accept documents submitted by the state vigilance department in a sealed cover in the case filed by former DGP Prakash Mishra seeking quashing of an FIR lodged against him.
Mishra’s name has already been cleared for the post of director general of CRPF. On September 20, the Bhubaneswar vigilance division had registered a case against Mishra, presently special secretary in the Ministry of Home Affairs, under Section 13(2) and 13(1)(d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and Sections 409 and 120-B of the Indian Penal Code, alleging that during his tenure as CMD of Orissa Police Housing and Welfare Corporation (OPHWC), advance payment of Rs 59 crore was made to some steel and cement suppliers in 2009 against existing rules. Mishra then filed a petition in the High Court seeking quashing of the FIR.

Startups turn to social media to raise fundsStartups now taking to Twitter and Facebook to raise funds
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 01.48AM IST
Tags:
LetsVenture
(Founded in 2011, the consultancy…)
BENGALURU: Mumbai-based Themis Consult is leveraging social media for helping startups raise funds, inviting entrepreneurs to spell out their requirements through its Facebook and Twitter accounts over one week starting on December 10, after which it will connect about 18 interested funds to the companies.
While firms such as LetsVenture and ah!Ventures have developed platforms to facilitate funding in the early stages, Themis is the first to look at venture capital and private equity stage as well.
Founded in 2011, the consultancy takes care of the nitty-gritty of running a startup, accounting, finance, human resources and company secretarial compliance, that entrepreneurs would rather not bother themselves with.
"We are using our unique position in the ecosystem to completely disrupt the way entrepreneurs access capital. Most of the time we know companies better than they know themselves," said CEO Nibhrant Shah , 30-year-old founder of Themis Consult, which has scored 250 startups and SMEs (small and medium enterprises) as customers in the past three years. The company's database boasts of a 16,000-strong mailer list of who's who in the startup ecosystem.
Themis expects to get 500-600 entries through its social media initiative, which it believes will lead to funding of at least 15 startups. According to the company, which is targeting revenue of Rs 8 crore this fiscal, it will charge 0.5 per cent-1.5 per cent for investments above Rs 30 lakh. The #Getfunded campaign is expected to reduce the time it takes entrepreneurs to raise funds by at least a month and a half. "Having an intermediary who knows the company's books inside out and who also understands the investor's philosophy could play an important role in optimising the fundraising exercise," said Ankit Solanki, senior analyst at Mumbai Angels.
In addition to Mumbai Angels , Kae Capital, Rehan Yar Khan's Orios Ventures, Indian Angel Network and Ankur Capital will be participating in the exercise.
"Funds constantly ask us to introduce them to interesting startups," said Shah, whose company has facilitated over 15 such ad hoc deals in the past.
Shah said the social media campaign could be a win-win situation for both startups and his company. While his company would get customers, the startups could raise funds. "Because it is on social networks, it can go viral and new investors can become aware of the startup space in India. That's always welcome," said Harshad Lahoti, co-founder of ah!Ventures, which has raised $2 million (about Rs 12 crore) for six deals in the past two years.
LetsVenture, another online dealmaking platform has raised over $5 million (about Rs 30 crore) in 19 deals in the past one year.
"But players must exercise caution and not become investment bankers. They should not put forth companies to investors that are not essentially fundable," said Shanti Mohan, CEO of LetsVenture, adding that his company will look at deal-making in the venture capital space next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Costco s a deal for shoppers. The CEO may be  too.Costco Wholesale store in King of Prussia, PA. (Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Everyone loves a bargain. Costco COST may be getting one in CEO W. Craig Jelinek.
In an era of oversized pay packages and  stock grants, Jelinek pulled in a relatively modest $5.6 million in fiscal 2014 compensation, up 4.8% from 2013, the members-only warehouse giant and USA’s second-largest retailer said in a preliminary proxy Tuesday.
That’s about half the median $10.5 million pay Standard & Poor’s 500 company CEOs made in 2013.
Jelinek’s compensation included $650,000 in salary, $4.8 million stock award and a $90,000 bonus – about what some CEOs get in annual personal use of the corporate yet.
Jeinek gained another $3.3 million exercising previously awarded stock options and $5.3 million from vested shares, vs. stock and options gains valued at about $11.9 million in 2013, according to corporate filings.
Jelinek, 62, a 30-year Costco executive, was named CEO in January 2012, replacing the always frugal co-founder Jim Sinegal.
Costco said it had a 2014 pre-tax income target of $3.25 billion, it ended with $3.197 billion, hitting 98.4% of target.  The company is scheduled to report third-quarter earnings Wednesday.  Year-to-date, Costco shares are up about 20%.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Newest F-35 Problem: Fuel Gets Too Hot in the Sunnewest f-35 problem: fuel gets too hot in the sun
Nov car sales rise 5.4% on excise sopNov car sales rise 5.4% on excise sop
US Stocks: Global demand worries drag Wall St lowerUS Stocks: Global demand worries drag Wall St lower
Ranbaxy brand may fade away as Sun takes chargeRanbaxy brand may fade away as Sun takes charge
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 12:34 AM IST
The Ranbaxy brand might be gradually phased out in the near future in the wake of this year's largest merger in the Asian pharma sector. After Monday's conditional nod from the Competition Commission of India (CCI), Sun Pharma is likely to merge the Ranbaxy brand with its own.
The joint entity will have a market share of nine per cent in India. Analysts tracking the company said one of the key outcomes of the merger would be to create a single brand entity of Sun and the Ranbaxy brand would eventually dissolve.
"This is the most likely outcome and the merger was proposed keeping this in mind. This would be beneficial over a long term to have a single brand entity," said Sarabjit Kaur Nangra of Angel Broking.
During an interview to Business Standard after the announcement of the merger with Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma's managing director Dilip Shanghvi had indicated one of the options for the company was to create a single brand entity. Sun Pharma did not comment on the matter on Tuesday. Experts believe the consumer sub-brands might be retained by Sun.
Also, it might be difficult to retain an acquired brand for long, especially if it has not been bought purely for its brand strength. Ranbaxy had popular brands under its over-the-counter, or OTC, business, an area where pharma companies get to reach out to the end consumer themselves. Its Volini, the pain reliever, and Revital, a vitamin-based product, have been endorsed by Bollywood actors.
"These have the equity that Sun would not want to let go of. So sub-brands might be retained after giving a spin to the mother brand," said a marketing expert, who did not wish to be named.
The CCI nod on Monday took Sun Pharma closer to being the fifth-largest generic company in world by annual sales. Approval from US Federal Trade Commission and the High Court of Punjab and Haryana are still pending. In the wake of serious lapses at manufacturing facilities of Ranbaxy resulting into ban from exporting to the US market, Sun might prefer to drop the acquired company's brand. Ranbaxy had recently lost out to the US drug regulator, US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), in a US court in challenging the regulator's decision to strip of the Gurgaon-based company of six-month exclusivity periods for two major drugs - Nexium and Valcyte.
With an estimated revenue of $4.2 billion, the manufacturing units and range of globally-marketed specialty and generic products will belong to Sun, so will a broad pipeline of new drug launches. Right after the previous owner Japanese pharma company Daiichi Sankyo bought its promoter shares from Malvinder Singh and family, Ranbaxy's plants had come under the US FDA's scanner. However, according to Sayon Mukherjee of Nomura Financial and Securities (India), the Mumbai-based company might not need to do away with the Ranbaxy brand as it has a sizeable reputation in the trade.
DEAL EFFECT
Sun Pharma is likely to merge the Ranbaxy brand with its own
 
The joint entity will have a market share of nine per cent in India
 
Ranbaxy had popular brands under its over-the-counter, or OTC, business, an area where pharma companies get to reach out to the end-consumer themselves

Rauner meets with Obama  calls it  terrific dayRauner meets with Obama, calls it 'terrific day'
Meeting with Obama
Larry Downing, Reuters
Illinois Gov-elect Bruce Rauner, right, with Govs.-elect Greg Abbott of Texas, left, and Charlie Baker of Massachusetts, talks to the media Friday after a meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House.
Illinois Gov-elect Bruce Rauner, right, with Govs.-elect Greg Abbott of Texas, left, and Charlie Baker of Massachusetts, talks to the media Friday after a meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House. (Larry Downing, Reuters)
Penny Pritzker
Rauner stresses need for bipartisan cooperation during trip to D.C.
President Barack Obama met late Friday afternoon with Illinois Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner and other incoming governors, leading Rauner to judge it a "terrific day" that included discussions about improving the state's infrastructure and economy.
Rauner, an equity investor from Winnetka, said he's been to the White House in previous years "a number of times."
"Just over the years, I've known a number of the presidents," he said.
Though Obama campaigned heavily for Rauner's rival, incumbent Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn, Rauner emphasized his longtime friendships with Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, with whom he dined Thursday night, and Education Secretary Arne Duncan, the former Chicago schools chief with whom Rauner said he had long worked on education issues.
cComments
The question isn't "was it a great meeting with obama". The question is how many years will Rauner get. The current Illinois politicians are the same ones that put us into this mess and now they are going to fix it.
JoeSchmo2
29
He said he also met Thursday with Illinois Republican Ray LaHood, transportation chief during Obama's first term, and on Friday with current Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx and several other key administration officials.
"We have got to find ways to invest in our infrastructure, upgrade our infrastructure and expand it so it's world class," Rauner told reporters. "Illinois is the crossroads of America. We're the heart of the transportation network for the United States. We need to invest in our infrastructure in Illinois."
He said he and Pritzker talked about ways to improve economic opportunity and achieve more rapid growth. Illinois, he said, was "suffering with low job-creation rates and a difficult economic climate."
Rauner, who met Thursday with Illinois' members of Congress, also highlighted the need to work across party lines.
"We've got to solve problems on a bipartisan basis," the governor-elect said. "Our states are facing significant challenges. We won't solve them unless we do it in a bipartisan way."
The governors also met with Vice President Joe Biden and presidential adviser Valerie Jarrett. The other newly elected officials in the visiting group were Gov. Bill Walker of Alaska and Govs.-elect Larry Hogan of Maryland, Charlie Baker of Massachusetts, Tom Wolf of Pennsylvania and Greg Abbott of Texas.
Obama, seated in front of an Oval Office fireplace, opened his session with the newly elected governors by saying it was a "great pleasure" to welcome them.
Speaking at the start of the meeting before the press was ushered out, Obama touted Friday's robust jobs report from the Labor Department, singling out the creation of more than 300,000 new jobs and 57 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
"That's due to a lot of factors, but the main reason is because we've got great businesses and great workers," Obama said. "But what we want to make sure is that the government is not an impediment but is instead an accelerant of that kind of job growth, and I know that all the governors here feel the same way."

Rauner in D.C.  backs state term limits  not federalRauner in D.C., backs state term limits, not federal
Rauner: 'I look forward to working very closely with President Obama'
Gov.-Elect Bruce Rauner is joined by U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk and U.S. Reps. John Shimkus, Rodney Davis, Adam Kinzinger, Aaron Schock, and Peter Roskam to discuss some of the problems Illinois faces while on a two-day stop in D.C.
Gov.-Elect Bruce Rauner is joined by U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk and U.S. Reps. John Shimkus, Rodney Davis, Adam Kinzinger, Aaron Schock, and Peter Roskam to discuss some of the problems Illinois faces while on a two-day stop in D.C.
Penny Pritzker
Rauner on hiring: “We're not looking for people who happen to be somebody's brother-in-law.”
WASHINGTON — On a two-day swing through the nation's capital, Illinois Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner said he will meet Friday at the White House with his longtime acquaintance, President Barack Obama, after sessions Thursday with the Illinois congressional delegation.
8
Rauner, a Republican, said he would be "pushing aggressively" for term limits for elected officials in Springfield. But when asked about the terms of federal officials, he did not endorse new limits, saying he was focusing on Illinois and that Washington "has its own processes."
Bruce Rauner in Springfield
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner talks to reporters Tuesday at the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield.
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner talks to reporters Tuesday at the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Without identifying a federal project or funding source, Rauner said he wanted to work closely with Obama and the delegation to "optimize the resources that are coming from Washington, D.C., back to the state of Illinois."
He also said he wanted personnel recommendations from the members of Congress to assemble a talented team to "turn around the state government."
cComments
@SWBurbs I used to think the same way you do. Then I saw how 96% (close enough) of incumbents in despite an overall 90+ % disapproval rating in Congress. Look at this city alone, for example. Too many uneducated idiots get bused to the voting booths and vote because someone brings them there,...
Jackie Puppet
18
He added: "We're not looking for people who happen to be somebody's brother-in-law or worked on somebody's campaign. We're looking for people who are talented, have deep expertise in education, health care, transportation."
"To be clear, Illinois is in dire condition," Rauner said. "Our financial condition is far worse than has ever been discussed publicly before."
Rauner, a wealthy equity investor from Winnetka, prevailed in his run against Democratic incumbent Gov. Pat Quinn, for whom Obama and his top allies had campaigned vigorously.
The governor-elect took a swipe at Quinn on Thursday, saying he and other officials had counted on higher taxes to "to cover up a mess."
Rauner said he's known Obama since the president's days as an Illinois state senator, naming mutual friends including Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Chicago businessman Marty Nesbitt, chairman of the Barack Obama Foundation, which is conducting the search for a future Obama Presidential Library.
Rauner, who met with reporters at the Capitol, arrived Thursday and departs Friday, an aide said.
He was joined at the news conference by all seven Illinois Republican members of Congress: Sen. Mark Kirk and Reps. Peter Roskam, Randy Hultgren, Adam Kinzinger, Aaron Schock, John Shimkus and Rodney Davis.
Afterward the governor ventured down a hallway to a casual lunch. Over cold-cut sandwiches, he met the Democratic federal lawmakers from Illinois, including Sen. Dick Durbin and House members, and was joined by the GOP members.
Others slated to attend the meeting Friday with Obama are Gov. Bill Walker of Alaska and Govs.-elect Larry Hogan of Maryland, Charlie Baker of Massachusetts, Tom Wolf of Pennsylvania and Greg Abbott of Texas, a White House official said.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel also was in Washington on Thursday for his own series of meetings.

Day after announcing economy triumph  Barack Obama hit by gasPresident Obama today underwent a CT scan and a fiber optic exam after complaining of a sore throat, and was found to have symptoms indicating acid reflux.
Obama, 53, went to Walter Reed military hospital after complaining of a persistent sore throat.
“This morning, an ear, nose and throat specialist conducted a fiber optic exam of the President’s throat based on symptoms of sore throat over the past couple weeks,” said Dr Ronny L Jackson, physician to the President and Director of the White House Medical Unit.
“The exam revealed soft tissue swelling in the posterior throat and I, in consultation with the specialist, determined that further evaluation with a routine CT scan was prudent,”he said, adding that the CT scan was conducted this afternoon purely as a matter of convenience for the President’s schedule. The CT scan was normal.
“The President’s symptoms are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux and will be treated accordingly,” Jackson said.
Obama, who gave up smoking before entering the White House, has had very few medical problems during his nearly six years in office.
TAGS: Barack Obama
More from industry

Uber cab suffers as driver accused of rape in Delhi; firm accused of criminal negligenceSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
A 27-year-old woman has accused an Uber cabs driver of rape here on Friday night, while she was on her way home from a night out partying.
The man was arrested today from Mathura even as the US-based cab firm Uber with whom he worked was directed by Delhi police to join its probe – the company is under scanner for the method it uses to run its operations in India.
Cops said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
The police have issued a notice to Uber under section 161 CrPC.
“We have issued them a notice to join investigation. There are norms to operate such cab service set by the Transport Department and we will see whether they were followed or not,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
The 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav was apprehended from Mathura on Sunday, his home town, by a team of Delhi Police with the help of their counterparts in Uttar Pradesh for the rape of the financial company executive.
Uber issued a statement, saying that it was providing all help to the police in the investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with the police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver’s account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done,” it said.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma revealed that, “The accused (Yadav) has been arrested from Mathura with the help of Uttar Pradesh police. He is being brought to Delhi”.
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman at around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a company in Gurgaon, was headed back to Inderlok, north Delhi.
The Uber cab in which the crime took place was owned by Yadav and he was traced through his mobile number and has been handed over to Delhi police.
As a massive search operation involving 12 Delhi police teams was on in Mathura and other parts of Uttar Pradesh to nab the accused, Delhi Police had earlier in the day announced a cash reward of Rs one lakh for his arrest.
According to the Police, Yadav was residing in a rented accommodation in Chandarpuri locality in Mathura and when the police team reached at his residence, he was not found there.
In the evening, the joint team headed by ASP Ajay Pal of Uttar Pradesh Police apprehended the accused from a house at Meer Magan Highway in Mathura which was at a distance of about one km from his rented accommodation.
The police also said that identity of the owner of the house from where Yadav was arrested was yet to be ascertained.
It said Yadav originally hails from Elau police station area of Mainpuri district in Uttar Pradesh.

REPORT: Drone Nearly Crashed Into Jet At HeathrowMade by: Youtube user TheCyberJom.
Made by: Vimeo user Jenk K.
Made by: YouTube user Jos Stiglingh.
Made by: Eric Sterman.
Made by: Vimeo user Philip Bloom.
Made by: Vimeo user Randy Scott Slavin.
Made by: Vimeo user Robert McIntosh.
Made by: Vimeo user Nate Bolt.
Made by: YouTube user Eddie Codel.
Made by: The New York Times.
Made by: YouTube user Shaun O'Callaghan.
Made by: Team Blacksheep.

The most fascinating SUV of 2014Cadillac's king of bling
Notwithstanding the Japan-only Toyota Land Cruiser 70 Series Anniversary Edition – a paragon of circa-1984 off-roading aesthetics and technology – there may be no more retrograde a vehicle introduced in 2014 than this special-edition SUV. Its sins are legion: body-on-frame construction, when nearly all new SUVs favour a quieter unibody setup; a five-speed automatic transmission, when a pint-size Jeep Renegade will give you nine forward ratios; blackened alloy wheels shod with knobby Nitto Terra Grappler tires, when most carmakers specify asphalt-friendly footwear for their beefier products. The 4Runner TRD Pro seems as concerned with fashion as the prehistoric rock it crawls over.
Maybe because its charms are timeless.
Moving unconscionably fast over desert single-track comes as naturally to the 4Runner TRD Pro as shifting out of Park. Though machines like the Jeep Grand Cherokee SRT have more power and Land Rover LR4 more pedigree, Toyota 4x4s command their own cult of personality , and the 4Runner – sold in spurts over its 30-year history in European, Latin American and Asian markets as the Hilux Surf – is the flagship at the fore, kicking up a rooster tail of grime.
The 2015 TRD Pro version wears abbreviated approach and departure angles to avoid scrapes, up-rated shocks and springs, and the requisite special badging. Because the titular Toyota Racing Development has not tinkered under the hood, the 4Runner’s top-spec 4-litre V6 remains a truck engine through and through – prone to loud, Wet-Vac-like sound effects.
You might have gleaned that refinement is not the 4Runner TRD Pro’s strong suit. But whether approached as a time machine that delivers its driver to simpler pleasures, or a weekend antidote to workaday tedium, the TRD Pro is a hard-charging, tangerine-hued freedom fighter of the dirtiest order.
Second Opinion: Filson Edition AEV Brute
Filson Edition AEV Brute Double Cab. (CC Filson Co)
There is no shortage of aftermarket-enhanced Jeep Wranglers, most of them modified monstrosities with net doors, outsize wheels and million-candlepower light bars. The new Filson Edition of the Brute Double Cab, a four-door Wrangler pickup from American Expedition Vehicles , is not that sort of Jeep. Like everything else from the tweedy US-based outfitter, the Filson Edition Brute is one part square-jawed capability and one part soft-spoken civility. A 475-horsepower Hemi V8 engine supplies the power and 35in BFGoodrich Mud Terrain KM2 tires provide the traction. The body is available only in non-metallic dark green, and the seats wear fine brown Horween hide with tan twill inserts. And, of course, as with everything on the Filson site, from moleskin shirts to tin cloth bush hats, owning one of AEV’s $130,000 green machines is as simple as clicking “Add to Cart”. – Matthew Phenix
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Fascinating Cars of 2014
Editor Matthew Phenix and deputy editor Jonathan Schultz revisited the most fascinating cars of the year. Click here in coming weeks for more honorees.

India s smart cities need smart governmentsMake in India needs a tax boost
Narendra Modi is a leader with an urban vision. As the chief minister of Gujarat, he transformed Ahmedabad with an award-winning sustainable bus transit system and a ‘world-class’ river-front recreation space. Modi’s most ambitious projects in Gujarat are the two planned new ‘smart cities’: the Gujarat International Finance Tec-City, on the outskirts of Ahmedabad, and Dholera, an industrial hub on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor. Still in inception, these cities are at the heart of the new administration’s ambitious plan to transform the crumbling and chaotic image of Indian urbanisation by building a hundred new smart cities.
China is an inspiration for Modi, in the country’s push for modernisation through urbanisation, as well as its state-of-the-art cities such as Tianjin’s famous Eco-city. For urbanising countries such as India and China, smart cities are an opportunity to harness urban growth to sustainable development. Top-of the-line infrastructure is a means to leapfrog the development ladder, jettisoning older, inefficient and unsustainable systems and avoiding the costs of retrofitting. Modi’s new policy has generated excitement amongst business leaders and upwardly-mobile middle-classes tired of living in ‘third-world’ environments. Whether India’s smart city policy will translate into desired outcomes—more sustainable, productive and better-governed cities—is debatable.
Megacities in India, unlike in most other countries, lack autonomous governments with the power to shape their affairs. They are controlled by provincial administrations and managed by a patchwork of state, city and municipal bodies, public and private corporations and village panchayats. For smart systems to substantively improve planning, coordination and governance, it will be necessary to have a centralised metropolitan governing structure in place, accountable to city residents.
City and local governments, responsible for basic public services, have the most direct impact on well-being, particularly that of the poor, but there is a glaring mismatch between their functions, and their finances and capabilities. In India, urban local bodies account for a third of public expenditure but just 3% of revenue. In China, they account for half of public expenditure and 25% of revenue. Property taxes, the main revenue base for municipal governments, constitute just 0.44% of India’s tax revenues, strikingly lower than in other emerging economies. This figure remained stagnant over the past decade, over period of high urban population and GDP growth. The more dependent urban local bodies are on higher-level transfers, the more they underspend on public services and amenities.
In China, unlike in India, city and local governments play a key role in urban development. China is politically centralised, but administratively and fiscally far more decentralised than India. City governments have the tools and resources to plan and manage growth. Urbanisation, historically, has been a time where public institutions are built and strengthened, from utilities to regulatory institutions to social welfare services to public libraries and hospitals. The fragility of civic institutions will have a serious impact on India’s ability to deliver broad-based improvements in well-being to its rapidly growing urban population. In situ rural urbanisation accounted for nearly 30% of urban growth in India over the past decade, creating hundreds of newly-urban settlements without municipal institutions capable of collecting taxes, planning urban development and delivering public services. As a result, slums and informal settlements, once a big city problem, are becoming more widespread.
Most so-called ‘smart city’ or ‘new city’ projects under way in India develop outside official city boundaries. They are not new cities at all, but self-contained commercial, residential or industrial enclaves adjacent to major cities. As the planned enclave grows, so does the informal city outside its bounds, catering to construction labour, domestic workers, contract workers, daily wagers and small-scale retailers, a pattern that has accompanied new city development in India since colonial times.
This pattern of privatised, enclave urbanisation undermines the potential of city governments to grow into effective, well-resourced and democratically-accountable institutions. Provincial levels of government, in charge of urban development policy, typically capture revenues from urban development, while municipal and local authorities deal with the costs. State governments have an incentive to undertake lucrative and prestigious smart city projects without taking into consideration their feasibility or real costs. Some will be vanity projects or real-estate boondoggles, diverting precious public resources that would be better spent improving existing urban settlements or providing public services and infrastructure in urbanised rural areas.
India is experiencing rapid urban growth in a context where city governments are weak or non-existent. Deficiencies in urban governance and management in India reflect structural and institutional problems that will not be resolved by advanced data systems or sensor-equipped infrastructure networks. Public-private partnerships, the Modi government’s preferred model for smart city development and management, in order to serve the public interest as well as private interests, will require an effective and locally-accountable government partner. The trappings of a smart city—cyber highways, digital sensors, smart cards and computerised management systems—will remain just trappings, like the city development plans and environmental policies Indian cities regularly prepare but rarely implement, unless city governments have the incentives and resources to use them.
As an example, a centralised data system might help city authorities analyse where flooding is likely during the monsoons and anticipate related problems of water contamination, disease outbreaks and electrical fires. They could take steps to mitigate risks, reach out to affected communities and line up resources to respond quickly. But their incentives to take coordinated action, which localities to prioritise and which ones to disregard, have to do with politics. A city administration is more likely to be responsive if it is accountable to local citizens. And, of course, if it has the data analysts, engineers, fire-fighters and fire-trucks, public health facilities and staff to execute its plan. Even India’s largest and wealthiest cities are under-resourced and under-equipped.
The plan to build a hundred new smart cities is both grandiosely ambitious as well as deeply inadequate. By 2040, India’s urban population will be over 600 million. Amartya Sen describes India as a place where ‘islands of California’ exist amidst a ‘sea of sub-Saharan Africa’. To mitigate, rather than entrench inequities, India needs an urban agenda that is more wide-ranging, inclusive, sustainable and locally-driven than the one centred on new smart cities. To improve urban environments, support decent jobs, tackle urban poverty or adapt to climate-change, cities need not just policies and computerised management systems, but the incentives and the means to implement them.
By Shahana Chattaraj
TAGS: Narendra Modi Smart Cities India
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Editorial: Relook that tax modelHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
To the extent finance minister Arun Jaitley’s maiden budget got a good response, it had to do with the big increases in Plan expenditure, slated to rise over a fifth after an 14.4% compression in FY14 in relation to what was budgeted. Between rural roads and NHAI, the roads sector was to get R52,189 crore, or double what it got in FY14; MSMEs were to get a R10,000 crore fund to catalyse their growth … None of this, it is now clear, have any hope of getting off the ground. As compared to the planned 21% hike in Plan expenditure—18.8% in the case of capital expenditure—there was a contraction of 0.4% in Plan expenditure in April-October 2014. With the April-October fiscal deficit already reaching 90% of the budget target, some harsher cuts lie ahead; indeed, had it not been for the luck with global oil prices, Jaitley’s budget would have been in shreds several months ago.
One of the first things Jaitley needs to do is to get the chief economic advisor to relook the tax model the ministry uses. In FY14, despite the jugglery in booking some taxes in advance and delaying tax refunds, gross taxes were nearly R80,000 crore below the budget estimate. In FY15, the numbers could also be in that ballpark, perhaps a bit lower if the taxman manages to reach part of the target of reducing the number of pending tax disputes by around 60%—the big transfer pricing cases like Vodafone and Shell, the taxman has to keep in mind, are not going to materialise given the Bombay High Court judgments. How did the taxman project a 17.7% hike in tax collections when nominal GDP was projected to rise just 13.4% in the year? Hardly surprising then, that direct taxes grew just 5.5% in April-October versus the 15.8% estimated in the Budget, and indirect taxes just 5.9% versus the budget’s 20.3%.
Despite this being obvious on even the day the Budget was presented, if FE was optimistic that fiscal targets could be achieved, it was
because of the under-budgeting in revenues. While the finance minister, we said, needed to be aggressive in getting 3G spectrum freed up—this is almost a done deal—the big cushion was in the SUUTI shares the government has. While the Budget is looking at sales of just R6,500 crore from the sale of SUUTI’s Axis Bank shares, there is no reason why the ITC and L&T shares worth R48,970 crore held by SUUTI should not be sold—if the fear is BAT will get control of ITC, this can happen even today if BAT chooses to mop up shares in the market. The other thing Jaitley or his boss need to do is sit down with the agriculture ministry and aggressively sell the extra foodstocks FCI has—just selling the 15 million tonne target fixed some months ago will fetch Jaitley another R22,000-23,000 crore. For FY16, in order to be credible, Jaitley and Modi will have to assume much more realistic tax growth and, more important, they will have to ensure direct benefits transfers are in place and the restructuring of FCI—including ending open-ended procurement—is complete. In July, investors were willing to give the duo the benefit of doubt as there wasn’t enough time for the government to get all its ducks in a row.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Tax
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Editorial: Decentralising planningBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
Given how, over a period of time, state governments had begun to see the Planning Commission (PC) as an instrument of Central government oppression—state budgets couldn’t be finalised without the PC’s inputs and states allied with the Centre got more transfers than others—it is not surprising the new-look PC is to have the states on board. The core team of the PC will be the prime minister and the state chief ministers, and they will meet regularly to decide on what development priorities should be, even design different scheme for different groups of states. The PC’s secretariat’s role will be to help states and central ministries to achieve identified outcomes as well as to strategise over 10–20 year time horizons. And since the new-look PC will have ties with local and global think tanks, presumably this will end the view held by some that the government is not interested in strategic thinking. Appropriately, the PC will have an independent Development Monitoring and Evaluation Office (DMEO), though it is not clear how this will be different from the UPA’s Independent Evaluation Office (IEO). The new-look PC, at least so far, is not going to have a US-style Congressional Budget Office whose job is to evaluate the impact of every major government tax/non-tax policy—perhaps this needs to be built in.
While the idea is, admirably, to give the states more flexibility in their spending—so that their plans will suit their needs and not just Delhi’s—it has to be acknowledged the PC has been much maligned. While states get around half of the total central transfers by way of tax devolutions and are free to spend it as they choose, the bulk of the rest flows through central ministries—so, the rigidity in such funding and the designs of the schemes is more ministry-driven than PC-driven. Making PC-driven funding more flexible is undoubtedly a good thing, but states will never be fully-freed up unless the central ministries loosen their controls or unless the Finance Commission transfers more funds through the automatic tax devolution manner.
TAGS: Planning Commission
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

Making the internet talk localMake in India needs a tax boost
India now has around 200 million internet users. That means almost the entire English-speaking population of the country is already on the web. So, while India is expected to have 500 million internet users by 2017, a lot of this growth is dependent on our ability to eliminate the language barrier on the internet.
Since most of the internet growth in India is happening on mobile, you will see more and more devices adding regional language features over the coming months. Language access is already there, but it could become standard to offer support for multiple languages on all smartphones. It is not easy, but we are surely headed in that direction. Even Samsung, the largest smartphone player, now gives 14 regional languages pre-loaded in its flagship Samsung Galaxy Note 4 device.
There are also attempts being made to offer English access to those who are intimidated by the language. For instance, Firstouch, a Mumbai-based company founded by IIT graduates, has launched what they call the world’s first regional smartphone which can translate and transliterate text from Gujarati to English and vice-versa with just a swipe. Look at the possibilities of letting someone who does not know English converse with others in the language. Firstouch is headed for other languages in the near future.
But the bigger challenge is opening up the web to Indian languages. While you have been able to search in Indian languages for a few years now, anyone who has an option used to stay away from the ordeal. Now that Google has launched full voice search in Hindi, anyone can just tap the search button and ask Google to find an answer. And the Hindi voice search is throwing good results at the moment.
Hindi is too big an opportunity for Google to have overlooked. As a measure of the lack of content in local languages, Google India MD Rajan Anandan cites the example of Hindi pages on Wikipedia—strangely, there are just 22,000 pages catering to 400 million people who speak the language. This is why, along with the launch of Hindi voice search, Google also roped in an array of partners to usher in the Indian Language Internet Alliance to offer better content and technology for the Hindi-speaking population. The search giant is working on everything from Hindi language keyboards to fonts to give this effort the push it needs. Its partners, meanwhile, will provide regional language content that will act as the bait for the people to start searching and using the net in their native language.
So, what can languages offer to the growth of internet in India? According to a study done by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB International, regional language content availability can boost the growth of internet in India by 24%. A recent report by MindShift Interactive gives a good indication of where these numbers can come from. There is no Indian language in the top 10 languages used on Facebook even though we are the second country in terms of volume with over 110 million users. The report says Indians prefer to write using English alphabets, even though the content may be read out in Hindi. It adds that those who have tried to engage in regional languages on social media have done much better than those doing the same in India. Now, just imagine the kind of reach Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have if he starts engaging on social media in Indian languages too.
But if you ask me, the next big push will come from mobile and that too with the help of voice. If I can read the trends right, the written word might soon become inconsequential to a lot of first-time internet users. Yes, those who want to read content will need to be able to read text, but content consumption beyond text as well as the discovery and navigation of the same could happen purely by voice. For those shifting to their first smartphones from feature phones in the coming couple of years, the spoken word could well be the key to the internet.
nandagopal.rajan@ expressindia.com
TAGS: Internet
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Containing the rising stressed assets in Indian banksMake in India needs a tax boost
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan recently observed that large borrowers in the country, by defaulting wilfully, rob the taxpayers, and that obviously makes new funding of projects costlier. Rajan concluded that the need is to apply the current laws in a timely and fair manner, establish new institutions such as bankruptcy courts and, most importantly, change the mindset so as not to ‘lionise’ the wilful defaulters as captains of industry. The issue of lenders and borrowers in the banking industry especially assumes significance in the face of extending financial inclusion involving savings of the innocent and sometimes illiterate and vulnerable population.
The issue of stressed assets (SAs) and rising non-performing assets (NPAs) needs a careful examination. There are traditional reasons such as slowdown of the economy, stress on priority sector, political pressures and global factors. But there could be some more factors which need further consideration. According to available facts, some public sector banks (PSBs) have recorded SAs exceeding 10% of advances while others close to 20%. Yet there are PSBs, interestingly Karnataka-based such as Canara Bank, Vijaya Bank, State Bank of Mysore and Corporation Bank, which have not recorded similarly high SAs.
The need is to undertake extensive research on why SAs are rising in select PSBs. In a diverse country such as India, with different climatic zones, cultures and occupational structures, banking habits differ. Thus, a segmented and focused study on different banks and regions is probably necessary. Illustratively, literacy levels and general attitude helps to determine the choice between saving and term deposits. In banks dominating in north India, the level of savings accounts vis-a-vis term deposits is generally large as compared to the trend in south India. Similarly, banks which broadly have a wider retail base have not recorded higher stressed assets unlike banks which have significant exposure to corporates. But building a retail base requires a different skill-set than extending large loans to select corporates.
The fact that private sector and foreign banks have not been recording high SAs should throw up issues for PSBs. The characteristic difference, probably, is on the recovery of loans. An excellent illustration is the financing of the tractor industry where PSBs have generally pulled out after a sharp rise in NPAs recorded a few years ago but private banks continue to flourish. In the case of private banks, instalments are made on mutual agreement, sometimes based on cropping pattern and collected by agents from the homes of the borrowers, against receipts delivered through hand-held devices. The KYC norms are generally very simple but to ensure recovery, three blank cheques on returnable basis are provided by the borrower before a loan is availed. Thus, the process of lending and recovery are inter-linked with a focus on recovery as an end-product which PSBs, probably, have to adopt from private banks. Also, strategy on ensuring recovery of loans, in all likelihood, requires a different approach for specific economic activity and industry, and region.
To enhance recovery, one strategy could be to incentivise the top PSB management to improve the recovery record. The reward in monetary terms could extend for a stipulated years and, if necessary, beyond retirement. To serve as a deterrent, negative incentives should also be instituted. Rajan observed the example of Barcelona where the ultimate punishment was beheading in case of default. In modern times, it could translate into implications for pension in case the loan extended during the service period, translated into NPAs within a stipulated time frame.
Easy access of public money available to PSBs, having implications for innocent taxpayers, should not be casually handled.
The onus of rising SAs has also to be shared by chartered accountants and auditors who are associated with these PSBs and are responsible for concurrent audits and preparing the balance sheets. Similarly, rating agencies on the basis of which commercial banks take decisions to invest and extend loans to the corporates. Finally, it would be useful to study the qualifications and expertise of the valuers that are on the panels of commercial banks.
Banking activity cannot be divorced from the society and there is the larger issue of declining ethical standards across India. Is there more pressure on banks to lend without considering long-term interests? Is it an incentive structure, lax governance, absence of regulatory architecture or weak enforcement? Ethics in banking are not a soft subject any more, as they bear influence on financial stability, economic growth and jobs. Thus, commercial banks have to ensure there are regular, probably annual, training sessions on ethics for its middle and senior level employees.
Finally, should the government bail out the PSBs with stressed assets? A better alternative for a stern demonstration effect could be to ask the stressed PSBs, who know their customers best, to formulate time-bound strategies to recover loans. In case these PSBs are successful, which implies that taxpayers have been saved of the additional burden, they should be rewarded. In contrast, a financial penalty, to the extent of naive taxpayer’s money that is used in the bailout, should be imposed on the respective PSB that fails to improve recovery.
Rajan has raised a crucial point that needs extensive research in addressing the issue of rising NPAs in PSBs which are different in ownership and follow different strategy to finance and recover loans from private banks. In addition to better training of the staff, standardisation of norms, improvement in credit appraisal, post-disbursement supervision and credit monitoring, there is need to put emphasis and improve recovery. The National Institute of Bank Management and Indian Bankers Association should probably play an important role in such focused analysis of the malady to ensure higher recovery now and lower NPAs in the future.
By Charan Singh
The author is RBI Chair Professor of Economics, IIM Bangalore. Views are personal
(The author has previously worked in a commercial bank and RBI)
TAGS: Canara Bank Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Pooja Bhatt ends her marriage with Manish MakhijaPooja Bhatt ends her 11 yrs marriage with hubby Manish Makhija
By Rachana Sheth, Glamsham Editorial
Now actor-director Pooja Bhatt's marriage with former VJ Manish Makhija has hit the rock bottom. The duo has ended their 11 year of nuptial bond by mutually parting ways.
Pooja Bhatt took to a micro-blogging site and posted, "To all those who care and especially those that don't my husband Munna and Me have decided to part ways after 11 glorious years of marriage."
She further added, "Our split as some might call it is amicable and we hold each other in the highest esteem for now and forever. The reason I explain Is because we are both part of the public domain. Our friends,well wishers and foes are free to now speculate. : )"
In fact, the trouble in their paradise started to occur long back. It's only now that the couple, especially Pooja has come forth to announce about the break-up!
I would've been great for 'Bigg Boss' TRPs: Diandra Soares
Mumbai, Dec 15 (IANS) Model Diandra Soares created quite a stir inside "Bigg Boss 8" right till her eviction when it was reported that she was pregnant. And had her stint on the reality show continued, she says her "absolutely outrageous" avatar would have pushed up its ratings. …
Bipasha Basu’s Topless And Steamy Love Moves In Katra Teaser
Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover have created a stir, especially after the rumours of their love affairThe trailer of their film Alone, which recently released, has crossed over 3 million views on YouTube.Get ready for the wildest song of the season featuring Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover from movie Alone.The makers of the horror-thriller have released the ‘Katra’ Song teaser, which has some hottest love making scenes starring Bipasha and Karan Singh Gorver. In the song, Bipasha is …
Bigg Boss 8: Diandra Soares On Her Pregnancy Controversy
After a journey of thirteen dramatic weeks in Bigg Boss 8 house, Diandra’s journey came to an end as she received the lowest number of votes for the week. She was seen as a vibrant and entertaining contestant. She was popular for her changing hairstyles and leadership quality.The 35-year-old, who was considered to be one of the strongest contenders in the Bigg Boss 8 house, was voted out on Sunday. Diandra was low last week because of her poor health. In fact, she was also taken to a hospital …
Alia Bhatt, Fawad Khan, John Abraham, Gautam Gulati In Sushant Singh Rajput’s Dhoni Biopic?
After Sushant Singh Rajput, who is playing Indian cricketer MS Dhoni’s role in the biopic, he will be seen romancing Alia Bhatt.Alia Bhatt will essay the role of Sakshi Dhoni wife of Indian cricket team captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni.Salman Khan’s Bigg Boss Season 8 house : Click Here For Breaking Updates, PhotosIf the rumours are to be believed, the film will have a star studded Indian cricket team. ‘Khoobsurat‘ star Fawad Khan will play Virat Kohli in the film, while John Abraham will be seen …

Modi-Putin meet: India  Russia to set out energy vision  Siberian deals eyedBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
India and Russia will strike an energy partnership when Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosts President Vladimir Putin on Thursday to prepare the way for two Siberian oil deals and chart a route for a first pipeline between the two countries.
But a joint ‘vision’ document is likely to lack hard details, with terms still being thrashed out for India’s ONGC Videsh to acquire an interest in Rosneft’s Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye oilfields, officials and industry sources on both sides say.
There are doubts over the viability of proposed oil and gas pipeline routes that would either cross conflict-ridden Afghanistan and Pakistan – India’s arch enemy – or mountainous tracts of inner China.
Russia, isolated by the West over its annexation of Crimea and backing of an armed uprising in eastern Ukraine, has a friendship with India that dates back to the Soviet era.
“In the present circumstances, when Europe is trying to isolate Russia, Putin wants to show that he has friends in the world,” said Gulshan Sachdeva, head of the Centre for European Studies at Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi.
“Modi and Putin are similar leaders. They like to announce big schemes,” Sachdeva added. “It might make sense to do so – whether or not they come to fruition is another matter.”
New Delhi explicitly rules out joining Western sanctions against Russia although Modi has struck up an increasingly warm friendship with President Barack Obama since winning power in May, and will host the U.S. leader in January.
Putin has been a regular visitor to India since becoming president in 2000 but the trip will be a one-day affair. A proposal for him to address India’s parliament was quietly dropped.
Russo-Indian trade, at $10 billion, is only one-ninth of the volume between Russia and China.
NEW TIES
Indian and Russian officials say the strategic declaration will encompass issues from defence to nuclear power and even diamonds, with state monopoly Alrosa keen to ramp up exports to India.
“The visit will solidify the political relationship; confirm Russia as India’s principal purveyor of arms; and expand ties in other areas, such as nuclear energy,” said Dmitri Trenin, director of the Carnegie Moscow Center.
State-controlled Rosneft, the world’s largest listed oil firm by output, is strapped for cash due to Western sanctions, and is showing increased willingness to offer upstream projects to India.
But wrangling continues over the interest ONGC Videsh would get in Vankor, which is expected to reach peak output of 500,000 barrels per day in 2019.
Indian government sources say that Rosneft has offered a 10 percent stake in the Vankor operating company, but that New Delhi is pushing for a 25 percent interest that would allow ONGC Videsh to book equity barrels.
India is also seeking tax breaks on a proposed 49 percent stake in Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye, a greenfield project in eastern Siberia, because under Russia’s existing fiscal regime the field would lose money.
State oil firm Oil and Natural Gas Corp’s overseas arm partners Rosneft and U.S. ExxonMobil in the Sakhalin-1 offshore energy project. ONGC also owns struggling Siberian producer Imperial Energy.
The aspiration to build a pipeline passage to India will be “there” in the joint Indo-Russian statement, a second Indian official said, but details remain sketchy.
Russia’s ambassador to India, Alexander Kadakin, told reporters that an export route via China’s westernmost province of Xinjiang was under consideration but needed to be studied further due to challenging terrain.
Indian officials have pushed the idea of a $40 billion pipeline to pump Siberian gas to India, but even if it is practicable it would struggle to compete with tanker-shipped liquefied natural gas.
India imports 80 percent of the 4 million bpd of crude that it consumes daily, making an oil link a more promising option, yet proposals have so far failed to get off the drawing board.
Russia’s Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean oil pipeline has a capacity of 1.6 million bpd, while state natural gas monopoly Gazprom is working to finalise a $400 billion deal to pump gas to China.
TAGS: Narendra Modi ONGC Videsh Vladimir Putin
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

Stocks Drop 1% as China Sparks Global Worriesstocks drop 1% as china sparks global worries
Marketers -- When Is "Who and Why" More Important Than "Where"reddit
Big data is a wonderful tool for marketers and we all love it when we can see past trends and even forecast with predictive analytics and consumer rich insights. With all that being said, it appears to me that  "where" has trumped many of the other factors a marketer pays attention to. Is that really where all of us should place our focus?
Big brands have the luxury to dive into big data and uncover previously unseen and unknown, big opportunities. Those brands can then deploy a team of marketers and creative gurus to implement an entire marketing initiative designed to focus on the exact market opportunity they discovered. However, a high percentage of us work with small to medium sized businesses that cannot devote the time, energy and resources to do that.
Speaking of big brands, let's hear what the biggest,
most influential brand has to say about
why we should care about location or "where."
According to Google research , four in five people use search to find local information. Collectively, these searches provide a view into consumer interest and intent in a given place. Today, we can use that intent to offer the most relevant ads, but that's only half the picture. Location data can also provide rich consumer insights that inform strategy from the start, before there's even an ad to distribute.
- Lisa Gevelber, VP, Americas, Google
Lisa has a very good point and she is spot on, insights are very important. However, I do not think that is perfectly aligned with the "where." I would argue that the emotion aspect of an ad is more effective when the marketer knows "who and why."
"Who and Why"
Most companies start their marketing thinking and planning by diving into their personas and the nuances of them, which does include "where." Personas also include "Who" attributes and many others that also show motivational aspects of "why" they purchase. I prefer to lead with the "Who and Why" as opposed to the "Where." It is easier to create marketing content relevant to people, their motivations for buying, their problems and their needs rather than a location. People buy, locations don't.
By knowing the problems your customers face, you can cater your content to your audience in a way that they'll find valuable. Use these insights into your customers' needs and wants to identify the topics your prospects want to learn more about, and create content around those topics. - HubSpot
Yes, I do agree that marketers need to pay attention to "where?" - it is very important. For brands that do not rely heavily on advertising but draw customers from around the US, the "where" becomes less important and the "who & why" takes the lead. For big brand marketers out there, I understand why the "where" is critical. For us marketers that have to bootstrap campaigns and solve problems with far less resources, the "where" just is not as important.
Maybe a day will come when "Where, Why and Who" will be one and marketers will be able to apply one solution to solve their problems. However, that doesn't exist yet and we must be creative problem solvers to figure out the best way to open the floodgates to create lead-generation paths and results that are relevant, targeted and applicable to "who" our prospective customer really is.
Related Huffington Post Article:
Follow Scott MacFarland on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@scmacfarland
More:

Re: Re: FWD: (No Subject): How Sloppy Emails Ruin Your ProductivityThe big event is approaching. Contract attached.
(No subject)
Wait a minute - WHAT?  These emails were just sent to me, and I have no idea what any of it means. To make matters even worse, these are just a FEW examples of the sloppy emails that arrive daily. And almost immediately upon arrival, they turn my inbox into a slovenly mess.
In writing my new book, Work Simply, coming out in January, I did a lot of work to dig deep into understanding our approaches to email and email management. I discovered that we're all bogged down by the sheer volume of email. And it takes a lot of time for us to slough through that volume because these emails are unclear, ambiguous and flat out sloppy. Discerning exactly what we need to know or do and determining if a response is needed requires a lot of our attention and focus.
These sloppy emails waste your time. And they cost you hours each week. Which means they're also costing you money.
So, when you feel like you're drowning in a sea of sloppy, thick, unclear mud in your inbox, how do you begin to clean up the mess? AND then, how do prevent it from reoccurring?
Automate your responses to unclear messages. When you receive an email message that is unclear, vague or just causes you to say 'WHAT?', send a response asking for additional information or clarification. To do this quickly, use a text expander software app, like FastFox for PCs or Text Expander for Mac. A text expander works in any program, including your email platform, and allows you to insert commonly used text with just a keyboard short cut. No longer will you waste your precious time typing out a response, you will reply automatically within seconds.
Craft more effective email messages. Dramatically reduce the volume of email messages you receive by crafting more effective email messages that are understood upon opening and do  not require multiple back and forth emails asking clarifying questions. To craft more effective email messages, answer the following four key questions in every single email you send - who, why, what and how.
Who? This breaks down into two sub-questions: "Who needs to respond to, take action on, or make a decision about this information?" Put their name(s) on the to: line. "Who needs to know this information?" Put their name(s) on the cc: line.
Why? Look back at the names on the to: line and the cc: line.  For each name, ask yourself, "Why is this person involved in the project? Why am I emailing them? Why do they need to know? Why does this information matter to them? Why does it matter to the broader organization?"  Then think about what you know about those individuals--their interests, needs, backgrounds, and communication styles.  Make sure the tone, style, and content of your email matches up--just as you would choose appropriate words, tone, and body language if you were sitting across a table from them and discussing the topic in person.
What? Ask yourself a series of what questions to help shape the content of your email.  "What is the purpose of the email? What are the main points to be communicated in this email? What are the key facts? What references or research data need to be included? What must everyone know?" Do not hit the send button until you have included every piece of detail required.
How? Ask yourself, "How do I want recipients to respond?"  Describe this explicitly in your email.  If there's a deadline, say so.  If you want an email response, say that.  If you need suggested dates for a meeting, names of possible project participants, a list of questions or key ideas to be considered, or any other specific input, describe it.  Never assume that people will understand what you want--tell them as straightforwardly as possible.
Use the subject line to improve email response time. Please, never let yourself hit the send button while the subject line of your email reads RE:RE or FWD:FWD, or some cryptic phrase that relates to a prior email message. Why? Because when you send an email like this, you're sending a message into the world with an unclear purpose. Do not be part of creating the email pigsty we have come to expect and accept. The subject line of your email message is your topic sentence. It clearly states the topic of the email. A clear subject line is essential if you want to communicate effectively and improve both the quality and response time on the email messages you send. Make sure the subject lines on your email messages reflect the current topic, purpose or desired outcome. When you respond to an email you've received, change the subject line to make it current and clear. Consider using some of the following standard email subject lines:
Action Required - DATE
FYI - 3rd Paragraph Client X Mention
Update: TOPIC
NRN - No response needed
EOM - End of message
The last subject line above (EOM) is an especially powerful one.  Here's how it works: when you have a short, simple message to convey, type the entire email in the subject line of the email, and put EOM at the end. (For example, "Tuesday marketing meeting moved to 2 p.m. EOM.")  Now your recipient does not have to open the email message, saving them precious minutes.
It is time to take back control and clean up the pigsty that is disguising itself as your inbox.
What can you do now?
Download a text expander app. Not only can you use this for your emails, it works in all programs so you can save hours each week by eliminating typing out commonly used phrases, sentences and paragraphs.
Before you send that next email, do a quick check: does it answer the Who, Why, What, and How questions? If not, make the appropriate changes before pressing send.
Change the subject line on the next email you receive the current topic of that email.
Pre-order Work Simply for additional ideas, tools and strategies to take back control of your inbox.
To pre-order Work Simply, please visit: http://www.carsontate.com/book/
Follow Carson Tate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thecarsontate
More:

Facebook Year in Review: Elections most trending topic  India Gate most checked into locationSahara Group awaits court verdict that may give jailed Subrata Roy freedom
With over 110 million users, Facebook must be a good measure of what was trending in India in 2014. And India, Facebook’s second largest country in volume terms, was a bit different from the rest of the world. So while the FIFA World Cup was the top trending topic globally, in India the general elections was on top this year, says the 2014 Year in review compiled by Facebooks’s Data Analyst Betsy Cameron, Consumer Content Manager Angie Newman and Product Marketing Manager Peter Yang.
Globally the top trending topics included the Ebola virus outbreak, elections in Brazil, the death of Robin Williams and of course the ice bucket challenge. However, after the elections the Indian were more engaged with the IPL, even more than the Fifa World Cup, followed by the Mars Orbiter Mission and the Kashmir Floods. Technology got the better of entertainment for a change as Chinese smartphone company Xiaomi entering the country was a bigger topic that both Alia Bhatt and the Mary Kom biopic.
Among the most checked in place, India Gate topped ahead of the Taj Mahal and the Gurdwara Bangla Sahib. The Nandi Hills near Mysore and the new LuLu Mall in Kochi also figured in the list.
Cookie Jam was the most popular Facebook game globally and not Candy Crush, which found itself at third position behind Bubble Witch 2 Saga. The Year in Review top 10 lists were measured by how frequently a topic was mentioned in Facebook posts made between January and December 2014. The list is based on Facebook posts analyzed in an aggregated, anonymised way, and then ranked to create a snapshot of the year on Facebook.
TAGS: Facebook
More from industry

Bitcoin Trust wins 48K bitcoins auctioned by...You are here: Home > Collections
Bitcoin Trust wins 48,000 bitcoins auctioned by US government
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 10.21PM IST
Tags:
Barry Silbert
(The US Marshals Service…)
NEW YORK: Bitcoin Investment Trust , an investment fund focused on the digital currency for high net-worth individuals, has won the bidding for 48,000 bitcoins auctioned last Thursday, Brendan O'Connor, managing director of the SecondMarket exchange, said on Tuesday.
The US Marshals Service auctioned 50,000 bitcoins last week seized from the alleged owner of Silk Road, an Internet black-market bazaar where authorities say drugs and other illegal goods could be bought.
O'Connor said the Bitcoin Trust bid was done in conjunction with the trading division of SecondMarket, an exchange for bitcoins launched by Barry Silbert . He declined to disclose details of the bid or the members of the SecondMarket syndicate.
Lynzey Donahue, a Marshals Service spokeswoman, confirmed in an email that the Bitcoin Trust syndicate won the 48,000 bitcoins, adding that the transfer of the funds was completed on Monday.
The remaining 2,000 bitcoins went to venture capitalist Tim Draper , the venture capitalist said last Friday in an emailed statement to Reuters. Donahue declined to confirm this.
Draper said he successfully bid on one lot on behalf of Draper Associates.
Draper also declined to disclose the price he paid.
The move helps fulfill his plan to invest 300 bitcoins in every business that participates in Boost, a program for bitcoin-related startups founded by his son, Adam Draper.
Last week's second auction of bitcoins by the US Marshals showed a drastic decline in bidders from the first sale in June. The first auction attracted 45 bidders, with 63 bids, while the December sale showed just 11 buyers and 27 bids, according to the Marshals Service office.
Bitcoin on Tuesday was down 2 per cent at $352.24. It rose to a high of more than $1,000 in December last year, but
has lost more than 50 per cent of its value so far in 2014.
The digital currency's volatility, a consequence of its decentralized nature and its small trading volume, has been a major obstacle to its growth.
"A lot of people are underwater in their bitcoin positions this year," said George Samman, chief operating officer, at BTC.sx, a bitcoin derivatives trading platform.
"The bitcoin story is not as hot as it used to be. The whole ecosystem is growing by leaps and bounds and bitcoin is being accepted more widely, but the price keeps going down. To consumers in general, price matters."
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Stocks: Global demand worries drag Wall Street lowerYou are here: Home > Collections
Dow, S&P 500 edge down on global worries; Nasdaq climbs
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 10.43PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(US stocks were sharply lower…)
NEW YORK: The Dow and S&P 500 fell on Tuesday following concerns about global weakness and political turmoil, while the Nasdaq edged higher along with tech shares and energy.
All three indexes pared losses after midday, with the S&P 500 cutting its decline in half. Apple shares were up 0.5 percent and among the biggest boosts to the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. Advancing issues now outnumber declining ones on the NYSE by 1,654 to 1,416, for a 1.17-to-1 ratio.
Small-cap stocks also bounced, with the Russell 2000 index last up 1.4 percent.
"The market in general is digesting a very big move since its October 15 low," said Adam Sarhan, chief executive of Sarhan Capital in New York. "Less than two moths ago we were flat for the year, so investors are very hypersensitive to potential downdrafts in the market at this stage in the game."
Brent crude rebounded to climb 0.9 percent after it touched a fresh five-year low of $65.29. Oil prices have been under pressure as the dollar strengthened and OPEC decided against an output cut, with Brent down more than 40 percent from its June high. The S&P energy index was up 0.5 percent after losing 3.9 percent on Monday.
US telecom stocks led losses on the S&P 500 following concerns about an industry price war after Verizon Communications warned that promotions in its wireless business would bite into its fourth-quarter profit. The S&P telecom index was down 3.2 percent while Verizon shares were down 4.2 percent, the biggest drag on both the Dow and S&P 500.
At 2:53 p.m., the Dow Jones industrial average fell 91.58 points, or 0.51 percent, to 17,760.9, the S&P 500 lost 7.22 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,053.09 and the Nasdaq Composite added 8.73 points, or 0.18 percent, to 4,749.42.
Greece unnerved investors after the government brought a presidential vote forward in a political gamble that raised uncertainty over the country's transition out of its bailout.
Adding to the cautious tone was uncertainty over whether the U.S. Federal Reserve will change its pledge to keep rates near zero for a "considerable time" when policymakers meet next week.
After its seventh straight weekly gain, the S&P 500 is up 9.5 percent from its October low, but down 1.7 percent in the past two sessions.
The S&P 500 was posting 28 new 52-week highs and 16 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 74 new highs and 146 new lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI India launches first homegrown economic indicatoreconomic indicator
The country now has another monthly economic index, with State Bank of India on Tuesday launching a tool that will primarily track manufacturing activity to offer a forward-looking economic trends. The SBI Composite Index rivals the existing data point from British lender HSBC.
The SBI index has been developed on the basis of the bank’s internal loan portfolio, which mirrors the credit demand in the country, and other data sets available in public domain.
“The index will analyse data from manufacturing and services industries to determine expansion or contraction in the economy,” SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told reporters here while announcing the product. The bank has created two indices — the SBI Monthly Composite Index and the SBI Yearly Composite Index. Both fulfil complementary purposes such as month-on-month sentiment movement and year-on-year growth forecast, respectively.
The index would also take into account other indicators of economic activities such as consumer spending, mining, interest rates, inflation and exchange rates on a monthly basis. The indices would be released every month post-RBI’s credit growth numbers, she said, adding the data collection would not be outsourced as was the case with the HSBC data.
Oommen A. Ninan adds:
Lending rates can be cut when credit picks up
Ms. Bhattacharya said a cut in lending rates were possible when “little bit more of pick up would take place in credit.”
She also said the Reserve Bank of India should signal the market with a deeper cut in policy rate for banks to reduce lending rates.

Exxon Sees Abundant Oil  Gas Far Into FutureIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Nissan Agrees to Settle Faulty Brakes LawsuitIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

6 ways the U.S. military appears in the CIA interrogation reportBy Dan Lamothe December 9 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. military police guard Taliban and al-Qaeda detainees on Jan. 11, 2002, in a holding area at Naval Base Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (Photo by Petty Officer 1st class Shane T. McCoy/U.S. Navy/via Getty Images)
The long-anticipated report on the CIA’s secret interrogation and prison system was released by the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday, leveling new allegations of brutality and dishonesty against members of the agency and questioning its effectiveness. It could have widespread implications for the United States abroad, and has prompted the Pentagon to put military units across the world on a heightened alert status .
The 528-page executive summary released to the public draws distinctions between how the U.S. military and the CIA handled its detainees. In fact, it says that that while the CIA first favored holding detainees abroad in U.S. military bases in fall 2001. But the agency decided against doing so in March 2002 in order to avoid declaring to the International Committee of the Red Cross that it had captured Abu Zabaida, who is accused by the U.S. of being involved in a major al-Qaeda facilitator.
The U.S. military ties into the interrogation report in others ways, too. Here are six other examples:
2. ‘Coercive interrogation techniques’ were adopted from Air Force training
A number of the techniques that the CIA sought approval from the Justice Department to use were adapted from U.S. Air Force Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape school, which is designed, in part, to prepare U.S. troops “for the conditions and treatment to which they might be subjected if taken prisoner by countries that do not adhere to the Geneva Conventions,” the report says.
More broadly, SERE school is designed to teach military personnel how to survive on their own in any environment, whether it is because they have been abandoned, are lost or have crashed in a plane that leaves them stranded. It is carried out in several places, including Fort Benning, Ga., and Fairchild Air Force Base, Wash.
3. Detaining alleged terrorists at Guantanamo Bay was suggested by CIA officials early on
In November 2001, senior CIA officials sent an internal memo pushing for detainees to be kept at a U.S. military base outside the United States. It urged Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet to push the Defense Department at the highest levels “to have the US Military agree to host a long-term facility, and have them identify an agreeable location.” Guantanamo was recommended, and the detention center there was established in January 2002.
The report says that five detainees were kept at Guantanamo Bay beginning in September 2003 at a CIA facility that was separate from the military detention center. By April 2004, however, they all had been moved to CIA prisons in other countries.
4. The Pentagon declined to get involved in aspects of the CIA program
The CIA Detention and Interrogation Program was “inherently unsustainable,” and started to collapse as news of it leaked in the press. In 2005 and 2006, the Defense Department repeatedly declined to get involved, even when asked for assistance by the CIA, the report says.
“Lack of access to adequate medical care for detainees in countries hosting the CIA’s detention facilities caused recurring problems,” the report said. “The refusal of one host country to admit a severely ill detainee into a local hospital due to security concerns contributed to the closing of the CIA’s detention facility in that country. The U.S. Department of Defense also declined to provide medical care to detainees upon CIA request.”
5. A military legal officer who saw a ‘black site’ raised concerns about it
In October 2002, a U.S. military legal adviser visited “detention site Cobalt,” which The Washington Post has determined to be one of the CIA’s “black sites” in Afghanistan. According to the report, he found that the detainee Ridha Ahmad Najar was wearing a diaper, kept in isolation in total darkness and left hanging from an overhead bar to which he was handcuffed.
After seeing the site, the military officer raised concerns, saying Najar’s interrogation “would involve risks for the U.S. military,” the report says. The CIA official in charge of the site had little experience, the officer noted.
6. CIA contractors drew on military experience to develop interrogation plan
Two former psychologists at the Air Force SERE school, Grayson Swigert and Hammond Dunbar, pseudonyms for James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen, are cited for their roles in developing the CIA plan. They had no previous experience as interrogators, but used their experience to consult on psychological aspects of the CIA program while working as contractors, the report says.
The two men had no direct experience with waterboarding because it is not used in SERE school. Nevertheless, they recommended it as an “absolutely convincing technique” to use on Abu Zubaida, the report said. They did so while noting that the Navy used it in training, and had not reported any long-term consequences on individuals who underwent it. The Navy uses it only in a single training exercise, rather than in multiple sessions, the report adds.
7. Defense Department grew tired of ‘ghost detainees’
The CIA and Pentagon were at odds over how to treat detainees, the report said. In September 2004, then-Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz indicated he would not support the CIA’s position that notifying the Red Cross committee of all detainees in U.S. custody would hurt national security, it added.
The Defense Department “did not believe an adequate articulation of military necessity or national security reasons warranting nondisclosure existed, was “tired of ‘taking hits’ for CIA ‘ghost detainees,” and believed the U.S. government “should not be in the position of causing people to ‘disappear,’” according to an internal CIA e-mail cited in the report.
Related:
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, in Baghdad for meetings, says commanders are on high alert, but he is satisfied that the CIA report released by the Senate is sufficiently redacted to “protect our people.” (AP)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Can the death penalty be abolishedBy Sandhya Somashekhar December 9 Follow @sandhyawp
This undated file photo provided by the Georgia Department of Corrections shows convicted murderer Robert Wayne Holsey. Holsey is scheduled to be executed Tuesday, Dec. 9. (AP Photo/Georgia Department of Corrections)
Just hours before a scheduled execution in Georgia, a coalition of civil rights groups announced a new push to end the death penalty in the United States.
The groups, including NAACP and Amnesty International, said there was new momentum for the cause as support for capital punishment erodes, more states abolish the death penalty and a series of botched executions  has opened Americans’ eyes to what they view as the brutality of the practice. They condemned it as an outdated, immoral and racist institution and pledged to redouble their efforts to reach out to the 90 million Americans, who they said oppose the practice.
“The practice of government-sponsored execution simply has no place in a modern criminal justice system,” said Norman L. Reimer, executive director of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, one of the groups in the “90 Million Strong” coalition. The coalition was convened by the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty.
The announcement came as another controversial execution loomed — that of Robert Wayne Holsey, a convicted cop-killer in Georgia who is scheduled to die by lethal injection at 7 p.m. Tuesday. A parole board refused to grant clemency to Holsey on Monday, “apparently unpersuaded by evidence that he was ineptly represented at trial by a drunken lawyer, had an exceptionally harsh childhood and has a severe intellectual deficit,” according to The New York Times .
The trial lawyer admitted he was drinking as much as a quart of vodka a day and at the time of Holsey’s conviction was facing theft charges of his own, the Times said.
It’s not exactly an unfamiliar story. By this point, many Americans are no doubt familiar with the fact that African Americans are disproportionately convicted of capital crimes , that indigent criminals often receive subpar representation and that those who commit capital crimes sometimes suffer from mental and intellectual disabilities . But would they go so far as to abolish the death penalty?
The answer is, probably not. Sixty percent of Americans favor the death penalty, according to a June Washington Post-ABC News poll , while 37 percent are opposed.
Still, this coalition may have some hope. Support for the death penalty is down substantially from 1994, when 80 percent of Americans supported the death penalty, the poll showed. And for the first time, the poll showed that more than half of Americans say they prefer a life sentence for convicted murderers rather than execution, with the shift primarily resulting from changing opinions among nonwhites.
Sandhya Somashekhar is the social change reporter for the Washington Post.

Using constitutional amendments to teach federalismBy Randy Barnett December 9
I received a very gratifying message from two high school teachers that (with their permission) I am reprinting here. It turns out that at least one of them is a regular reader of the Volokh Conspiracy!
We are high school teachers at a charter school in Raleigh, NC.  I teach AP Government and Politics and most of our students are 10th graders.  We’ve often had trouble getting them to understand how important the concept of federalism is and how it affects so many aspects of their lives.
This year we decided to use your proposed amendments to hold a mock NC ratification convention for five of your amendments as if those amendments had been voted out of Congress. We had read your column about your amendments in the Wall Street Journal and thought your proposals would make a good foundation for the students to delve deeper into these concepts.
The students had to research arguments supporting and opposing your amendments and apply what we’ve learned to debate in class.  We held the convention last week and it was so gratifying to see 15-year old students talking about how the federal government had expanded the Commerce Clause and why that might be a good or bad development for states.  Or to hear them debate unfunded mandates when a week previously they hadn’t known what a federal mandate was and how that power has been abused.
The kids really enjoyed it and we even heard them discussing federalism at lunch and after school!  This is the most successful class activity I’ve used since I started teaching this class 12 years ago and Melani started four years ago and we wanted to express our gratitude for your proposals.  We don’t know that we’ll ever see any action on any of your proposed amendments, but they did help interest a new generation of students.
In case you’re interested, over three sections of AP Government, we ratified Amendments 2 and 8 and they voted down Amendments 3, 6, and 7.
Betsy Newmark
Melani Winter
Here are the proposed amendments as they appear in the newly revised edition of Restoring the Lost Constitution (which also contains an explanation of the rationale for each):
Article [of Amendment 1]—[Restrictions on Tax Powers of Congress]
Section 1. Congress shall make no law laying or collecting taxes upon incomes, gifts, or estates, or upon aggregate consumption or expenditures; but Congress shall have power to levy a uniform tax on the sale of goods or services.
Section 2. Any imposition of or increase in a tax, duty, impost, or excise shall require the approval of three-fifths of the House of Representatives and three-fifths of the Senate, and shall separately be presented to the president of the United States.
Section 3. This article shall be effective five years from the date of its ratification, at which time the 16th Article of amendment is repealed.
Article [of Amendment 2]—[Limits of Commerce Power]
The power of Congress to make all laws which are necessary and proper to regulate commerce among the several States, or with foreign nations, shall not be construed to include the power to regulate or prohibit any activity that is confined within a single state regardless of its effects outside the state, whether it employs instrumentalities therefrom, or whether its regulation or prohibition is part of a comprehensive regulatory scheme; but Congress shall have power to regulate harmful emissions between one state and another, and to define and provide for punishment of offenses constituting acts of war or violent insurrection against the United States.
Article [of Amendment 3]—[Unfunded Mandates and Conditions on Spending]
Congress shall not impose upon a State, or political subdivision thereof, any obligation or duty to make expenditures unless such expenditures shall be fully reimbursed by the United States; nor shall Congress place any condition on the expenditure or receipt of appropriated funds requiring a State, or political subdivision thereof, to enact a law or regulation restricting the liberties of its citizens.
Article [of Amendment 4]—[No Abuse of the Treaty Power]
No treaty or other international agreement may enlarge the legislative power of Congress granted by this Constitution, nor govern except by legislation any activity that is confined within the United States.
Article [of Amendment 5]—[Freedom of Political Speech and Press]
The freedom of speech and press includes any contribution to political campaigns or to candidates for public office; and shall be construed to extend equally to any medium of communication however scarce.
Article [of Amendment 6]—[Power of States to Check Federal Power]
Upon the identically worded resolutions of the legislatures of at least one half of the states containing no less than half the citizens of the United States, any law or regulation of the United States, identified with specificity, is thereby rescinded.
Article [of Amendment 7]—[Term Limits for Congress]
Section 1. No person may serve for more than twelve years as a member of Congress, whether such service is exclusively in the House or the Senate or combined in both Houses.
Section 2. Upon ratification of this Article, an incumbent member of Congress whose term exceeds the twelve-year limit shall complete the current term, but thereafter be ineligible for further service as a member of Congress.
Article [of Amendment 8]—[Balanced Budget Line Item Veto]
Section 1. The budget of the United States shall be deemed unbalanced whenever the total amount of the public debt of the United States at the close of any fiscal year is greater than the total amount of such debt at the close of the preceding fiscal year.
Section 2. Whenever the budget of the United States is unbalanced, the President may, during the next annual session of Congress, separately approve, reduce, or disapprove any monetary amounts in any legislation that appropriates or authorizes the appropriation of any money drawn from the Treasury, other than money for the operation of the Congress and judiciary of the United States.
Section 3. Any legislation that the President approves with changes pursuant to the second section of this Article shall become law as modified. The President shall return with objections those portions of the legislation containing reduced or disapproved monetary amounts to the House where such legislation originated, which may then, in the manner prescribed in the seventh section of the first Article of this Constitution, separately reconsider each reduced or disapproved monetary amount.
Section 4. The Congress shall have power to implement this Article by appropriate legislation; and this Article shall take effect on the first day of the next annual session of Congress following its ratification.
Article [of Amendment 9]—[The Rights Retained by the People]
Section 1. All persons are equally free and independent, and have certain natural, inherent, and unalienable rights which they retain when forming any government, amongst which are the enjoying, defending, and preserving of their life and liberty, acquiring, possessing, and protecting real and personal property, making binding contracts of their choosing, and pursuing their happiness and safety.
Section 2. The due process of law shall be construed to provide the opportunity to introduce evidence or otherwise show that a law, regulation or order is an infringement of such rights of any citizen or legal resident of the United States, and the party defending the challenged law, regulation, or order shall have the burden of establishing the basis in law and fact of its conformity with this Constitution.
Article [of Amendment 10]—[Neither Foreign Law nor American Judges May Alter the Meaning of Constitution]
The words and phrases of this Constitution shall be interpreted according to their meaning at the time of their enactment, which meaning shall remain the same until changed pursuant to Article V; nor shall such meaning be altered by reference to the law of nations or the laws of other nations.
Randy Barnett is the Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Legal Theory, Georgetown University Law Center, and Director of the Georgetown Center for the Constitution. His books include: Restoring the Lost Constitution: The Presumption of Liberty (Princeton, 2d. ed 2014); and The Structure of Liberty: Justice and the Rule of Law (Oxford, 2d. ed. 2014).

When Discounting Is Bad for Business  and How Marketing Can Helpreddit
I am a big believer in the concept of data-driven scientific marketing; trying lots of experiments and rapidly iterating based on the results. Today's digital tools combined with adept business insight make it relatively quick and easy to optimize your marketing. Marketers are no longer burdened by the expense and delay of printing and mailing marketing collateral, and then waiting for results. The digital transformation of business means that voluminous data is rapidly available. Unfortunately, not all companies are yet taking advantage of the data.
Dr. Jeff Tanner , professor of marketing at Baylor University and author of Analytics & Dynamic Customer Strategy: Big Profits from Big Data , spoke with me about his growing frustration with the volume of annoying and often counter-productive sales promotions he receives. For example, right after he purchased full-price tickets to the Performing Arts Center, he was offered half-price admission. Done right, a marketing offer can unobtrusively provide value to both the customer and the business. Done wrong, the customer becomes annoyed and tunes out.
Dr. Jeff Tanner, (Twitter: @DrJeffTanner ) professor of marketing at Baylor University's School of Business
Dr. Tanner points out that despite all the new marketing tools, software, and technology, business profits do not seem to be going up. According to a study by CBP Research, the use of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems increases revenue by up to 40% and reduces selling costs by 35%. The net boost to margin, though, has only been 2%. Too often businesses fall back to expedient marketing: when in doubt, offer a discount.
Take the example of potentially innovative marketing at the transportation system of a major city. The system uses mobile technology to implement a location-based marketing program with local shops. Falling back to the simple discounting paradigm, the system pushes you a coupon good at a Starbucks that is near a station it knows you travel to. If you happen to like coffee, the coupon will be relevant, but businesses can do much better with slightly more insight and creativity.
Dr. Tanner wondered about the negative effects of rampant discounting and decided to put it to a real life test. Marketers at Cabela's, the Nebraska retailer of outdoor recreation merchandise, had noticed that when online shoppers place certain products in their baskets first, a transaction is more likely. These products are called basket starters or FIBs (first-in-basket). Based on this insight, Dr. Tanner set up a marketing experiment to test ways to both boost the business and better satisfy shoppers.
Customers known to buy products in a FIB category were divided into two test groups, A and B. Customers in Group A were sent an email simply offering FIB products in their category of interest at full price. So hunters, for example, were offered hunting products and hikers were offered hiking products. Customers in Group B were sent an email offering a Hot Buy 50% off discount for non-FIB products in their category of interest. These Hot Buys were also offered at the web site to all web visitors, including those who clicked through from the emails sent to either Group A or B.
The emails were sent in a single shot to all customers, with results coming in over a two week period. The conclusion? The conversion rates of both groups were about equivalent. However, the total revenue was four times greater and margin was 400 basis points greater for Group A - those who were not offered the 50% off Hot Buys. And that includes the fact that when Group A shoppers got to the website, they saw the Hot Buys and often added those to their cart.
This is a great example of posing a marketing hypothesis, in this case one that went against conventional discounting wisdom;  setting up an experiment; and getting great data to validate the hypothesis and improve the business. There were just under 100 products identified in the first iteration of this experiment. Since the initial experiment, Cabela's has been able to translate what they learned to their in-store and catalog channels as well.
Poor discounting practices can train buyers to expect a markdown, as some big retailers have demonstrated . Attempts to transition to "everyday low pricing" can drive away customers who had been programmed to await coupons and sales. When businesses rampantly discount, they harm the consumer's perception of value. And that makes offers less relevant and just part of the background noise.
Is it possible that higher prices in some product categories can have a positive effect? Sometimes higher prices can be interpreted by consumers as reflective of higher quality. Does Starbucks sell more coffee because of their higher prices? It is possible to test your pricing strategy on a controlled basis to evaluate this hypothesis. The king of experimenters, Amazon, has been observed to vary its pricing as much as 2.5 million times daily .
This post was co-authored with Dr. Jeff Tanner , professor of marketing at Baylor University's School of Business.
Follow Vala Afshar on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ValaAfshar
More:

http://usat.ly/1zptF7GFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher.
Post to Facebook
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35UGs
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
Kim Hjelmgaard and John Waggoner , USA TODAY 4:12 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
On the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
100 CONNECT 161 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks cut earlier sharp losses and closed mixed Tuesday as global economic concerns weighed on the markets.
U.S. stocks initially followed global markets lower as Chinese markets plummeted and Greece saw one of its worst trading days in decades. European stocks? They got smacked, too.
But tech stocks rallied later in the day as the Nasdaq turned positive and the S&P 500 closed flat.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell for a second straight day, closing 51.28 points lower, or  0.3%, to 17,801.20. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.49 to 2059.82.The Nasdaq composite index gained 25.77 points, or 0.5%, to 4766.47.
Oil prices rebounded slightly after Monday's 4% drop. The January contract for crude oil rose 70 cents, or 0.7%, to $63.74 a barrel.
Overseas, Asian markets plunged as Hong Kong's Hang Seng index tumbled 2.3% to 23,485.83 and mainland China's Shanghai composite index plunged 5.4% to 2856.27.  Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index dropped 0.7% to 17,813.38.
The plunge in Chinese stocks comes as the Chinese government set new restrictions on collateral for short-term collateralized loans, called repurchase agreements. By limiting the types of bonds that can be used as collateral, the government made those loans more difficult to get, and more expensive.
The Chinese government also extolled the virtue of slower economic growth, a signal that it expects the economy to grow less quickly in the future.
"Debt to GDP in China has seen a massive increase as the Chinese central government has internalized on its books the problems that occurred in the private sector," Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments, said at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable on Friday.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in China tumbled in premarket trading.  For example, iShares FTSE China 25 Index Fund (ticker: FXI) fell 3.14%. Traditional open-ended funds won't price until the U.S. market closes at 4:00 p.m.
In Europe, Britain's FTSE  index fell 2.1% to 6529.47 and Germany's DAX dropped 2.2% to 9793.71. France's CAC 40 tumbled 2.6% to 4263.94.

http://usat.ly/1zprZuTBlackRock's Rieder: Rate hike fears 'overblown'
Adam Shell, USA TODAY 9:28 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Rick Rieder of BlackRock talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about federal fund rates and bond recommendations for 2015 at USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
The annual USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributor  Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock, in New York on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
6 CONNECT 51 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Federal Reserve will start hiking short-term interest rates in 2015, but the transition to higher borrowing costs won't lead to massive turbulence in the bond market or cause yields on longer-term bonds to skyrocket as many on Wall Street fear, predicts Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock, speaking at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
One of the big financial stories in 2015 will be the start of the Fed's move to normalize historically low rates and continue to pare back stimulus. The U.S. central bank, led by chair Janet Yellen, ended its market-friendly bond-buying program in October. And now, with the job market healing and unemployment, currently at 5.8%, expected to sink further, the Fed is expected to begin raising short-term rates for the first time since 2006. Rieder, who oversees $680 billion in assets, predicts Yellen will boost the Fed funds rate, now pegged at 0% to 0.25%, to 1%.
(On Wednesday, USA TODAY rolls out the third installment of its "Investment Roundtable" coverage with insights on the big-picture outlook for the U.S. stock market in 2015 from Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. equity & quantitative strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch.)
5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Unlike some doomsayers, Rieder, one of four top Wall Street investment strategists and money managers who sat down with USA TODAY on Dec. 5 to draw a roadmap of where financial markets are headed in 2015, struck a less ominous tone on how markets would react to a less-accommodative Fed.
For one, he downplayed a bursting of what many pundits say is a bubble in the bond market.
Rick Rieder, Managing Director, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
"The bond bubble story started about five years ago," Rieder says. "But the reason why bubbles burst is you have too much supply relative to demand. But today in the interest rate and fixed-income world you have a dynamic where you have too much demand relative to supply. And that is the inverse of what a bubble is."
The reason: In today's world most countries are deleveraging, or paying down debt or borrowing less. That translates to less leverage in the system."So what happens," Rieder says, "is you don't produce enough fixed income assets."
* What's the call?
"I think the concept, that when the Fed starts moving that it is going to be a problem for markets, is dramatically overblown," says Rieder, who manages three bond funds for BlackRock, including its Total Return Fund, its Strategic Income Opportunities Fund and Core Bond Fund. "We think that we will be in a low-rate dynamic for a very long time."
Investors, he argues, have to put the Fed's coming policy change into perspective. One thing to remember is that the coming rate-hike cycle is starting from a very low base.
"We are at 0% on the Fed funds rate, and a 0% rate suggests emergency conditions," Rieder explains. "But we are far from emergency conditions. U.S. GDP growth the last two quarters has come in at around 4%  or higher."
* What will move the market?
When it comes to Fed rate hikes, investors must pay attention to three things: the speed at which they move, the pace of the hikes and the final destination, or how high rates will be when they are done, Rieder says.
On the question of speed, Rieder expects the first rate hike in June but adds that the "window is open for them to move faster than that." But the total hike next year won't be huge, he stresses.
"When they move they will move to a 1% Fed funds rate, which on a historic basis is an incredibly low and incredibly accommodative policy."
Video Keywords Federal Reserve the Fed interest rates funds rate accommodative policy
Rick Rieder, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock, speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  You know your your part of the market is going
00:04  to be where people say a lot of the action will
00:06  be next here obviously the bond market. You know we're looking
00:10  at a big change Federal Reserve has not raise interest rates
00:14  since 2006. You know you're QE program which is the bond
00:17  buying bond buying program is thirty and it. So a lot
00:20  of people you know that stimulus was in the pipeline for
00:23  very long time now that that's the liquidity starting to move
00:27  out. And what's your general take I mean. From what I've
00:30  been reading in oak. Opening a lot of the commentaries on
00:33  the site it's Armageddon at this this this this first fed
00:36  rate hike whenever it comes is going to be in the
00:38  end the financial markets as we know what it is that
00:40  overblown or. What what's your general take on really sure what's
00:44  gonna happen here and how you know it you implement shall
00:47  it will be on markets and important in terms of turbulent.
00:50  So I think the concept of the Fed starts moving and
00:53  it's going to be a problem for markets as dramatically overblown
00:55  I think the which have to put some perspective on how
00:58  this further is gonna move and where we are from rape
01:01  or them perspective today. They where where does your percent fundraiser
01:04  percent funds or it's just emergency conditions. We are so far
01:08  from emergency conditions you you have GDP last two quarters GDP
01:11  over 4%. That's an emergency conditions if you have a fire
01:15  that you think about where this further is gonna go. And
01:17  their three ways that the Fed can move rates it's the
01:19  speed at which they move it's the pace and the destination.
01:23  Very important we think they could move faster we thank we
01:26  think they're gonna move in June. I think the windows open
01:28  from the new faster than that. That being said when they
01:31  move they're gonna move to a 1% funds rate on a
01:33  historic basis 1% is an incredibly low incredibly accommodative policy it's
01:37  not plate and it's incredibly accommodative. Then there about the pace
01:41  we think they're gonna go. Keep it under 2% for a
01:44  long time and and I think that's a very important point.
01:47  The destination where they're heading we think is ultimately lower than
01:49  it's been historically goes global growth is slowing US growth will
01:52  be slower than it's been historically. So we think the funds
01:55  rate what would be a neutral funds rate that historically it's
01:58  been 4% is under that tonight. So meaning. That rates should
02:02  move up the front end of the yield curve should move
02:04  move up. But the back end of the yield curve long
02:07  and interest rates should stay very well contained and that. Is
02:10  much more important in today's markets than the front end of
02:12  the yield curve the reason why the taper tantrum. Last year
02:15  or so devastated markets is because it was long and interest
02:18  rates have moved so much. When we start moving now it's
02:21  going to be short and interest rates that move and economist
02:24  much more sensitive today very different than fifteen years ago where
02:27  long and interest rates go.
When it comes to the pace of the hikes, Rieder thinks the Fed will keep rates "under 2% for a long time – for at least a number of years."
Most important, Rieder thinks that due to slower economic growth in the U.S. than in the past and slower growth abroad, the Fed will keep the Fed funds rate at a lower level for a longer period of time than it has historically.
So, while short rates, or bonds that mature in three or five years, will move up more "significantly," long-term interest rates – which the economy is more sensitive to – "should stay very well contained," Rieder predicts.
He says fair value on the 10-year Treasury note is 2.75% to 2.80%, or roughly half of a percentage point from Monday's closing yield of 2.26%. A move up to fair value next year is likely, he adds. But with 10-year Japanese government bonds yielding less than 0.50% and German 10-year bonds trading at 0.70%, the 10-year Treasury "looks like a steal relative to the other markets," Rieder says.
Rieder says even if the Fed ratchets up short-term rates 0.50% (or 50 basis points) or 0.75% (or 75 basis points), longer-term bonds may only see a bump up in yield of say 0.25% (or 25 basis points).
He cites a few key reasons why long-term interest rates, such as 10-year and 30-year Treasuries, won't  shoot up as dramatically as short-term rates in 2015.
For one, he only expects a "moderate move" higher in short-term rates from the Fed.
Another big factor is the need for fixed-income investments – or consistent streams of income – is bigger than ever due to demographic shifts related to an aging population.
"You have never seen in history a population globally that is aging like it is today, which means the demand for income is truly epic," says Rieder, adding that insurance companies and pension funds also have a tremendous need for income generated from bonds.
Finally, the fact that many central banks around the world, including the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan are simultaneously buying assets or doing their own form of Fed-style bond-buying known as quantitative easing, or QE, will also help "keep interest rates down for a long time."
Says Rieder: "Rates will move up, but it is very hard for rates to move up that much because of this aging population, because of the need for income and because of where the other central banks around the world are moving."
Still, despite his less bearish callr, Rieder won't rule out a tough year for bond investors, nor the possibility of investors suffering negative returns in the bond portion of their portfolios.
Diversification is key, he stresses.
"You can have zero returns or moderately negative returns in a traditional fixed-income portfolio," he says. "That is why we are big believers, that going into 2015, you have to be flexible, you have to be tactical about where you find your interest rate opportunities, and also look to take your interest rate risks in other parts of the world that are not growing as quickly as the U.S. is."
* What's the biggest risk?
With central bankers in the eurozone and Japan stimulating their economies with easy-money policies, there is a risk that monetary policy alone won't work and demand for goods and services won't pick up, Rieder warns. The right fiscal policies must also be implemented, he adds.
"Monetary policy just buys you time," Rieder says. "If the markets get a sense that it is not working, and it is just buying time and (there are) no fiscal initiatives or no real growth, then all of the markets will start to turn down."
Rieder also warns that investors that are are all crowding into many of the same trades might be at risk.
"Everybody is long the dollar, everybody is short U.S. interest rates and long European front-end interest rates," he says.
To avoid getting hurt in those trades in the event they reverse and the tide quickly moves in the other direction, Rieder says: "You have to diversify like crazy."
* Bonds to watch?
Rieder likes long-dated municipal bonds. Depending on the state one lives in, an investor can get a tax-adjusted yield of 7% to 8%.
Video Keywords Federal Reserve Bank of Japan the Fed interest rates MetLife insurance companies pension rising bond Fixed income portfolio Japan
Rick Rieder, Managing Director, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  On the tape pretension obviously can't pretend to ms. markets.
00:06  Kind of got upset. Or kind of uneasy and when the
00:10  Fed starts to extract some of you the bond buying purchases
00:14  that take it you take an app market. Thought I don't
00:18  actually remove on you. They're there is a possibility of course
00:23  you know we're in. A yield star world people are still
00:26  looking to get the game yields. But we all know and
00:29  rates rise as though also open the possibility. Bond investors perhaps
00:34  suffering that your you know negative return deal what are the
00:37  odds the possibility of people who are already looking for yield
00:39  may may be getting negative returns as your number one. And
00:43  number two just explain for you a general audience you know
00:45  how rising bond yields you know ends up you know hurting
00:49  them in the total return pack. So that's a that's as
00:53  a loan has long set of Lou one requires one set
00:56  of answers so we're there are few things to think about
00:58  one. Is is when we start moving in and as a
01:02  term of before you're gonna have a moderate move from the
01:04  Federal Reserve your thing I think is incredibly important you've never
01:07  seen in history. A population globally that's aging like it is
01:11  today which means the demand for income. It's truly epic we've
01:15  never seen this before you have to MetLife insurance companies pension
01:18  funds. There are a function of an aging population tremendous need
01:22  for income and then simultaneously. Of other central banks around the
01:26  world ECB the Bank of Japan. That are that are bought
01:29  it buying assets of the doing their own form of Huey.
01:32  And are gonna keep interest rates down for a long time
01:34  so the sum is very important think about in this in
01:37  this context. That rates will move up when it's very hard
01:40  for rates to move all that much because of this aging
01:43  population because the need for income. Because of where other central
01:46  banks around the world are moving so what happened. Is a
01:48  yield curve the front into the you'll privilege being distorted and
01:51  this frontman is in a short terms short term rates so
01:54  it's a three years and him. If five years and and
01:57  is where you'll start to see race that a move higher
01:59  significantly. Again exact opposite of last year. Where you were taking
02:03  85 billion dollars out of the marketplace through quantitative easing in
02:07  the long into the marketplace. Now what's going to be short
02:10  term interest or second mover so let's say short term interest
02:12  rates move up. And you move fifty to 75 basis points
02:15  higher the long and they only move up 25 basis points
02:19  or so. So you can have and what what many investors
02:22  will see in a traditional. Fixed income portfolio. If you can
02:25  have seen your returns you can have moderately negative returns and
02:28  that's certainly out there a part of what we're big believers
02:31  going in the fifteen. You have to be flexible be tactical
02:34  about where you find your interest and opportunities. And I'm also
02:37  look to take your interest rate risk and other parts of
02:39  the world that are not growing as quickly as the US's.
6 CONNECT 51 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AbcdCf
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

Dow  S&P 500 edge down on global worries; Nasdaq climbsWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Ex-British Guantanamo inmate says CIA  torture  report won t helpEx-British Guantanamo inmate says CIA  torture  report won t help
CB Exchange: Markets stage comeback in spite of oilcb exchange: markets stage comeback in spite of oil
US steel industry criticises WTO ruling favouring IndiaUS steel industry criticises WTO ruling favouring India
The 50 Best Cities For Job Seekers This WinterThe 50 Best Cities For Job Seekers This Winter
Global Markets Tumble on China  Greece WorriesGlobal Markets Tumble on China  Greece Worries
I-T scanner on operatorsI-T scanner on operators
Rising CAD no worry as forex kitty adequate: Finance Minister Arun JaitleyRising CAD no worry as forex kitty adequate: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Fed to propose extra capital cushion for 8 big U.S. banksFed to propose extra capital cushion for 8 big U.S. banks
Sebi addresses analysts concerns  clarifies regulationsSebi addresses analysts concerns  clarifies regulations
Nov car sales zoom 9.5% after two months of declineNov car sales zoom 9.5% after two months of decline
CITU-led union threatens strike over passage of coal BillCITU-led union threatens strike over passage of coal Bill
Cash Register Politics Destroys Democracyreddit
"The mid-term elections are over. After spending hundreds of millions of business dollars, the Republicans now control the Senate and hold on to the House of Representatives. It is amazing that the Democrats did not do worse." If those sentences ring familiar, it's because I wrote them in 2002 in response to that year's midterm elections, although they could easily apply today.
Now several weeks removed from the 2014 elections, the news cycle has moved on to other matters, but the fallout remains to affect the lives and livelihoods of millions of Americans. Unless Americans start to get serious about their elections, we may as well repeat the same sentiments in another 12 years with an even greater price tag attached.
After spending even more hundreds of millions of campaign dollars, the craven, corporatist Republicans once again control Congress. Of course, the Democrats dialed for many of the same commercial dollars and spent their own hundreds of millions in campaign advertising, all while spectacularly failing to make a better case about the direction of our country to the voters than the worst Republican Party in history.
Note another 2002 reaction of mine: "...the Democrats were not highlighting the desperate need for raising the federal minimum wage (now about a third less in purchasing power than it was in 1968!)" Once again, 12 years later in 2014, Democrats dropped the ball on an issue that polls show 80 percent of Americans agree upon.  I also wrote about the Democrats failing to go after Republicans on consumer protection issues like food safety and clean air and water, which we all need regardless of political alignment.
In light of history repeating itself so completely, one must ask where did all these millions of dollars go if, 12 years later, the very same mistakes, blunders and oversights are being made?
The answer is: huge media buys, endless mailings both paper and electronic, and incessant telephone calls, many recorded, to registered voters. One firm estimated that $2.6 billion was spent just on TV advertising in the 2014 midterms. Very few, if any, of these political ads are informative to voters -- in fact, most people find them enormously irritating, specifically in swing states where they run constant until Election Day. Despite the overload of political noise on the airwaves, the issues that would really strike a difference are disturbingly ignored.
Just think about all the good those millions could have done were they focused on public needs such as repairing roads and infrastructure, or easing student loan burdens, or refurbishing water systems, schools and libraries -- it is enough to get anyone with a deep interest in the preservation and improvement of their own local community riled up. The amount of money and resources poured into these showy and substance-lacking elections is appalling.
And where is all this money coming from? See author Darrell West's recent book Billionaires: Reflections on the Upper Crust (Brookings Institution Press, 2014) which takes a fascinating look at the politically-active super-rich and how they have, in so many ways, seized enormous amounts of influence with the "wealthification" of politics in our country (and around the world.)
It raises the question: How much should an individual vote cost? How much is too much? According to a recent Brookings report the 2014 Alaska Senate race cost $120.59 per voter. The next highest per voter expenditure is New Hampshire, at $50 per voter -- despite being considerably less, it's still an extraordinary amount spent for a single vote. (Iowa is next at $39.11, followed by Colorado at $27.40. See the rest of the top ten at the link above)
Another stunning example from Brookings is the North Carolina Senate race. This contest between Kay Hagan and Thom Tillis reportedly cost $111,000,000. It's being called the most expensive Senate race in U.S. history (not accounting for inflation.) More than 100,000 ads were run in that single state. Similarly, $97,100,000 was spent in Colorado, $88,000,000 in Iowa and so on.
Astronomical election spending should come as no surprise to avid Congress watchers. In post-Citizens United and McCutcheon Supreme Court decisions America, politicians from both major parties go into their meetings talking about raising money and walk out talking about raising money. Where governance was once a matter of more importance to those we sent to represent us in Congress, campaign cash -- and how to accumulate truckloads of it -- has instead become the primary concern to candidates.
If there was any doubt, newly-minted Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell once called the signing of the McCain-Feingold bill which imposed some limits on corporate campaign spending "the worst day of his political life." On the Democratic side, Rep. Jared Huffman (D-CA) responded to my call for Nancy Pelosi to step down as House minority leader by arguing that she "personally raised over $100 million for the [House Democratic] caucus. There's no one else on Earth who could do that," as if this was the principle measure of her leadership.
And it's only going to get worse -- the SuperPACs are already gearing up for 2016. Even Warren Buffett, who has been quite critical of SuperPACS, recently gave the maximum donation allowed to a "Ready for Hillary" group.
Here's some more observations from 2002 to once again consider, still relevant today:
"Lessons for the future? Don't give your major political opponents a free ride between and before elections. Challenge the corporate takeover of elections, including the sudden surge of political television advertising paid directly by industries like the big price-gouging drug companies. And get down to the neighborhood level with visible stands for the people.
Otherwise the Democrats will become even better at electing very bad Republicans."
If you are tired of rinse-and-repeat electoral politics and are interested in taking action, consider signing Public Citizen's petition for a Constitutional Amendment to overturn the U.S. Supreme Court's McCutcheon v. FEC and Citizens United v. FEC rulings. You will be emailed regular updates on the campaign and other ways to fight back against the overflow of money in politics.
First the petitions, then the mass, peaceful street protests.
More information on Public Citizen's work on money in politics is available here .
Follow Ralph Nader on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RalphNader
More:

Uber: Radio taxi or just an aggregatorroad transport
The recent controversy over taxi-hailing service Uber and the ban imposed on its operations by the Delhi government, once again puts the spotlight on its business model. The key question to be answered in India is whether Uber is a tech company or a radio taxi company. The action taken by the Delhi police and their statements after last week’s incident suggest that it is treating Uber as a radio taxi company, while it has been all along maintaining that it is just an aggregator of taxis.
Experts say it is important to define the status in India of Uber that it is in the centre of a controversy after a woman, who hired a cab using the company’s app, was raped allegedly by a driver. “Lawmakers need to pay enough attention,” said Antony Alex, a lawyer and CEO of Rainmaker, a firm that provides online anti-sexual harassment training to corporates.
If Uber is treated as a radio taxi operator:
Then greater liability could attach in respect of the current fiasco, as it had to comply with the transport department norms, said Mr. Alex.
Cabs ferrying customers in Delhi from point to point have to follow rules under the Radio Taxi Scheme, 2006. The norms stipulate that the licensee must be either a company under the Companies Act, 1956 or a society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860. The rules also say that the employers would be responsible for quality of drivers, their police verification, employer control and supervision of drivers and employee behaviour.
If Uber is treated as a tech firm:
Then it is like any other marketplace like Flipkart or Amazon, were it brings together the driver and the customer. “If a customer has a complaint, then Uber has to resolve it through the taxi owner, just as Flipkart or Amazon would do with the manufacturer of the product,” said Mr. Alex.
If Uber is a tech company, then they are not liable for the current fiasco. However, he pointed out, there could be a catch here. Uber has been running schemes which offer subsidised rides to customers. “By doing this, Uber is showing that they are in the cab operating space,” Mr. Alex said.
Uber has faced protest from drivers in Germany and other European Countries on its business model.

VW to unveil concept crossover intended to boost U.S. salesVW to unveil concept crossover intended to boost U.S. sales
Volkswagen logo
JACKY NAEGELEN,
The VolksWagen logo is seen on their XL 1 car during the media day at the Paris Mondial de l'Automobile
The VolksWagen logo is seen on their XL 1 car during the media day at the Paris Mondial de l'Automobile (JACKY NAEGELEN,)
By Andreas Cremer, Reuters
Volkswagen to unveil new compact crossover at NAIAS 2015.
Speculation on new compact crossover by VW: The Big Gulf? Tiguanita? Toureag Lite?
Volkswagen will present a sport-utility concept vehicle in the United States next month, intended to increase its range in the lucrative crossover segment and boost sales in the world's second-biggest car market, company sources said.
The automotive industry has been trying to do more with less for years. Even though consumers cite fuel efficiency as a top priority, the American market still has a preference for larger vehicles, with sport utility vehicles (SUV) and crossovers (CUV) outselling the midsize sedan segment for... ( Robert Duffer )
A five-seat variant of the seven-passenger SUV the German carmaker aims to build at its U.S. plant in Tennessee in 2016 will be unveiled at the Detroit auto show on Jan. 12-13, two sources said on Monday on condition of anonymity because details of the proposed model have not been released.
The concept vehicle, which the sources said is likely to be approved for production by 2016-17, is the latest part of VW's plan to plug gaps in a U.S. line-up that offers only two SUVs, the Tiguan and Touareg.
VW's focus on smaller vehicles, such as the Golf hatchback and the Jetta compact saloon, has held it back in the United States, where rivals offer a wider range of SUV crossovers.
0
The company would only say that a concept SUV will be shown in Detroit, without providing further detail.
U.S. sales of the VW brand were down 11 percent in the January to November period at 333,000 vehicles.
Bernd Osterloh, VW's top labor representative and a member of the carmaker's panel shaping U.S. strategy, acknowledged in an interview this month that the brand is not yet represented in the growing segments of the U.S. market.
"We need more models there ... If we had a pick-up truck today, we would perhaps already be at 600,000 (vehicle sales)."
Europe's largest automaker, which ranks second to Toyota in global sales, plans to spend more than $7 billion in North America by the end of 2018 in an effort to more than double sales to 800,000 cars.
The company will overhaul the Tiguan next year and add a coupe-style version as well as a long-wheelbase model that may offer a petrol-electric hybrid version.
Its crossover campaign ties in with similar plans by the group's premium marques. Porsche started selling the Macan SUV in April while luxury division Audi will start building the Q1 baby SUV in 2016.
Ultra-luxury division Bentley will expand into SUVs in 2016 while Italian supercar maker Lamborghini, also part of the VW group, is awaiting parent approval for its own SUV.
(Editing by David Goodman)

How One Deaf  Outsider Artist Came To Communicate Through Artreddit
As far as acclaimed artists go, James Castle is somewhat of an anomaly. For one, he was raised on a farm in rural Garden Valley, Idaho and spent most of his adult life in Boise. Furthermore, he was born deaf and never learned sign language. The only way Castle could communicate, from his birth in 1899 until his death in 1977, was through the artwork he created.
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper and color of unknown origin
And yet, Castle doesn't quite fit the mold for what we retroactively refer to as outsider art. As Ken Johnson wrote in The New York Times, his work is " not visionary , paranoid or obsessive," as is emblematic of most outsider artists. "He approached drawing, rather, with an almost scientific attitude." Although it's tempting to turn Castle's hearing disability into a singular tale of isolation and otherworldly genius, this reading is deceptively narrow.
Castle curated and sold his work during his lifetime; he was aware of his role as an artist and was able to support himself financially through his own work. He also was close with his family and even loved to watch television. " He was a regular guy in a lot of ways, " Jacqueline Crist, managing partner of the James Castle Collection and Archive, explained in a panel discussion at the Smithsonian American Art Museum. "He found humor. He had compassion… He really was a regular guy who actually, you know, got to make art everyday."
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper and color of unknown origin
For nearly 70 years, Castle made art from the stuff of everyday life. In ink, he combined soot and saliva. To obtain color, he extracted dyes with water from pulped mail. For his canvases, he used advertisements, envelopes, newspapers, milk cartons, packaging materials and whatever else his family and neighbors would save for him. He'd often incorporate sticks, apricot pits, broken fountain-pen nibs and string into his multimedia works, echoing the hodgepodge techniques of famous contemporaries like Joseph Cornell and Robert Rauschenberg without the art historical knowledge to know so.
Castle's subject matter is as wide ranging as his artistic media. He rendered images of family members, fantastical calendars, pop cultural references, memories from his time at the School for the Deaf and Blind, and flashes of life on the farm. His hand is trusting and accessible, possessing a skilled grasp on the mundane details of reality without any steadfast allegiance to it. When Castle veers toward childlike abstraction, it's not for lack of ability. Rather his sophisticated eye gravitates toward a graphic minimalism that transforms stark details into a somber tableaux.
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot, color of unknown origin
"It's a body of work that, at first blush, might seem a little monotonous, but the more you look at it, the more you realize that it's infinite," commented Leslie Umberger, curator of folk and self-taught art at the Smithsonian American Art Museum in the same panel discussion. The Lynchian , shadowy visions suggest secrets tucked into the banal details of everyday life, details that, without proper attention, may never be communicated.
The Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington D.C. acquired 54 of Castle's works in 2013. "Untitled: The Art of James Castle" features a selection of the artist's massive collection of works. The exhibition runs until February 1, 2015. A "Conservation of Our Collection: James Castle" Gallery Talk will take place on Wednesday, December 10, 2014 at noon. In the meantime, check out a preview of the stunning exhibition below.
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot, color  of unknown origin, Smithsonian American Art Museum,  Gift of the James Castle Collection and Archive and  museum purchase through the Luisita L. and Franz H.  Denghausen Endowment, 2013.27.53 Recto and Verso
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot, color of  unknown origin, wheat paste, and string, Smithsonian  American Art Museum, Gift of the James Castle  Collection and Archive and museum purchase through the  Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen Endowment,  2013.27.10
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.35
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot, string,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.51
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, string, and  wood, Smithsonian American Art Museum Gift of the James Castle Collection and Archive and  museum purchase through the Luisita L. and Franz H.  Denghausen Endowment, 2013.27.1
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot, string,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.52
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot, color  of unknown origin, Smithsonian American Art Museum,  Gift of the James Castle Collection and Archive and  museum purchase through the Luisita L. and Franz H.  Denghausen Endowment, 2013.27.53 Recto and Verso
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot, and  color of unknown origin, Smithsonian American Art  Museum, Gift of the James Castle Collection and Archive  and museum purchase through the Luisita L. and Franz H.  Denghausen Endowment, 2013.27.2
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper and soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.6
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.38 Recto and Verso
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.38 Recto and Verso
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper and soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.9
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.18 Recto and Verso
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen Endowment, 2013.27.22 Recto and Verso
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen Endowment, 2013.27.22 Recto and Verso
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.27
James Castle, Untitled, n.d., found paper, soot,  Smithsonian American Art Museum, Gift of the James  Castle Collection and Archive and museum purchase  through the Luisita L. and Franz H. Denghausen  Endowment, 2013.27.34
Also on HuffPost:

Sony Hack:  Data security oil spill  leaves studio at risk0
At the center of Sony's potential liability is going to be whether the studio exercised "reasonable care" in protecting confidential or private information. The claim that the company failed to do that with its PlayStation consumer information was among the arguments in that class action litigation, even though the company denied it.
"These are basically negligence questions," Aldisert says. "It is really hard to say without expert testimony about what is reasonable or what is enough protection." He added that it likely would be a greater problem for Sony if the hacking was from a former employee, as opposed to being something more organized and nefarious. "Given the sophisticated nature of the hacking, it may be harder to say they didn't use ordinary care," he says.
In other words, Sony may be able to argue the unprecedented nature of the breach made it unforeseen.
Typical cyber-attack cases have dealt with hackers who are financially motivated, and who are attacking servers and obtaining financially related e-mails and addresses, Rothken says. In a way, that kind of attack is "much more benign," he adds. "This current attack seems to be motivated by some sort of retaliation or ideology, where information was either destroyed or made public."
But Rothken notes that a variety of laws would be in play in cases arising from this hack that haven't been in play in cases involving consumers. "Notwithstanding the importance of technology and the Internet in modern business, there actually is a scarcity of case law in this area," he adds.
While the potential claims of employees would delve into areas like privacy, Sony's business partners, celebrities and their representatives, and even profit participants, could start lining up if it turns out the studio didn't take reasonable safeguards to protect personal information.
Devin McRae, partner at the Los Angeles firm of Early, Sullivan, Wright, Gizer & McRae, says that there is also the potential for contract claims, such as violations of non-disclosure agreements, or breach of fiduciary duty to conceal highly sensitive data. Profit participants on movies that were exposed could try to prove that the breach diminished box office returns.
"Anybody who was hurt as a result of this could look at Sony and have a potential claim," McRae says.
A challenge for plaintiffs who try to blame Sony over personal information being divulged is that they would have to prove damages such as identity theft were tied to the disclosure of that information, McRae notes. Sony has offered credit-monitoring services to minimize the potential for such damages.
And Sony could get "a large dose of corporate sympathy" if the manner and method of the security attack was unforeseen or deemed to be overly aggressive," says Rothken, particularly if it turns out to have come from another country. There is serious speculation North Korea might be behind the hack, in retaliation for Sony's upcoming comedy release "The Interview," which stars Seth Rogen and James Franco as a pair of tabloid TV reporters recruited to assassinate the country's dictator, Kim Jong-un.
But repercussions could extend beyond claims directly related to the hack attack. Disclosure of contract details and internal emails could have an impact on profit participation lawsuits, in which litigators may have a better sense of a studio's business practices. The leaked information itself may not be admissible, but "the fact that you know where the bones are buried gives you a big advantage" in such litigation, Aldisert says.
"The fallout will go on for a long time," he adds. "Whatever the data breaches were before, this is a much bigger scale and bigger problem for Sony."

Greek Stocks Plummet on Fear of Political CrisisIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

DGCA asks Spicejet to file compliance reportYou are here: Home > Collections > Dgca
DGCA asks Spicejet to file compliance report by December 15
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 09.55PM IST
Tags:
DGCA
(Concerned over deteriorating…)
NEW DELHI: The civil aviation regulator today asked beleaguered SpiceJet to file a comprehensive by December 15 a convincing schedule and compliance of its directive disallowing the no-frill carrier to offer advance booking of air tickets beyond 30 days.
SpiceJet CEO Sanjeev Kapoor today met DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar as sought more time to file their reply, but the regulator asked him to file by December 15, official sources said.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA had on Friday withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
After reviewing the situation, Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a convincing schedule to clear its dues to various vendors, among them airports and oil companies.
In signs of mounting troubles for the budget airlines, cash-strapped SpiceJet has canceled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

President Obama Hosts Nashville Town HallHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Obama Speaks About Immigrationobama speaks about immigration
The Family Behind Korean AirIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Cuban tells Cox SEC s worthless  should be  burned downcuban tells cox sec s worthless  should be  burned down
S&P erases early selloff to end flat; energy leadsWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Art of Persuasion: The successful pitchDecember 8, 2014 3:17 pm
The ancient knowledge behind a successful business pitch
Sam Leith
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac5c9dd4-7bd7-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russias soaring bond yieldsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Short View: Wobbling equitiesLast updated: December 8, 2014 7:46 pm
Wobbling equities fail to sway economists
James Mackintosh
Confidence that growth will improve next year shows where the real US disconnect is
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e423b54-7eff-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MILBANK: Chris Hughes  A Dilettante And A FraudThe New Republic Is Dead, Thanks To Its Owner - The Washington Post
www.washingtonpost.com
reddit
www.washingtonpost.com:
At a 40th birthday party in July for Franklin Foer, editor of the New Republic, the magazine’s young owner, Chris Hughes, got all choked up as he pledged to the roomful of writers at Foer’s country home in Pennsylvania that the two would be “intellectual partners for decades.”

Q&A: What is behind the snap presidential election© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/904105d4-7f94-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Chinas private investors have scatteredLast updated: December 9, 2014 6:07 pm
China’s Great Muppet Caper
James Mackintosh
The best explanation for the reversal in shares is not fundamental, but technical
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba9cffc6-7f9f-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Central banks should follow SwissFollow the Swiss for reserve management success
John Plender
Carefully controlled diversification of central bank assets makes sense
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ee69ee-7f03-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

House prices give birth to generational inequalityHouse price rises give birth to generational inequality
John Kay
This injustice is different from the concerns of Occupy Wall Street or Piketty’s readers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bc681a4-7e44-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to flirt your way to the topLast updated: December 9, 2014 1:42 pm
How to flirt your way to the top and not into trouble
Lucy Kellaway
A banker proud of his ‘professional’ manners is dismayed by the popularity of a new colleague
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/080102d6-73d8-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Six Ways to Make Your Business Thrivereddit
Do you want to make more money? Help your business thrive? Make a difference in the world?
There are plenty of financial "gurus" who tell you to cut back on your expenses so you can amass more money or build a nest egg.
The truth is, no business ever shrinks its way to wealth.
Here are 6 alternatives that can produce immediate results and allow you to earn more and enjoy more along the way.
1. Raise Salaries
Many employers are reducing their workforces and cutting salaries. Buck that trend. Step up and show your employees how much you value their Human Capital. Give them raises.
Why? Because employees are assets, not liabilities. No matter what your accountant says.
Savvy entrepreneurs see raising salaries during economic hardships as an investment. It creates more measurable results than handing out comparable raises during boom times.  Employees produce more when they feel valued and their job is secure.
Now is the time to get the best out of your best people.
Because when you increase their salary, you also show great leadership. They'll see your strength, vision and gratitude for their contribution to your success. And they'll reward you with more productivity and loyalty.
2. Spend More
Some great bargains are available right now. At least for those who have the foresight and courage to nab them.
Many assets are undervalued and you can get them at discount prices. Think inventory, fresh hires, office supplies or even real estate for future expansion.
Bottom line: Do you want to grow your wealth more quickly and efficiently? Focus on increasing your production, rather than on slicing your expenses.
Spend where your money will have the most impact.
3. Meet Less
Control freaks run far too many meetings. They micro-manage employees and have all business decisions go through or to them.
Now is the time to empower your people, set clear expectations and boundaries, and then get out of their way.
Instead of sitting around in meetings, encourage your employees to get out. Interact with customers. Improve contacts with vendors.
Your team members can't spot new market opportunities sitting in your company conference room.
4. Stop Saving for Retirement
The best pension plan is simple: be successful.
Everyone considers qualified (government sponsored) plans as sacred cows. But you can't afford to lock your money up in retirement accounts like these. Not when liquidity is essential to creating peace of mind. And not when it prevents you from seizing the next great business or investing opportunity.
In the end, your business is a far better investment than a 401(k). It can provide ongoing cash flow without the worry of depleting principal.
So look for ways to invest in yourself and in your business. By improving your liquidity, you'll always have cash to run your business. You'll also be able to seize opportunities created by the economic dislocation of others.
5. Put All Your Eggs in One Basket
Let others worship at the altar of diversification.  Now is the time to take a long, hard look at your business's core reason for existing  - and focus all your resources and energies on it.
Who are you?  Why do you exist?  Who do you serve?  What can you be the best in the world at?  Stay true to yourself in hard times and shed the excesses you've allowed yourself along the way.
6. Go Back to School
Forget what you think you know about business, marketing and the economy.  The world is ever changing. Fortune-makers use slow business periods to bolster their education and leadership skills.
The most successful entrepreneurs I know read daily, attend seminars and engage with mentors. They expose themselves to new adventures and ideas at every opportunity.  They are always growing.
It gives them the edge they need to weather any economic storm and survive the normal twists and turns of business life.
Continuing education not only sharpens your mind. It provides networking contacts you can lean on in good times and in bad.
Conclusion
Many businesses are trying to survive by downsizing, cutting back and diversifying. It's not working. They continue to flounder because it's impossible to shrink yourself to wealth.
If you want to help your business thrive, you should be doing things differently.
Do what works!
Invest in your people. Spend more time and money on the right things. Invest in yourself. Stay on the cutting edge through education. And always maintain a laser focus on what you do best.
--
Garrett B. Gunderson is a champion of finding spendable cash for entrepreneurs without having to work harder, take more risk or increase overhead.  He has dedicated his career to debunking the many widely accepted myths and fabrications that undermine the prosperity and joy of millions of hard-working, honest business owners. Gunderson's company, Wealth Factory , empowers its members to build sustainable wealth through financial efficiency and organization leading to clarity, peace of mind and financial confidence. Garrett is recognized for his NY Times bestselling book Killing Sacred Cows and his appearances as a guest contributor on CNBC, Fox News, ABC, and many others.
Follow Garrett B. Gunderson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wealthfactory_
More:

Garrett B. GundersonGarrett B. Gunderson is Co-founder and CEO of WealthFactory.com
Entries by Garrett B. Gunderson
(4) Comments | Posted December  9, 2014 | 11:16 AM
Do you want to make more money? Help your business thrive? Make a difference in the world?
There are plenty of financial "gurus" who tell you to cut back on your expenses so you can amass more money or build a nest egg.
The truth is, no business...

Amazon Workers Won t Be Paid For Time Waiting In Security Clearance LinesU.S. Top Court Rules No Worker Pay For Security Screening
Reuters
(Adds reaction from plaintiffs' lawyer and Amazon, paragraphs  4-5)
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON, Dec 9 (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on  Tuesday handed a victory to employers over worker compensation,  ruling that companies do not have to pay employees for the time  they spend undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts  in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc warehousing  contractor.
The court decided by a 9-0 vote that employees of Integrity  Staffing Solutions facilities in Nevada, where Amazon  merchandise is processed and shipped, cannot claim compensation  for time spent undergoing screening - up to half an hour a day,  according to the workers - aimed at protecting against theft.
The ruling is likely to benefit other companies facing  similar lawsuits including Amazon, CVS Health Corp and  Apple Inc, according to Integrity's lawyers. The cases  against Amazon, Integrity and other staffing companies affect up  to 400,000 workers, with plaintiffs claiming hundreds of  millions of dollars in damages, according to court filings.
Amazon spokeswoman Kelly Cheeseman said the allegations in  the Integrity case of a lengthy security screening process were  "simply not true." She added that Amazon's screening process is   designed to take 90 seconds per employee at its facilities.
Mark Thierman, an attorney for the plaintiffs, said the  ruling leaves thousands of workers "short-changed a half hour  per day." Many workers will still be able to pursue similar  claims under state law, Thierman added.
Justice Clarence Thomas wrote on behalf of the court that  the screening process is not a "principal activity" of the  workers' jobs under a law called the Fair Labor Standards Act  and therefore is not subject to compensation.
For workers to be paid, the activity in question must be "an  intrinsic element" of the job and "one with which the employee  cannot dispense if he is to perform his principal activities,"  Thomas wrote.
The high court reversed an April 2013 ruling by the 9th U.S.  Circuit Court of Appeals, which had found that the screenings  were an integral part of the warehousing job done for the  benefit of the employer and should be compensated.
Employees had sued Integrity Staffing Solutions for back  wages and overtime pay, saying they should have been compensated  for time spent in security screenings.
Amazon, the world's largest online retailer, is not directly  involved in the case. A business group called the Retail  Litigation Center, in a brief supporting the warehousing  company, said the industry in general loses $16 billion annually  in thefts.
The case is Integrity Staffing Solutions, Inc v. Jesse Busk  and Laurie Castro, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 13-433.     (Additional reporting by Deepa Seetharaman; Editing by Will  Dunham)
Also on HuffPost:

TPP Negotiators Hit With Protests That Media Don t CoverCREDO petition from February: TELL THE MEDIA: IT'S TIME TO EXPOSE THE TPP
Hit With Protests
In spite of the lack of American media coverage of this tremendously important agreement representatives of labor, environmental, family farm, consumer, Internet freedom, public health, faith, human rights and community organizations held a rally Monday outside the office of the U.S. Trade Representative.  These organizations represent "stakeholders" from all countries that are denied a seat at the TPP negotiating table.
At the rally George Kohl, senior director of Communications Workers of America, said:
"We believe in trade. We are fighting against old trade policy that literally guarantees corporate profits at the expense of working families in all nations. In the weeks ahead, we will mobilize like never before against Fast Track authorizing legislation and the TPP, and for 21st century trade that gives workers' rights, environmental issues and other concerns the same standing as corporate profits."
Pics from the rally (credits Roger Hickey, Arthur Stamoulis):
Wednesday at 11 a.m. the AFL-CIO is holding a TPP briefing on "What Negotiators Should Be Discussing Behind Closed Doors," at their D.C. headquarters at 815 16th St, NW.
"While the Obama administration meets behind closed doors this week with representatives of the countries involved in negotiating the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), the AFL-CIO will host a briefing outlining what the negotiators should be discussing.  The briefing will highlight what must be included in the negotiations for it to truly work for working people and how the TPP will only gain labor's support if it will create American jobs and promote high labor and environmental standards. The briefing follows a week of increased Congressional scrutiny on the negotiations and the involved countries' history of labor abuses."
Secret Negotiations
The negotiations are secret and the kids of people at that D.C. rally are not represented at the bargaining table. But corporate representatives have access to drafts of the treaty, and the negotiators typically come from and expect to go to lucrative corporate positions after the treaty is finalized -- assuming they "play ball."
While we do not know exactly what is being negotiated, we do know from leaks -- and previous "NAFTA-style" trade agreements -- tell us what to expect. Much of TPP is about "investor protections" and not trade at all. These provisions allow corporations to sue governments for doing things that infringe on profits -- like laws and regulations protecting the environment, worker safety, consumers and the health of citizens. For example, under similar agreements already in effect tobacco companies are suing governments to block anti-smoking efforts that protect the health of citizens!
Members of Congress are very concerned about the transparency of the TPP negotiating process. On a call Monday Representatives Rosa DeLauro (D-CT), Louise Slaughter (D-NY), Tim Ryan (D-OH), Keith Ellison (D-MN) and ( rock star ) Dan Kildee (D-MI) expressed their concerns about the secrecy of TPP as well as the failure to address currency manipulation in the agreement.
Senator Elizabeth Warren put her finger on the secrecy problem, saying:
"Why are the trade talks secret? You'll love this answer. Boy, the things you learn on Capitol Hill. I actually have had supporters of the deal say to me, 'They have to be secret, because if the American people knew what was actually in them, they would be opposed.'"
Currency Manipulation
Currency manipulation is a major trade problem. For example, we could restore up to 5.8 million American jobs, cut our trade deficit by $500 billion a year and increase our GDP by $720 billion just by addressing currency manipulation. ( Click through for details .)
Congress is very concerned about this. Last year 60 senators, a bipartisan majority, sent a letter to President Obama asking him to tell tell TPP negotiators to address currency manipulation. Also last year a majority (230) of members of the US House sent a bipartisan letter to the president saying they want him to tell TPP negotiators to address currency manipulation.
Sixty senators and 230 members of Congress want the negotiators to address currency manipulation -- but TPP still does not address currency manipulation. What else do you need to know about the negotiating process, and respect for democracy and national sovereignty?
--

Schaumburg contractor cited by OSHA  faces $69 000 fine0
OSHA called the violation "willful" because it was committed with intentional, knowing or voluntary disregard for the law's requirement or with plain indifference to worker safety and health.
Scott Allen, a Department of Labor spokesman, said every willful violation can carry a fine of up to $70,000, depending on the company's size.
The company, cited multiple times since 2008 for similar violations, has already paid more than $170,000 in fines.
Allen said that despite the fines, some companies still do things wrong and don't follow proper procedures.
"It's absurd to think that a company would put a worker in harm's way to save time or money," Allen said.
A. Lamp Concrete has 15 business days from receipt of the citation to pay the fine, request an informal conference with OSHA's area director or contest the citation.
The company didn't have an immediate comment.

US report gives the who  where & how of CIA ...You are here: Home > Collections > Interrogation
US report gives the who, where and how of CIA torture
AFP Dec 10, 2014, 01.06AM IST
Tags:
afghanistan
(The treatment by the CIA…)
WASHINGTON: The US Senate on Tuesday released the most thorough public report on the brutal interrogation techniques used by the CIA after September 11 on suspected members of Al-Qaeda.
Prisoners were beaten, slapped and forced into coffin sized containers. One was threatened with a power drill and with a handgun in a Russian Roulette style intimidation.
Rectal feeding and rehydration was used as a "means of behavior control" with no medical need.
The 500-page report, a partially-redacted summary of a 6,000-page classified version, is a detailed accounting of the intelligence body's secret interrogation program.
The treatment by the CIA interrogators of their detainees was harsh, varied and at times went beyond techniques that had already been officially acknowledged.
Many alleged abuses began straight away, in spite of prisoners' declared intentions to cooperate with their captors.
The report found detainees were forced to stand in stress positions until they collapsed, even those with broken bones or missing legs.
119 individuals were founded to have been detained by the CIA, and at least 26 were wrongfully held, the report said
At least 39 detainees were subject to "enhanced interrogation techniques," many without CIA Headquarters approval.
One who was held nude and chained to a concrete floor died from hypothermia in a CIA detention facility that was supervised by a junior officer with "no relevant experience."
Detainees were also subject to sleep deprivation of up to 180 hours and to nudity in combination with forceful interrogation techniques.
The report gave a detailed accounting of the pain induced by the oft-criticized waterboarding interrogation method where water is poured on an inverted detainee's face.
"The waterboarding technique was physically harmful, inducing convulsions and vomiting," the report said.
A detainee became "completely unresponsive" during his waterboarding. Internal CIA records described them as a "series of near drownings."
The report mentions one detainee was threatened with a hand gun and power drill.
High-value detainees were taken to black sites around the world to be interrogated before being transferred to the Guantanamo Bay military prison in in Cuba.
A 2007 European parliamentary report accused Poland and Romania of hosting black sites between 2003 and 2005.
Sites are also believed to have been run in Lithuania as well as Thailand and Afghanistan.
Information identifying individual black sites have been censored out of the unclassified version of the torture report.
But the report includes a cable from CIA headquarters concerning the establishment of a "Detention Site Black" in a country whose name was censored.
The US ambassador in the country asked for the State Department to be notified of the black site's establishment but the CIA station told the ambassador that was "not possible."
The report does mention an official's acknowledgement of the CIA's "lack of experience" in running detention facilities.
And it points out that two psychologists who had never conducted interrogations were brought in by the CIA to question detainees.
The CIA detention and interrogation program was authorized in secret during the George W. Bush administration in 2002 following the September 11, 2001 attacks.
This came a few months after Bush signed a memorandum asking the CIA to hunt, capture and interrogate the senior Al-Qaeda members around the world.
In 2002, rumors surfaced of torture of detainees at the Bagram military base in Afghanistan and rights organizations and officials began questioning the fate of a number of secret detainees.
In 2005, US media reported secret CIA flights to transport high-value detainees to black sites around the world. Many countries, particularly in Europe, allowed the CIA to use their airspace.
In December 2005, Congress voted to stop treatment of detainees that is cruel or degrading.
By 2007 the debate over torture swelled; investigations were launched and the CIA acknowledged it had destroyed interrogation tapes, sparking a public furor.
In January 2009, President Barack Obama that his administration would not use torture on prisoners, officially abolishing the program and two months later the Senate launched its investigation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Themis Consult is helping startups take Twitter & Facebook route to raise fundsStartups now taking to Twitter and Facebook to raise funds
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 01.48AM IST
Tags:
LetsVenture
(Founded in 2011, the consultancy…)
BENGALURU: Mumbai-based Themis Consult is leveraging social media for helping startups raise funds, inviting entrepreneurs to spell out their requirements through its Facebook and Twitter accounts over one week starting on December 10, after which it will connect about 18 interested funds to the companies.
While firms such as LetsVenture and ah!Ventures have developed platforms to facilitate funding in the early stages, Themis is the first to look at venture capital and private equity stage as well.
Founded in 2011, the consultancy takes care of the nitty-gritty of running a startup, accounting, finance, human resources and company secretarial compliance, that entrepreneurs would rather not bother themselves with.
"We are using our unique position in the ecosystem to completely disrupt the way entrepreneurs access capital. Most of the time we know companies better than they know themselves," said CEO Nibhrant Shah , 30-year-old founder of Themis Consult, which has scored 250 startups and SMEs (small and medium enterprises) as customers in the past three years. The company's database boasts of a 16,000-strong mailer list of who's who in the startup ecosystem.
Themis expects to get 500-600 entries through its social media initiative, which it believes will lead to funding of at least 15 startups. According to the company, which is targeting revenue of Rs 8 crore this fiscal, it will charge 0.5 per cent-1.5 per cent for investments above Rs 30 lakh. The #Getfunded campaign is expected to reduce the time it takes entrepreneurs to raise funds by at least a month and a half. "Having an intermediary who knows the company's books inside out and who also understands the investor's philosophy could play an important role in optimising the fundraising exercise," said Ankit Solanki, senior analyst at Mumbai Angels.
In addition to Mumbai Angels , Kae Capital, Rehan Yar Khan's Orios Ventures, Indian Angel Network and Ankur Capital will be participating in the exercise.
"Funds constantly ask us to introduce them to interesting startups," said Shah, whose company has facilitated over 15 such ad hoc deals in the past.
Shah said the social media campaign could be a win-win situation for both startups and his company. While his company would get customers, the startups could raise funds. "Because it is on social networks, it can go viral and new investors can become aware of the startup space in India. That's always welcome," said Harshad Lahoti, co-founder of ah!Ventures, which has raised $2 million (about Rs 12 crore) for six deals in the past two years.
LetsVenture, another online dealmaking platform has raised over $5 million (about Rs 30 crore) in 19 deals in the past one year.
"But players must exercise caution and not become investment bankers. They should not put forth companies to investors that are not essentially fundable," said Shanti Mohan, CEO of LetsVenture, adding that his company will look at deal-making in the venture capital space next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1wXMqzMFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Nissan may pay owners up to $800 over bad brakes
Nissan has agreed to pay some customers up to $800 each to settle claims that certain vehicles had faulty brakes. A judge still has to approve the proposed settlement. The claims come from a lawsuit filed in
Post to Facebook
Nissan may pay owners up to $800 over bad brakes Nissan has agreed to pay some customers up to $800 each to settle claims that certain vehicles had faulty brakes. A judge still has to approve the proposed settlement. The claims come from a lawsuit filed in Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AbHaGr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Nissan may pay owners up to $800 over bad brakes
The Associated Press 2:58 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
This 2008 Nissan Titan pickup is one of the models that could be covered by the settlement
(Photo: MikeDitz, Nissan)
61 CONNECT 3 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Nissan has agreed to pay some customers up to $800 each to settle claims that certain vehicles had faulty brakes.
A judge still has to approve the proposed settlement.
The claims come from a lawsuit filed in 2011 that said the brakes on the 2004 to 2008 versions of the Nissan Titan, Nissan Armada and Infiniti QX56 failed suddenly. Titan is a full-size pickup while Armada and QX56 are full-size SUVs.
Nissan says the settlement will cover about 350,000 vehicles. Both current and previous owners will be able to receive a refund.
Nissan says it will pay between $20 and $800 to reimburse owners who replaced or repaired the brakes. The amount depends on how much mileage was on the vehicle.
A Nissan spokesman declined to comment.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AbHaGr
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

William and Kate in America: The Sept. 11 Memorial  Beyonce  LeBron and other highlights of the royal visitBy J. Freedom du Lac December 9 Follow @jfdulac
Britain’s Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, place flowers at the edge of one of the reflecting pools while visiting the National September 11 Memorial and Museum on Tuesday. (Robert Sabo/AP/Pool)
Prince William and his wife, Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, have been busy since arriving in the United States on Sunday for an official royal visit.
The British couple is staying at the Carlyle Hotel on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
A woman holds a cut-out of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge outside the Carlyle Hotel. (Andrew Kelly/Reuters)
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at the Carlyle. (Neilson Barnard/Getty Images)
On Monday, the royals went their separate ways.
Prince William traveled to Washington to meet with President Obama in the Oval Office, where they chatted about fatherhood .
The Duke of Cambridge sat down with President Obama in the Oval Office on Monday to discuss illegal wildlife trafficking. Prince William and his wife Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, are on their first official visit to the U.S. since 2011. (AP)
The media was then swept out of the room so the two men could meet in private.
Also cleared out of the Oval Office: All those boom mics .
The president, the prince and the press. (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
Prince William’s trip to Washington also included a stop at the World Bank for an International Corruption Hunters Alliance event. There, according to the Associated Press , the Duke of Cambridge “sharply denounced the rapid growth of illegal wildlife trading worldwide and announced a task force to examine the transportation industry’s role in facilitating such crimes.”
Calling wildlife trafficking “one of the most insidious forms of corruption and criminality,” Prince William said that the illegal capture or killing of animals “loots our planet to feed mankind’s ignorant craving for exotic pets, trinkets, cures and ornaments derived from the world’s vanishing and irreplaceable species.”
Prince William discussing wildlife trafficking as World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, right, and World Bank Vice President of Integrity Leonard Frank McCarthy  look on. (Shawn Thew/European Pressphoto Agency)
While the duke was in Washington on Monday, the duchess visited the Northside Center for Child Development in Harlem. Some of the children at the child development center confused Catherine for a Disney princess, according to USA Today .
“They thought she was the princess from Frozen,” said a center administrator, Rose Ann Harris, according to the pool report.
Kate visits a pre-school class. (Seth Wenig/EPA/Pool)
Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, greets children outside the Northside Center. (Richard Drew/AP)
Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, and Chirlane McCray, wife of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, greet guests at the Northside Center for Child Development. (Neilson Barnard/Getty Images)
On the first full day of a trip partly devoted to discussing conservation and education issues, Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, was cheered on by well-wishers as she visited a Harlem organization that provides after-school programs for children. (AP)
Together again in New York, the royals attended a conservation event co-hosted by the Royal Foundation and the Clinton Foundation.
Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, shakes hands with Hillary Rodham Clinton. Prince William is in the background greeting Chelsea Clinton. (Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AP/Pool)
Prince William speaks to guests at the reception. (Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AP/Pool)
The duke and the duchess smile while listening to Hillary Rodham Clinton during a reception at the British Consul General’s Residence in New York. (Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AP/Pool)
The royals finished their day in Brooklyn, where they chatted with Beyonce and Jay-Z …
The royals meet pop-music royalty. (Kathy Willens/AP)
“Excuse Me Miss.” (NBA Entertainment handout via Reuters)
Retired NBA great Dikembe Mutombo with Will and Kate during the game at Barclays Center. (Robert Deutsch/USA Today Sports)
Royal finger wag? (Frank Franklin II/AP)
Hoi polloi photographing the royals. (Frank Franklin II/AP)
Britain's Prince William and his wife, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, met music stars Jay Z and Beyoncé at a Brooklyn Nets game in New York on Monday night. (AP)
Royal hoopla: Prince William and Kate Middleton meet @Beyonce and Jay Z at @BrooklynNets game http://t.co/9vmGqm5ktr pic.twitter.com/RGsnLMV8ep
— New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) December 9, 2014
After the game, the duke and the duchess met LeBron James.
Controversy ensued , as my colleague Cindy Boren writes:
British media was aghast when the biggest hoops star on the planet casually draped an arm around the royal shoulder of Kate, the duchess of Cambridge, during a photo op with hubby Prince William after the game between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Brooklyn Nets on Monday night. It is a breach of etiquette, much like that committed by Michelle Obama when she hugged Queen Elizabeth II during a 2009 reception.
So, what does one do when meeting a royal — even if it’s a royal who, until her marriage, was not a royal?
“There are no obligatory codes of behavior when meeting The Queen or a member of the Royal Family, but many people wish to observe the traditional forms,” the official website of The British Monarchy tells us. “For men this is a neck bow (from the head only) whilst women do a small curtsy. Other people prefer simply to shake hands in the usual way.”
Still, pesky protocol “prohibits anyone from touching or kissing members of the royal family,” according to the UK’s Independent.
The horror!
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, pose with LeBron James at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. (Neilson Barnard/Getty Images)
The duke and duchess also met the commish, who apparently followed royal-meeting protocol.
Catherine, William and NBA Commissioner Adam Silver (Neilson Barnard/EPA/Pool)
On Tuesday, the duke and duchess began the public part of their day with a visit to the National September 11 Memorial and Museum.
The flowers left by Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, at the Memorial Reflection Pool during a visit to the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. (Carl Court/Getty Images/Pool)
Joe Daniels, left, president and CEO of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum, takes Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, on a tour of the museum Tuesday. (Doug Mills/The New York Times, Pool)
After visiting the somber site at One World Trade Center on Tuesday, the duke and duchess visited the Door and the City Kids Foundation, which provides services to disadvantaged young people.
The royal couple watches Steven Prescod performing an autobiographical piece called “Brooklyn Boy.” (Chad Rachman/EPA/Pool)
The duke and the duchess at the Door and City Kids Foundation. (Kena Betancur/AP/Pool)
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.

The Newsroom is the most conservative show on televisionJeff Daniels as Will McAvoy and Sam Waterston as Charlie Skinner in the Season 3 opener. episode 20 (season 3, episode 1): Jeff Daniels, Sam Waterston. photo: Melissa Moseley
This post discusses events of the most recent episode of “The Newsroom.”
“I don’t want to expand the definition of the news. I want to narrow it,” Charlie Skinner (Sam Waterston), the president of Atlantis Cable News says peevishly in the November 30 episode of “The Newsroom,” Aaron Sorkin’s drama about the cable news business which will end its run on HBO this coming weekend. Charlie is complaining about a potential buyer for the network, who wants ACN to crowd-source more stories and treat viewers more like potential colleagues who deserve to be listened to than like passive consumers who need to be taught.
But these two sentences are also a perfect expression of the broader worldview “The Newsroom” has tried to express for three years, now. Sorkin, who once seemed like an optimist about public life, is now producing the sourest, most staid series on television. “The Newsroom”s odd fetish for establishment power of all kinds might have found some of its nastiest expression in the most recent episode of the show, in which new media actually killed Charlie and producer Don Keefer (Thomas Sadoski) lectured a rape survivor at great length, this aversion has been part of “The Newsroom” from the very beginning. And it’s part of why Sorkin has given us possibly the worst prestige show on television.
I’ve spent some time in the past few days talking to viewers who have kept up with and enjoy watching (or at least hate-watching) “The Newsroom,” and I came away from those conversations convinced that we are watching essentially the same show. For “Newsroom” and Sorkin fans, the appeal of the show is in its dedication to old-fashioned standards of journalism, including avoiding soft stories and clickbait and being accountable when a story goes wrong (as with the Genoa plotline in the second season), as well as Sorkin’s dialogue and this particular cast’s ability to deliver it.
“I’m not talking about the apparatus,” senior producer Jim Harper (John Gallagher, Jr.) tells his girlfriend Hallie (Grace Gummer) during yet another fight about the job she takes with a start-up site called Carnivore after being fired from ACN. It’s an amazingly bald-faced lie, or at least evidence of Jim’s utter lack of self-awareness, since “The Newsroom” is obsessed with the idea that working for certain outlets or using certain tactics in reporting and politics are professionally and personally disqualifying.
Over the course of the show, Will has side-eyed his own company’s morning shows and insulted Nina Howard (Hope Davis) for the mortal sin of resisting his “mission to civilize.” “The Newsroom” saddled Neal Sampat (Dev Patel), who writes the blog for Will’s show and is adept at internet research, with a deep, sustained  and discrediting conviction that Bigfoot exists. When Hallie moves to Carnivore (a not-so-subtle stand-in for Gawker Media), Jim snarks at her for accepting a contract that includes traffic-based bonuses. In the world of “The Newsroom,” a new media outlet that hired an experienced reporter like Hallie suddenly insists on having her write nothing but personal essays, and under the influence of Carnivore editors, Hallie suddenly begins mining her private life with Jim for material. When a young mogul buys ACN, one of his first moves is to have doughy tech guy build a clone of Gawker’s old “Gawker Stalker” feature.
It’s one thing to critique new media–there’s nothing particularly noble about crowdsourcing teenagers’ stupid Tweets for clicks or Chris Hughes’ clumsy-seeming and tech-speak-heavy stewardship of the New Republic, which has a parallel in the purchase of ACN in recent episodes. But the huffy treatment “The Newsroom” extends to its competitors is the equivalent of a card sharp dealing from a stacked deck while whining loudly about the integrity of the other players at the table.
Sorkin and his characters never acknowledge that new media companies like BuzzFeed are funding exactly the kind of foreign reporting associate producer Maggie Jordan (a hugely misused Alison Pill) does in the show’s second season. Sorkin is so determined to re-litigate ancient media stories, like Jimmy Kimmel’s 2007 segment on Gawker Stalker  (a bit of media criticism conducted by a comedian, not a Very Serious Business Journalist) that “The Newsroom” appears both vindictive and wildly out-of-date. And heaven forfend “The Newsroom” acknowledge that personal essays by young women might function as a necessary corrective to mainstream media coverage of issues like contraception and sexual assault, that men might find something worthwhile in “Sex and the City,” or that cultural coverage might raise important issues from angles policy coverage cannot reach.
And while the persistent contempt the “The Newsroom” directs at women, the Internet, and in particular Women Who Internet has garnered the most attention, Sorkin’s series has plenty of distaste to spread around for anyone who violates his (and Will’s) sense of how things ought to be done and how serious people of integrity ought to behave.
In one storyline, Will condescended grandly to a representative of “Occupy Wall Street ” (Aya Cash) who, in addition to being a younger, attractive woman of the sort who so often seemed to be in need of his correction, is written to be a cliche-spouting, shallow radical dummy, rather than someone able to articulate the value of working outside the electoral system. I suppose that kind of take-down — a form Will himself was all too willing to condemn when practiced by Hope Davis’ gossip columnist — is entertaining if you really think there’s nothing to a movement like Occupy. But watching Will dismantle the weakest presentation of an argument has made me think less of his capabilities, not more.
And in other storylines, “The Newsroom” has featured two plots about whistleblowers or leakers, both of which ended in the same way: the source’s suicide.
In the first season, Charlie rejected a story from Solomon Hancock (Stephen Henderson) in part on the grounds that he has an imperfect personal life and had his security clearance downgraded, an event Solomon attributes to retaliation and Charlie sees as potential proof of incompetence. Solomon is disgusted when Charlie suggests he see a therapist: “I come to you with a story, the NSA is–and you want to send me to a doctor?” he demands to know. But when Solomon jumps off a bridge, he proves Charlie right in his assessment of Solomon’s mental state.
This year, an Edward Snowden-like leaker, Lilly Hart (Clea Duvall) reaches out to Neal with a trove of documents that provide a wide-ranging look at American intelligence operations. The plots that follow are less about the potential news value of the trove of information and more about the risks posed by it. Neal has to leave for Venezuela to avoid being extradited. The ACN team has to scramble madly to try to get an American asset who would be put in danger by their reporting to a safe place, while Lilly shows a bizarre level of disregard for the man’s family, given that she was initially motivated to leak by the deaths of 36 people in riots prompted by American intelligence operatives.
Before nobly going to jail, Will gives an eloquent courtroom speech about his disgust for whistleblowers and the damage they do, but still manages to maintain his status as the good guy by insisting that he can’t reveal his source’s name: He bolsters the government’s argument, except for the bits that let him martyr himself. And once he is in prison, Rebecca (Marcia Gay Harden), ACN’s attorney, protests that “you can’t lock up a man for 52 days without him knowing when or even if he’s ever getting out,” as if Guantanamo Bay had been tidily closed and its residents repatriated years ago. With that level of preciousness about how the world actually works, and the conviction that Will’s relatively gentle prison stay is the biggest sacrifice anyone could make, it’s no wonder “The Newsroom” plays down the potential significance of Lilly’s leak.
But wait! It gets worse! Ultimately, Lilly commits suicide in a flashier manner than Solomon before her, shooting herself outside of the Department of Justice. In telling this story not once but twice, “The Newsroom” seems to be reinforcing the idea that to abandon respectable means of dissent and to question governmental claims that secrecy is necessary are evidence of mental illness. That’s an awfully ugly idea, worse than the show’s fairly predictable get-off-my-lawn disdain for new media.
But the confidence “The Newsroom” has in Will McAvoy to determine what is news and what is not, what is worthy and what is trash, does have consequences. There is plenty to object to in the show’s depiction of a debate between Don and Mary (Sarah Sutherland) about the website she started to out her alleged rapists after both campus and city police refused to act — including, as Emily Nussbaum noted in a great piece about the episode , the obsessive concern “The Newsroom” shows for the risk vengeful women pose to the reputations of powerful men.
The thing that made me truly crazy about the plotline, though, was not that Don defended the idea that accused rapists should be presumed innocent until proven guilty, or that he was uncomfortable with the idea of trying to stage a debate over a specific allegation on air. It was that Don had tracked down a woman who was emotional but articulate in her defense of a position that differed from his (that it’s fair to out rapists when the courts fail to act), and who was prepared to accept personal exposure to make her case on national television, and then lied to his bosses to keep her off the air, saying he hadn’t been able to find Mary. When Rolling Stone gets sketchy about whether they were able to contact an alleged rapist, we rightly recognize that as malpractice. When Don tells an outright untruth to keep a young woman from speaking publicly, his colleagues treat him like he’s standing up for important principles.
Don was doing what Charlie said he wanted to do: narrowing the definition of news. And “The Newsroom” is utterly incapable of acknowledging that while there are problems with broadening news to include celebrity reporting or cultural kerfuffles, there are also serious consequences to shrinking your range of coverage and your sense of who is fit to be part of it.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Sexual threats  harsh grilling: CIA methods detailed in torture reportprint
The Senate Intelligence Committee report on US spy agency CIA’s interrogation methods during George W Bush's presidency says they were not as effective as claimed and were brutal and far worse than represented.
The 528-page executive summary of a classified 6,300 page report released on Tuesday was expected to be critical, according to earlier leaks, and it was.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) used methods — called enhanced interrogation techniques — like “waterboarding” (creating suffocation), “walling” (slamming suspect against the wall), slaps, sleep deprivation and  “rectal rehydration” (rectal feeding without medical necessity) and ice water baths.
US Senator Dianne Feinstein (C) talks to reporters as she walks to the Senate floor on Capitol Hill in Washington. The CIA used sexual threats, waterboarding and other harsh methods to interrogate terrorism suspects. (Reuters photo)
One suspect, Abu Zubaydah, was so badly treated during waterboarding that, the report said, he became “completely unresponsive, with bubbles rising through his open, full mouth”.
United States President Barack Obama, who ended the use of these measures in his first week in office in 2009, welcomed the release of the report and said it “reinforces my long-held view that these harsh methods were not only inconsistent with our values as nation, they did not serve our broader counterterrorism efforts or our national security interests”.
In a separate statement, CIA said the report had “too many flaws to stand as a public record” of the enhanced interrogation programme.
Security for US facilities and individuals overseas has been stepped up to prepare for any backlash from the publication of the report.
“There are some indications that the release of the report could lead to a greater risk that is posed to US facilities and individuals all around the world, so the administration has taken the prudent steps to ensure that the proper security precautions are in place at US facilities around the globe,” said White House spokesperson Josh Earnest on Monday.
Officials insisted preparations for handling the backlash, if any, have been on for a while ever since the release of the report became a possibility. They were re-emphasised last week.
State department spokesperson Jen Psaki said “all chiefs of mission were asked to review their mission security posture in advance of the upcoming release of the report” several months ago.
“That was something that we reiterated again over the last couple of days given the likely pending release,” she added.
The Senate committee is expected to release a 500-page summary of the report, which runs into about 6,300 pages on Tuesday. A 100-page declassified version of the CIA response is also expected to be made public at the same time.
The CIA has been opposed to release of the report fearing consequences for those named, even by their aliases — won’t be hard to make out who is who among them.
The spy agency used these interrogation methods in the war against terror in the aftermath of 9/11, and claims it has had all the necessary authorisation — and the Bush administration agrees.
“We’re fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf,” said George W Bush, who authorised them, in a TV interview. “These are patriots and whatever the report says, if it diminishes their contributions to our country, it is way off base.”
This image shows the front page of the report. (AFP photo)

Costco s a deal for shoppers; CEO may be  tooCostco Wholesale store in King of Prussia, PA. (Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Everyone loves a bargain. Costco COST may be getting one in CEO W. Craig Jelinek.
In an era of oversized pay packages and  stock grants, Jelinek pulled in a relatively modest $5.6 million in fiscal 2014 compensation, up 4.8% from 2013, the members-only warehouse giant and USA’s second-largest retailer said in a preliminary proxy Tuesday.
That’s about half the median $10.5 million pay Standard & Poor’s 500 company CEOs made in 2013.
Jelinek’s compensation included $650,000 in salary, $4.8 million stock award and a $90,000 bonus – about what some CEOs get in annual personal use of the corporate yet.
Jeinek gained another $3.3 million exercising previously awarded stock options and $5.3 million from vested shares, vs. stock and options gains valued at about $11.9 million in 2013, according to corporate filings.
Jelinek, 62, a 30-year Costco executive, was named CEO in January 2012, replacing the always frugal co-founder Jim Sinegal.
Costco said it had a 2014 pre-tax income target of $3.25 billion, it ended with $3.197 billion, hitting 98.4% of target.  The company is scheduled to report third-quarter earnings Wednesday.  Year-to-date, Costco shares are up about 20%.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

http://usat.ly/1wWNqUQFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher.
Post to Facebook
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35UGs
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
Kim Hjelmgaard and John Waggoner , USA TODAY 4:12 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
On the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
100 CONNECT 161 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks cut earlier sharp losses and closed mixed Tuesday as global economic concerns weighed on the markets.
U.S. stocks initially followed global markets lower as Chinese markets plummeted and Greece saw one of its worst trading days in decades. European stocks? They got smacked, too.
But tech stocks rallied later in the day as the Nasdaq turned positive and the S&P 500 closed flat.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell for a second straight day, closing 51.28 points lower, or  0.3%, to 17,801.20. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.49 to 2059.82.The Nasdaq composite index gained 25.77 points, or 0.5%, to 4766.47.
Oil prices rebounded slightly after Monday's 4% drop. The January contract for crude oil rose 70 cents, or 0.7%, to $63.74 a barrel.
Overseas, Asian markets plunged as Hong Kong's Hang Seng index tumbled 2.3% to 23,485.83 and mainland China's Shanghai composite index plunged 5.4% to 2856.27.  Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index dropped 0.7% to 17,813.38.
The plunge in Chinese stocks comes as the Chinese government set new restrictions on collateral for short-term collateralized loans, called repurchase agreements. By limiting the types of bonds that can be used as collateral, the government made those loans more difficult to get, and more expensive.
The Chinese government also extolled the virtue of slower economic growth, a signal that it expects the economy to grow less quickly in the future.
"Debt to GDP in China has seen a massive increase as the Chinese central government has internalized on its books the problems that occurred in the private sector," Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments, said at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable on Friday.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in China tumbled in premarket trading.  For example, iShares FTSE China 25 Index Fund (ticker: FXI) fell 3.14%. Traditional open-ended funds won't price until the U.S. market closes at 4:00 p.m.
In Europe, Britain's FTSE  index fell 2.1% to 6529.47 and Germany's DAX dropped 2.2% to 9793.71. France's CAC 40 tumbled 2.6% to 4263.94.

Grain Mixed  Livestock Mostly HigherIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Russian Buys Watson s Nobel to Give It BackIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

From the Hubble  a new image of a glittering cosmic wonderland with stars as old as the universe itselfBy Rachel Feltman December 9 Follow @rachelfeltman
All that glitters. (NASA/ESA/Gilles Chapdelaine)
It kind of looks like a snow globe  -- or maybe like the glittering ornament atop a massive Christmas tree.
Or like your neighbor's house during December, if you're lucky enough to live next to an aggressive seasonal decorator.
But this image from the Hubble Space Telescope shows Messier 92 . Messier 92 is a globular cluster, or a spherical group of old stars bound tightly together by gravity. Their density can make globular clusters appear quite bright, and this is one of the brightest in our whole galaxy.
You may even have seen this cosmic bauble before. It's over 25,000 light years away from Earth, but with 330,000 stars packed tightly into it, it's often visible with the naked eye. You can catch its occasional appearances in the constellation Hercules.
Astronomers know from Messier 92's molecular composition that it isn't just bright -- it's also very old. About as old as the universe itself, in fact.
Like this image? You could have been the one to create it. A version of this photo was submitted by Gilles Chapdelaine as part of the Hubble's Hidden Treasures image competition . The Hubble has beamed back so much data that not all of it has been translated into visible images, but the public is welcome to sift through archives to try to find stellar shots worth sharing. Find out more at the Hubble Web site .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Relief package good forallWritten by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:04 am
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, who completed six months in office on Monday, announced a package for land pooling for the new capital city near Vijayawada, claiming it would be a win-win formula for both landowners and the government.
The package promises farmers and landowners 800 to 1,000 sq yard plots at another place for the type of land they give up. Besides this, the landowners would get a compensation of Rs 30,000 to Rs 50,000 per annum per acre for 10 years with a 10 per cent annual hike. It also includes relief for tenant farmers and farm labourers, who would lose their livelihood.
“Nowhere in the country such a package has been offered. We have taken great care that farmers and tenant farmers and farm labourers benefit from this, and do not feel that they have lost something. Some political parties have tried to instigate farmers and landowners at some places to protest against the land pooling, but failed as the land owners have realised that they were playing a political game,’’ Naidu said. The Chief Minister also asserted that his government was planning to develop a world-class capital for Andhra Pradesh. “We plan to create good infrastructure… we will go for underground cabling, there will be green belts and plenty of gardens, and metro connectivity,’’ he said.

First 2015 warning sign: No Santa Claus rallyfirst 2015 warning sign: no santa claus rally
Investors seek clarity on Coal India achieving 1 bln tn production by 2019Investors seek clarity on Coal India achieving 1 bln tn production by 2019
4 entities barred from giving investment advisory services4 entities barred from giving investment advisory services
Hike in oil excise duty-a retrograde stepHike in oil excise duty-a retrograde step
Simple antenna can help kick costly cable TV habit10
How is the quality of over-the-air TV? Once you are receiving a strong signal, excellent. No snow or ghosting picture. "You have a cliff effect; you either have a signal or you don't have signal. If you're not receiving your signal properly, for the most part, you'll just get a blue screen," Geise said. Otherwise, the picture is likely to be noticeably better than cable or satellite. An exception might be broadcast subchannels, if there are a lot of them. They might be slightly lower quality than the main channel, but still high definition, said David Wilson, vice president of technology and standards at the Consumer Electronics Association.
How do I buy an antenna? Several websites can help you determine the reception at your address, the nearest TV transmitters and the channels you're likely to receive. Some help you choose an outdoor antenna model with color codes. Consumer Reports recommends antennaweb.org, antennapoint.com, TVFool.com and the FCC's DTV Reception maps, tinyurl.com/fccmaps.
What are the types of antennas? The basic choice is between indoor antennas, if you're roughly 25 miles or closer to transmitting towers, or outdoor and attic antennas if you are farther away. Outdoor antennas are better but indoor antennas are smaller and more discreet. Some flat, flexible, magazine-size plates can be mounted behind a TV, for example, or even painted the same color as the wall. Some newer outdoor antennas are smaller than traditional models and can be mounted to the side of a house, similar to a satellite dish, Geise said. Besides Terk and RCA, Mohu brand indoor antennas get good reviews. There's no such thing as an HD or digital antenna, which are marketing terms.
Is installation difficult? For indoor antennas, you attach it to your TV with the familiar coaxial cable and perform a channel scan to see what stations you get. See your TV's manual for instructions on performing a scan. Moving the antenna around the room might change which channels you receive. Mounting an outdoor antenna will depend on how handy you are and whether you are comfortable working at heights. Hiring an installer is an option.
Which is best? Terrain, trees and buildings can all impact signals and the type of antenna that works best at your location, so you might have to try a few. There is no "best." "There are so many factors that can come into play to get the best signal you can," Geise said. So, buy from a retailer that offers no-hassle returns. Consumer Reports says that for indoor antennas the wood or metal in your home's walls might interfere with and degrade digital signals. It found the best placement is usually near a window facing the direction of your local TV transmitters. But again, your best strategy is trial and error.
Do features matter? Antennas that are amplified and omnidirectional sound like they're better, but they are not necessarily. A nonamplified, directional antenna might work best.
How much do they cost? Consumer Reports found little correlation between price and performance. The antenna that was generally able to pull in the most stations during its test was a $32 model from RCA.
Can I feed several TVs with one antenna? Yes. You can use a splitter for the cable, possibly adding amplifiers for longer runs, as you would with cable and satellite TV.
Is there a downside? Potentially. Besides the inability to get nonbroadcast channels, recording shows and movies can be expensive or a hassle. You can record broadcast TV on DVRs, but some, like Tivo, have monthly service costs, mitigating your cord-cutting savings. Channel Master is another brand that is more expensive but has a DVR without a subscription. Tablo and Simple.tv are others. The biggest downside is that some people just won't be able to get a good enough signal to make an antenna work in their locations.

India sets new world record for largest human flagIndia sets new world record for largest human flag
PTI
An aerial view of the Indian National Flag formed by volunteers that created a new Guinness World Record for the largest human flag formation, at Nandanam YMCA ground in Chennai. - PTI Photo
Chennai, Dec 7:  
India today set a new world record for the largest human flag, formed by over 50,000 volunteers, beating the previous record held by Pakistan.
The event saw about 1.5 lakh volunteers, mainly youth, turn up for the event at YMCA Grounds here even as 50,000 of them formed the tricolour, Governor of Rotary 3230, organiser of the ‘My Flag My India’ campaign, ISAK Nazar, told reporters here.
The Guinness World Record for the largest human flag was previously held by the Sports Club of Lahore with 28,957 people forming the flag, he said.
“This is the first record (of its kind) in independent India and our aim was to infuse patriotism and nationalism in the present generation and next-generation youth,” he said, adding, youngsters formed the crux of the participants.
Guinness official Syeda Subasi presented the certificate validating the attempt. She described the effort as a ’historic moment’ for India and lauded the participants for turning up early in the morning.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Rolling Stone Walks Back Contentious Apology Letterreddit
Rolling Stone has updated a memo it posted to its site on Friday, addressing concerns about its recent bombshell investigation of campus rape.
In the original letter, published on Friday, Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana apologized for apparent factual discrepancies in their report about an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia . The magazine said that it had "misplaced" its trust in "Jackie", the student at the center of the article, who says that she was assaulted a fraternity party in 2012. Dana also admitted that the reporter, Sabrina Rubin Erdely, never tried to contact the accused rapists, at Jackie's request.
Many people lashed out at Rolling Stone on Twitter for blaming the alleged victim instead of taking full responsibility for reporting accuracy.
"This DOES NOT mean this woman lied about being raped - many victims have trouble recounting details of trauma," the Guardian's Jessica Valenti said of the jumbled facts. "What it does mean is that @RollingStone threw her under the bus to protect their own asses, after their own mistakes."
Rolling Stone responded to those criticisms by updating the letter on Saturday. In the new version, the magazine says that "these mistakes are on Rolling Stone, not on Jackie." The note also sheds more light into what went wrong and addresses a Washington Post report detailing some of the factual issues.
According to the Washington Post, "Drew" actually belongs to a different fraternity and when contacted by the paper, he denied knowing Jackie. Jackie told Rolling Stone that after she was assaulted, she ran into "Drew" at a UVA pool where they both worked as lifeguards. In its statement, the Phi Psi says none of its members worked at the pool in the fall of 2012.
Dana also issued a second apology on Twitter.
"We should have either not made this agreement with Jackie [to not contact the alleged assailants] or worked harder to convince her that the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story," he said. "That failure is on us – not on her."
CNN's Brian Stelter said on Sunday that Rolling Stone editors declined to appear on his show, Reliable Sources, because they were busy fact-checking the embattled article.
Jackie told the Washington Post that she stands by her story.
More:

India and the United States: Our Time Has ComeEmail
Comment
When President Obama returns to India this January, he will become the first U.S. president to celebrate Republic Day as chief guest. As the leaders of the largest and oldest democracies in the world sit side-by-side along the Rajpath, it will be the surest sign yet that our interests and values are united like never before.
I've been Secretary of State now going on two years, and I was on the Foreign Relations Committee for nearly 30 years, so I've seen the ups and downs of this relationship. And people talk about the United States and India perhaps the way that a matchmaker talks about two friends that they want to get together: "Oh, you have so much in common. If only you'd spend more time together."
People are watching to wait and see if this Modi moment is going to be the moment when the world's oldest democracy and the world's largest democracy finally capitalize on the full, inherent potential of this relationship. And it does, in fact, seem so natural. The United States and India are two countries defined by the belief that all things are possible.
President Obama often says that, for him, only in America would his journey be possible. And Prime Minister Modi's journey from a young man who sold tea by the railroad in Gujarat to the Prime Minister's residence on Race Course Road seems no less improbable.
This belief in opportunity, even against long odds, is unique to our two countries. We are two countries who begin our founding documents with the same three words: "We the people." We are two countries where entrepreneurship, creativity, and innovation are in both of our DNA. We are the only two countries that could have given birth to Hollywood and Bollywood and where high-tech hubs like Bangalore and Silicon Valley could blossom and be connected -- even as they are independent in their creativity. We are two countries that, as Swami Vivekananda said in Chicago more than a century ago, have sheltered the persecuted and the refugees of all religions and all nations on earth.
In the last years, I have been pleased and privileged to see our relationship come a long way.  It has been a long journey from the mistrust and misperception of the Cold War period and even the post-Cold War period and President Clinton's efforts to forge a new relationship.  And those efforts have continued under U.S. administrations Democratic and Republican, alike.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz meet with a pair of high school entrepreneurs during an expo focused on clean energy and technology products in New Delhi, India, on June 24, 2013.
_________
The question today is whether we are going to at last take this partnership to the new heights that we can both envision.
What is clear for all to see is that we are two confident, democratic nations together entering a new age of technological advancement, growth, and progress.
While India and the United States boast unique histories and cultures, we are also similar in many ways.  With 3.2 million Indian-Americans creating businesses and enriching life in cities from Atlanta to San Francisco, India is tightly woven into the fabric of American society. And recently, President Obama and Prime Minister Modi reaffirmed our shared values when they visited the Martin Luther King Jr., Memorial in Washington and discussed the impact that the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi had on America's own Civil Rights Movement.
But what you might not see on the broadsheets, broadcasts, and tweets that our citizens share every day is that American and Indian businesses are forging a new model of relations founded on the building blocks of co-innovation and global collaboration - in the United States, India, and across the Indo-Pacific.
This week, with the launch of Huffington Post India, one of America's most influential media organizations has recognized what you see every day: that India is in the midst of a great transformation -- from its rural villages to its mega-cities -- and that American business has an essential role to play in its continued emergence.
I first came to India in 1994 as a United States Senator leading a trade mission of American companies. I was immediately seized with India's economic promise and entrepreneurial passion. And I was not alone. Two short decades later and American and Indian scientists, entrepreneurs, and innovators have realized the same opportunity and are collaborating like never before. They have spurred progress in such sectors as health care, aeronautics systems, and green energy technology.
The fruits of these partnerships are already extraordinary.
When India became the first country to successfully send a satellite into orbit around Mars on its initial attempt, their collaborators at NASA and JPL were cheering just as loudly as the scientists and engineers at ISRO.  Through innovative partnerships, India has embraced U.S. off-grid clean energy technology, which soon will provide millions of people with consistent electricity. Together we've developed vaccines for Rotavirus, saving the lives of hundreds of thousands of children under the age of five.  And last month, we held the U.S.-India Tech Summit, which brought together representatives from our governments to discuss new opportunities for mutual growth.
But the greatest dividends from our partnership will be realized in the future.
Two-way investment is booming.  Ford Motor Company is spending $1 billion to turn its new auto plant in Gujarat into a regional manufacturing hub.  U.S. subsidiaries of Indian-owned companies employ 45,000 people in the United States.  U.S. financial institutions are investing in India's booming start-up market.  And we are encouraging utility firms to help Prime Minister Modi meet his goal of bringing power to every Indian home before the end of the decade -- an important step toward achieving his other ambition, building a $10 trillion Indian economy by 2030.
There is no denying it: The work going on in boardrooms in Mumbai and New York, laboratories in Palo Alto and Gujarat, and factories from Pittsburgh to Bangalore is proof positive that Indians and Americans are blazing a new path forward, a path built on the bedrock of innovation.
All of these achievements are made possible by our dynamic societies.  Last summer, I returned to India and spoke with Ratan Tata and other transformational business leaders.  I stopped by the Indian Institute of Technology and watched students researching and developing new products like biodegradable plastics.  And at Race Course Road, I sat down with Prime Minister Modi and discussed his vision for India's economic future.  I left India inspired, with the conviction that our entrepreneurial DNA will take our nations places we could have never imagined when I first arrived in 1994.
Both Indians and Americans are knowledge seekers and entrepreneurs. We believe in freedom and the rights of all. And we are aspirational: We trust that tomorrow will be better than yesterday.
Today, our destinies are converging.  As we continue to deepen our partnership, and transform how we collaborate and invent, India and the United States can create a more prosperous future -- for the world and for one another.
Our time has come.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry expresses his thanks after receiving a scarf during a traditional arrival ceremony at his hotel in New Delhi, India, on July 30, 2014.
_________

Laborers At Mexico s Mega-Farms Endure Terrible Work Conditions So You Can Get Affordable ProducePhotography & Video by Don Bartletti
Dec. 7, 2014
A Times reporter and photographer find that thousands of laborers at Mexico's mega-farms endure harsh conditions and exploitation while supplying produce for American consumers.
First of four stories
At the end of the day, Roma tomatoes are ready for transport in Cristo Rey in the state of Sinaloa. Half the tomatoes consumed in the U.S. come from Mexico.
The tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers arrive year-round by the ton, with peel-off stickers proclaiming "Product of Mexico."
ADVERTISEMENT
Farm exports to the U.S. from Mexico have tripled to $7.6 billion in the last decade, enriching agribusinesses, distributors and retailers.
American consumers get all the salsa, squash and melons they can eat at affordable prices. And top U.S. brands — Wal-Mart, Whole Foods, Subway and Safeway, among many others — profit from produce they have come to depend on.
These corporations say their Mexican suppliers have committed to decent treatment and living conditions for workers.
But a Los Angeles Times investigation found that for thousands of farm laborers south of the border, the export boom is a story of exploitation and extreme hardship.
Lea esta historia en español »
The Times found:
Many farm laborers are essentially trapped for months at a time in rat-infested camps, often without beds and sometimes without functioning toilets or a reliable water supply.
Some camp bosses illegally withhold wages to prevent workers from leaving during peak harvest periods.
Laborers often go deep in debt paying inflated prices for necessities at company stores. Some are reduced to scavenging for food when their credit is cut off. It's common for laborers to head home penniless at the end of a harvest.
Those who seek to escape their debts and miserable living conditions have to contend with guards, barbed-wire fences and sometimes threats of violence from camp supervisors.
Major U.S. companies have done little to enforce social responsibility guidelines that call for basic worker protections such as clean housing and fair pay practices.
The farm laborers are mostly indigenous people from Mexico's poorest regions. Bused hundreds of miles to vast agricultural complexes, they work six days a week for the equivalent of $8 to $12 a day.
The squalid camps where they live, sometimes sleeping on scraps of cardboard on concrete floors, are operated by the same agribusinesses that employ advanced growing techniques and sanitary measures in their fields and greenhouses.
The contrast between the treatment of produce and of people is stark.
Clockwise from top: At Campo Sacramento in Guasave, Sinaloa, barbed wire runs along the perimeter, and arrivals and departures are controlled around the clock. After a long day of work, laborers crowd in the bed of an open truck. At Campo San Jose, Lucio Marquez Garcia, right, dines with his family on food that they picked. Son Luis, 17, says, "It's hard to sleep because of all the TVs and drunks making noise. You wake up so tired you don't feel like working."
In immaculate greenhouses, laborers are ordered to use hand sanitizers and schooled in how to pamper the produce. They're required to keep their fingernails carefully trimmed so the fruit will arrive unblemished in U.S. supermarkets.
"They want us to take such great care of the tomatoes, but they don't take care of us," said Japolina Jaimez, a field hand at Rene Produce, a grower of tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers in the northwestern state of Sinaloa. "Look at how we live."
He pointed to co-workers and their children, bathing in an irrigation canal because the camp's showers had no water that day.
At the mega-farms that supply major American retailers, child labor has been largely eradicated. But on many small and mid-sized farms, children still work the fields, picking chiles, tomatillos and other produce, some of which makes its way to the U.S. through middlemen. About 100,000 children younger than 14 pick crops for pay, according to the Mexican government's most recent estimate.
Pedro Vasquez, working the chile pepper fields near Leon, Guanajuato, is one of the estimated 100,000 Mexican children younger than 14 who pick crops for pay, according to the governmentâ€™s most recent estimate. He is 9 years old.
During The Times' 18-month investigation, a reporter and a photographer traveled across nine Mexican states, observing conditions at farm labor camps and interviewing hundreds of workers.
At half the 30 camps they visited, laborers were in effect prevented from leaving because their wages were being withheld or they owed money to the company store, or both.
Some of the worst camps were linked to companies that have been lauded by government and industry groups. Mexico's President Enrique Peña Nieto presented at least two of them with "exporter of the year" honors.
The Times traced produce from fields to U.S. supermarket shelves using Mexican government export data, food safety reports from independent auditors, California pesticide surveys that identify the origin of imported produce, and numerous interviews with company officials and industry experts.
The practice of withholding wages, although barred by Mexican law, persists, especially for workers recruited from indigenous areas, according to government officials and a 2010 report by the federal Secretariat of Social Development. These laborers typically work under three-month contracts and are not paid until the end. The law says they must be paid weekly.
The Times visited five big export farms where wages were being withheld. Each employed hundreds of workers.
Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, bought produce directly or through middlemen from at least three of those farms, The Times found.
Bosses at one of Mexico's biggest growers, Bioparques de Occidente in the state of Jalisco, not only withheld wages but kept hundreds of workers in a labor camp against their will and beat some who tried to escape, according to laborers and Mexican authorities.
Asked about its ties to Bioparques and other farms where workers were exploited, Wal-Mart released this statement:
"We care about the men and women in our supply chain, and recognize that challenges remain in this industry. We know the world is a big place. While our standards and audits make things better around the world, we won't catch every instance when people do things that are wrong."
“
The real truth is that we're work animals for the fields.
— Pasqual Garcia, farmworker
Watch more
At Rene Produce in Sinaloa, The Times saw hungry laborers hunting for scraps because they could not afford to buy food at the company store.
The grower, which exported $55 million in tomatoes in 2014, supplies supermarkets across the U.S., including Whole Foods, which recently took out full-page newspaper ads promoting its commitment to social responsibility.
Asked for comment, Whole Foods said it did not expect to buy any more produce "directly" from Rene, which it described as a minor supplier.
The produce pipeline: A case study »
Agricola San Emilio is a Mexican agribusiness where workers endured abusive conditions. Using public records, private market data and interviews, The Times traced produce from San Emilio to the United States.
"We take the findings you shared VERY seriously, especially since Rene has signed our social accountability agreement," Edmund LaMacchia, a global vice president of procurement for Whole Foods, said in a statement.
Rene Produce was named one of Mexico's exporters of the year in September.
Jose Humberto Garcia, the company's chief operating officer, said Rene had consulted with outside experts about ways to enhance worker welfare. "We have tried in recent years to improve the lives of our workers," he said. "There's still room for improvement. There's always room for improvement."
Executives at Triple H in Sinaloa, another exporter of the year and a distributor for major supermarkets across the U.S., said they were surprised to hear about abusive labor practices at farms including one of their suppliers, Agricola San Emilio.
"It completely violates our principles," said Heriberto Vlaminck, Triple H's general director.
His son Heriberto Vlaminck Jr., the company's commercial director, added: "I find it incredible that people work under these conditions."
In northern Mexico, agro-industrial complexes stretch for miles across coastal plains and inland valleys, their white rows of tent-like hothouses so vast they can be seen from space.
Half the tomatoes consumed in the U.S. come from Mexico, mostly from the area around Culiacan, the capital of Sinaloa. Many farms use growing techniques from Europe. Walls of tomato vines grow 10 feet tall and are picked by laborers on stilts.
Agricola San Emilio raises crops on 370 acres of open fields and greenhouses 20 miles west of Culiacan. In a tin-roofed packinghouse, tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers are boxed for the journey north to distributors for Wal-Mart, Olive Garden, Safeway, Subway and other retailers.
Sinaloa is home to some of the largest export farms in Mexico. Upper left: Growing houses at International Greenhouse Produce in Villa Benito Juarez employ modern techniques to protect crops against insects and to strictly regulate water, fertilizer and light. A worker, upper right, loads just-picked Roma tomatoes at Agricola El Porvenir. Above: International Greenhouse Produce operates one of the largest contiguous greenhouse complexes in North America.
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2014, the company exported more than 80 million pounds of tomatoes alone, according to government data.
Every winter, 1,000 workers arrive at San Emilio by bus with backpacks and blankets, hoping to make enough money to support family members back home. Some simply want to stay fed.
Behind the packing facility lies the company's main labor camp, a cluster of low-slung buildings made of cinder block or corrugated metal where about 500 laborers live.
The shed-like structures are crudely partitioned into tiny rooms that house four to six people each. The floors are concrete. There are no beds or other furniture, nor any windows.
The workers' day begins at 3 a.m. when a freight train known as "The Beast" rumbles past the dusty camp, rousting the inhabitants. They get coffee, a biscuit and a short stack of tortillas before heading to the fields.
When Times journalists visited the camp in March, Juan Ramirez, a 22-year-old with a toddler back home in Veracruz, had been working at San Emilio for six weeks and had yet to be paid.
He and other laborers spent their days picking, packing and pruning, or scouring the plants for weevils. They lined up for their daily meals: a bowl of lentil soup for lunch, a bowl of lentil soup for dinner.
“
I want to go.... But if I leave, I lose everything.
” — Juan Hernandez, farmworker Share this quote
Ramirez, wearing a stained white T-shirt, chatted with two young men who were recent arrivals. They complained of hunger and constant headaches. Ramirez knew the feeling. He had lost 20 pounds since starting work at the farm.
"We arrive here fat, and leave skinny," he said.
Ramirez and several hundred others recruited by the same labor contractor earned $8 a day and were owed as much as $300 each. They said they wouldn't be paid until the end of their three-month contracts. That would be in six more weeks.
Workers said they had been promised $8 in pocket money every two weeks but received it only sporadically.
If they left now, they would forfeit the wages they'd earned. The barbed-wire fence that ringed the camp was an added deterrent. Farm owners say the barriers are meant to keep out thieves and drug dealers. They also serve another purpose: to discourage laborers from leaving before the crop has been picked and they've paid their debts to the company store.
Even if the workers at San Emilio jumped the fence, as some had, they wouldn't be able to afford a ride to Culiacan, let alone $100 for the bus ticket home.
Juan Hernandez, a father of five from Veracruz, was worried about his wife, who had been injured in an accident back home. "I want to go," he said. "But if I leave, I lose everything."
Hernandez slept atop packing crates padded with cardboard. A suitcase served as his dinner table.
In another building, Jacinto Santiago hung a scrap of cardboard in the open doorway of his room, which he shared with his son, daughter and son-in-law.
Laborers at Campo San Emilio, Sinaloa, sleep in their windowless rooms on vegetable crates and scraps of cardboard. Juan Hernandez, far right, wanted to visit his ailing wife in Veracruz. "But if I leave, I lose everything," he says.
A family of indigenous migrant farmworkers from Guerrero waits by a tomato field in Teacapan, Sinaloa. Each earning as little as $8 a day, they have little money to buy sturdy shoes.
Santiago said that in some ways, he had been better off back home in the central state of San Luis Potosi. There, he had a thatched-roof house with windows and a hen that laid eggs.
Santiago, like the other laborers, said he was promised that he would be able to send money home. His family was still waiting, because he hadn't been paid. "My family isn't the only one that suffers. Anyone who has a family at home suffers," he said.
Efrain Hernandez, 18, said recruiters told him his earnings would be held back so he wouldn't get robbed: "They said it was for my own good."
Outside one of the buildings, a group of men gathered under a dim light. It was nearing the 9 p.m. curfew, when the camp's heavy metal gate rolls shut and workers retreat to their rooms.
Their voices echoed across the compound as they swapped stories about conditions in various camps. There are at least 200 across Mexico, 150 in Sinaloa alone.
Pedro Hernandez, 51, complained that unlike some other camps, San Emilio didn't offer beds or blankets. Then again, there were fewer rats, he said.
The conversation attracted a camp supervisor, who was surprised to see a reporter and photographer.
"When the people from Wal-Mart come," she said, "they let us know in advance."
She walked the journalists to the exit. The pickers went back to their rooms. The gate rolled shut.
The road to labor camps like San Emilio begins deep in the indigenous regions of central and southern Mexico, where advertising jingles play endlessly on the radio, echoing from storefront speakers.
"Attention. Attention. We are looking for 400 peasants to pick tomatoes."
"You'll earn 100 pesos per day, three free meals per day and overtime."
"Vamonos a trabajar!" — Let's go work!
On a warm January morning this year, dozens of indigenous people looking for work descended from mud-hut villages in the steep mountains of the Huasteca region. Nahuatl men wore holstered machetes. Women cradled children in their arms. Young men shouldered backpacks stuffed with the clothes they would wear for the next few months.
The laborers approached a knot of recruiters gathered outside a gas station in the town of Huejutla de Reyes, about 130 miles north of Mexico City.
Long march for meager pay
Peasants from Mexico's indigenous regions are bused to export farms in the west and northwest to pick and process fruits and vegetables. The Huasteca region is a prime source of agricultural labor.
Among those offering jobs at distant farms was Luis Garcia, 37. Garcia, a stocky Nahuatl Indian with silver-rimmed teeth, had risen from child picker to field boss to labor contractor for Agricola San Emilio. He lived just outside town, in a hilltop house behind tall gates, and was known to locals as "Don Luis."
"We all owe our livelihoods to the farmworkers," he said. "We have to treat them well, or the gringos don't get their tomatoes."
Labor contractors are key players in the agricultural economy, the link between export farms in the north and peasants in Huasteca and other impoverished regions. An estimated 150,000 make the pilgrimage every harvest season.
The contractors, working for agribusinesses, transport laborers to and from the farms. Often, they also oversee the camps and distribute workers' pay.
Many contractors abuse their power, according to indigenous leaders and federal inspectors. They lie about wages and living conditions at the camps. Under pressure from growers, they sometimes refuse to bring laborers home, even at the end of their contracts, if there are still vegetables to be picked.
Earlier this year, 25 farmworkers walked 20 miles across a Baja California desert after a contractor left them on the roadside, short of their destination.
At the gas station in Huejutla de Reyes, villagers listened warily to the recruiters' pitches. One was said to be representing a contractor wanted on human trafficking charges. Another worked for a contractor notorious for wage theft and other abuses.
Garcia had his own brush with controversy several years ago, when dozens of pickers accused him of holding them captive and abusing them at an onion farm in Chihuahua.
"They said I beat people. Lies, all lies," Garcia said, bristling. "I wouldn't be here today talking to you if it was true, would I?"
He depicted himself as a reformer who wanted to establish a trade association to set standards and drive out unscrupulous contractors.
“
The gringos are the ones that put up the money and make the rules
” — Luis Garcia, labor contractor Share this quote
But he saw no need to do more for workers. "The more protected they are, the less they work," he said.
As he spoke, recruiters tried to outbid one another for laborers, boosting their offers of spending money for the two-day bus trip to Sinaloa.
Garcia won the day's competition. With his smooth baritone, he persuaded about 40 people to get on his bus.
Garcia read their contract aloud to the workers, including the provision that they wouldn't be paid until the end of their three-month term. He later acknowledged that federal law requires weekly payments but said that there were other issues to consider.
"Paying them every week is a problem because it causes lots of issues with drinking and drugging and violence," Garcia said. "Huasteca people are fighters when they're drunk."
Proud of his success in a cutthroat business, Garcia portrayed himself as the product of a farm labor system in which the real bosses were U.S. companies.
"The gringos are the ones that put up the money and make the rules," he said.
Jenobeba Diaz Matia bathes her 9-month-old son in a basin where fellow residents wash dishes and clothes at their government-run camp in Isla del Bosque, Sinaloa.
The U.S. companies linked to Agricola San Emilio through distributors have plenty of rules, but they serve mainly to protect American consumers, not Mexican field hands.
Strict U.S. laws govern the safety and cleanliness of imported fruits and vegetables. To meet those standards, retailers and distributors send inspectors to Mexico to examine fields, greenhouses and packing plants.
The companies say they are also committed to workers' well-being and cite their ethical sourcing guidelines. Retailers increasingly promote the idea that the food they sell not only is tasty and healthful but was produced without exploiting workers.
But at many big corporations, enforcement of those standards is weak to nonexistent, and often relies on Mexican growers to monitor themselves, The Times found.
In some low-wage countries, U.S. retailers rely on independent auditors to verify that suppliers in apparel, footwear and other industries comply with social responsibility guidelines.
For the most part, that has not happened with Mexican farm labor. American companies have not made oversight a priority because they haven't been pressured to do so. There is little public awareness of harsh conditions at labor camps. Many farms are in areas torn by drug violence, which has discouraged media coverage and visits by human rights groups and academic researchers.
Asked to comment on conditions at Agricola San Emilio, Subway said in a statement: "We will use this opportunity to reinforce our Code of Conduct with our suppliers." The code says suppliers must ensure that workers "are fairly compensated and are not exploited in any way."

Scared To Start Your Own Business Follow These 5 Steps"Everybody is doin' a brand new dance, now,
I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now"
-- Carole King/Gerry Goffin: "The Locomotion"
For those of us over 50, that new dance is Entrepreneurship; and it's a dicey new dance for us if we've spent most of our careers in the predictable, stable and familiar corporate environment. Even if we have attained senior management ranks, the prospect of taking a chance on our own venture, depending entirely on ourselves, and forging into unknown territory is uncomfortable at best.
Unfortunately, for those of us who have been downsized by corporate America, or find ourselves with too little retirement savings in the wake of the Great Recession, starting a new business or acting more like an entrepreneur may not be a choice. The new economy is an increasingly free-lance economy, with companies pushing employees out the door and replacing them with contractors whose short term deals help reduce overhead and benefits, and increase corporate flexibility.
We can't afford to bemoan the fact that the 21st century is a far different business environment from the 20th century that we grew up in. The digital revolution has accelerated the pace of change, and has commoditized and disrupted countless businesses (and is continuing to do so on a daily basis). If we're having a hard time finding work, it's because employers are scared. They, too, are dealing with the uncomfortable truth that their businesses may be "downsized" by the marketplace in a very short span of time.
We may not realize it, particularly if our steady paycheck has suddenly evaporated, but we are actually well prepared to take our careers into our own hands, and to stop relying on corporate employers to define our value. Our decades of work and life experience give us a depth and even a "gravitas" that younger workers just don't have.
"But," you say, "not everyone is an entrepreneur!  I'm not cut out for that sort of life!" Look around you. If you're suffering and frustrated by the job market; if you've been out of work for too long; if you're being told you're overqualified for the jobs you're applying to (if you're getting called back at all!), I have one question for you: how long are you willing to send out your resume and sit through humiliating interviews? How long are you willing to do the same routine over and over, expecting a different result? Many psychologists would say that sort of thinking is the definition of insanity.
Short of a miracle where hiring managers wake up tomorrow morning and realize what smart, experienced and wise workers we are, our best prescription is to demonstrate that we are resourceful self-starters. We are not dependent on, or waiting for someone else to make us a job offer. We are taking matters into our own hands. Being entrepreneurial in today's environment is a necessity. It is no longer an option.
I'm not discounting the challenges of starting your own business, nor am I saying that starting your own business is the only way to go. Entrepreneurship comes in many forms, from acting more pro-actively on the job (and creating more value for your employer), to adding a side business, to actually setting up a totally new venture. At every step of the way there are helpful resources available we can use to learn the skills and reap the rewards of entrepreneurship.
In my experience launching my own startup, and also working entrepreneurially within larger organizations, here are five steps you can take to get the ball rolling:
1. Stop saying you can't do it. Take a good look at yourself and your career and your accomplishments. Why, after all these decades in business, are you laboring under a limiting belief that is holding you back from the possibility that you could do things differently? If you are willing to put that belief on hold, and replace it with a belief that you're willing to at least explore the possibilities, then you are on your way to expanding your awareness of your true potential, and of the opportunities that might be available to you.
2. Listen to everybody. Now that you're open to something new, ask everybody for feedback about what you should do -- and, of course, listen carefully to their answers. Ask family, close friends, trusted co-workers. Questions can be completely direct, or hypothetical. You don't even have to ask about yourself. You can spark a conversation about entrepreneurship or new businesses, or the challenges of this "new economy" -- anything to get the conversation going. Then, pay attention to what people are saying. You will likely learn some valuable insights about how you are perceived, from your strengths to your weaknesses.  You may also be surprised to learn what people think you're best suited for. For example, that hobby or volunteer activity you've done for years might be a great jumping off point for an actual business, or a new non-profit.
There are also community and online resources you can tap into to find out more about what you can do, from small business advisories, coaches, and incubators, to trade shows and conferences (many franchise operators start this way), to government programs to successful entrepreneurs who are often happy to share their experiences, tips and tricks.
3. Make peace with your past. Often, the voice inside that tells us we can't do it is the part of us still smarting from past disappointments or perceived failures. If we're going to move successfully into the future, we have to reconcile our past mistakes, and actually embrace them so that we can move forward. Our best and strongest intentions will be for naught if we have a conflicting intention that is giving us an opposite message. Take the time to make sure that you are completely aligned with your next steps. This starts with accepting the idea that you did the best you could at the time, and even if you experienced significant setbacks in your career -- setbacks from which you may still feel you haven't recovered - today is a new day. All of your experiences, including these setbacks, have contributed to who you are, and you've learned invaluable lessons as a result. So forgive yourself for judging yourself for past mistakes, and wipe the slate clean.
4. Set your criteria. Each of us will have different considerations for starting a new venture, or creating a more effective and meaningful phase in our current work. One of the Boomers I profiled earlier this year, David Levine , was quite clear about how he wanted to start his career reinvention with a franchise business. Among other considerations, he wanted to be in service,not retail, and wanted to take over an existing business that needed help, not start one from scratch. If you're looking to enhance your in-house position in your current job, look for ways to provide additional value: projects that need help, new initiatives you could propose in your division, colleagues you could mentor.  Bottom line: you need to figure out the parameters for your plan, including what suits your personality, what turns you on, who you want to work with, where you see yourself in a year, among others.
5. Start with the easiest thing. One of the most intimidating aspects of starting a new venture or taking a more entrepreneurial attitude at work can be taking that first step. We think that this step has to be something monumental -- a big gesture to prove that we are making a change. Wrong! As the old Chinese proverb says, the journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. If we try to take too big a step, we will likely not take it at all. Make a list of all of the possible things you could do right now to set yourself on this path. Once you've worked with steps one through four above, and come up with a constellation of options, tasks, leads or opportunities, pick the easiest and least intimidating (perhaps even the most fun) one that comes to mind. Start there, and keep going from easy step to easy step. The more steps you choose, the easier the next ones will get. Don't worry about doing them in order. The important thing is that you're doing them. Little by little, you will build up a critical mass of accomplishment.  Success in this context is not about imposing an artificial sequence to the process.
Change doesn't happen over night. It's a gradual process. Start acclimating yourself to change, and it will become easier and easier.
If coach Vince Lombardi were alive today, he might say that entrepreneurship isn't everything -- it's the only thing. And why not aspire to the dynamism of entrepreneurship? Don't we want to be self-reliant, independent, generative, confident in our own abilities and pro-active about our future? We're going to be living longer, and we're also going to be seeking purpose and meaning as we age. The sooner we get over the false beliefs that we are totally dependent on "the system" for our well-being, the better off we'll be. We may not have been born as entrepreneurs, but we are infinitely capable of learning new tricks. Our experience and our untapped wisdom are all we need to explore these new possibilities.
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Why I Turned Down 2 Full-Time Job Offers Out of College to Freelance and Travelreddit
I graduated from university in April 2014, wide-eyed and excited to be out in the real world. Rewind a few months prior and I had decided to give myself a trip to Colombia for 2 weeks after I graduate. I love to travel, have never been to Latin America and had a friend down there willing to let me crash at her place. It all made perfect sense.
Around the first week of May, I was all ready to leave for Colombia. I was approached on LinkedIn and ended up being offered an amazing job at a local company. This job was not only full-time and in my field, but also included stock options and an amazing health care plan.
The person I was speaking to was kind enough to give me time to travel before deciding on whether or not to take him up on the offer, politely declining my interest in working remotely for awhile.
I knew I had the travel bug and wasn't sold on having to stay in the same city I had already been in for 4 years. I took off to Colombia, cancelled my return ticket to Canada and didn't think twice about the job.
I ended up in Colombia for two months rather than two weeks. I fell in love with the country. The beautiful landscape and mountains, the most hospitable people in the world, the delicious and never ending food. (Seriously -- Colombian food is the best.)
I returned to Canada in July for the sole purpose of wrapping up my life there, talking to a few of my freelance clients, seeing family and then making the move back to Colombia.
While in Canada for two and a half months, I was referred to another company by a friend and ended up with another job offer. Another great opportunity, in my field, with a small team and lots of room for growth. Despite having already been in Colombia for two months, the travel bug bit me hard and I still couldn't see myself in the same city. Another polite decline at the idea of remote work from the company and another job turned down on my end.
Now, I am living in Bogota working freelance, learning Spanish (my fourth language) and exploring an amazing country. I couldn't be happier with the choice I made and when I look back, there are several reasons I made it.
1. The Change Factor
The jobs I was offered were in a city I had lived in for 4 years for University and was eager to get out of. Nothing wrong with it -- I genuinely love the city, but I knew if I woke up every morning and looked at myself in the mirror knowing I hadn't left when I had the chance, I wouldn't feel good about myself.
Chances to leave a city aren't as easy as they sound, I was at a rare point where I had no work requirements to stay there (unless I took the job) and no significant others in the town. Once you start seeing someone, or have a job (no matter if you don't like it) it becomes harder to leave. Excuses come up, inner dialogue takes over. I knew this was a special opportunity to leave and I took it.
The change factor was big, I wanted change and I wanted it now.
2. The World Is the Best Teacher
I know from living in Germany at age 16 and spending time in Norway the year after, that solo travel and world exploration are some of the best ways to learn life lessons. Though I learned a lot in my four years at university, I knew that there was so much more I wanted to learn and experience and the only way for me to do it, was to go out there and live it.
3. The Growth Factor
Every time I explored a new city, I traveled to a new country, started learning a new language, I felt like I grew a thousand times on the inside. I want to keep feeling that level of personal growth for my whole life. Right now, travel and exploration are feeding that growth. I made the decision to go with the wind and see where the adventure in Colombia would take me.
4. I Looked At My Goals
I did a lot of exercises for figuring out your passion and writing down your goals, I have to say the Fire Starter Sessions by Danielle LaPorte pushed me a long way! When I really looked at my life, I knew that I didn't want to be in Canada right now, or necessarily pinned down to one job. I had the opportunity and the resources to travel and freelance, so I made the jump away from security and towards liberation. It felt like insanity, now I realize it was me creating the life I want to live.
Looking at what I wanted in the next few years, exploration and adventure were top on the list, so I listened to my heart and went for the less safe option in a foreign country where I didn't speak the language. All I knew is that I didn't want the life that those jobs presented to me. I wanted a life I was creating all on my own.
I decided to go and take what I want from the world, rather than take what the world was throwing at me.
If anything, turning down those jobs doesn't make me feel like I'm missing out on opportunities. In my opinion, traveling and freelancing are only opening up more professional opportunities for me, rather than closing doors.
I can't say that the freelancing lifestyle will always be for me. My goals and aspirations will always change, but I know the lifestyle full of travel and wonder will forever be a priority for me.
Follow Hailley Griffis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/hailleymari
More:

John Kerry Speaks at Senate ISIS Hearingjohn kerry speaks at senate isis hearing
Putin to Visit India to Boost Trade and Investment TiesPutin to Visit India to Boost Trade and Investment Ties
Oil price fall a  golden  chance to shift to clean energy: IEAOil price fall a  golden  chance to shift to clean energy: IEA
Citigroup to post $2.7 bln in added legal costs in 4th qtr- CEOCitigroup to post $2.7 bln in added legal costs in 4th qtr- CEO
School has 700 girls  4 teachers  but you cant protest in SwachhBharatWritten by Sweta Dutta | Bhim |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:40 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:29 pm
On Gandhi Jayanti, ignoring the Central government’s directive to observe Swachh Bharat Mission across government schools, students of Bhim Girls’ Higher Secondary School decided to march to the sub-divisional magistrate’s office and hold a protest. The girls were seeking to raise a long-pending demand: that their school of 700 students get more than three teachers.
Their massive protest on October 2, followed by another on October 8, made a difference, but only for a while. The school in Rajasthan’s Rajsamand district was assigned four more teachers, who were transferred out within a month. The headmistress at the time of the October 2 protest was also suspended for failing to observe the Swachhta Mission as well as for “provoking the students”. The end of the school year near, the school is down to four teachers.
As monitor, 17-year-old Suman Kumari once held fort in the absence of teachers in her class. The bright Class XII student can now only think about her vast untouched syllabus with no one around to assist her. Her classmate Mamta Chauhan complains that the chapter on land measurement in Geography eludes her.
“Our half-yearly examinations begin on December 14 and we still have no Mathematics or Geography teacher. Can you imagine trying to study these subjects on your own?” asks Mamta. “We had submitted several written applications to the local administration. So on Gandhi Jayanti we planned a peaceful demonstration. When the SDM chided us for choosing a wrong day, I told him isn’t it appropriate that we take to satyagraha on Gandhiji’s birthday?”
Currently, the four teachers on the school rolls include a physical trainer, a Grade II-level teacher (eligible to teach up to Class X) assigned for English who also takes other subjects, and two Grade III teachers who take Political Science and Hindi for classes beyond VIII, which they are not entitled to teach.
The school’s sanctioned educational staff strength is 29.
While the school introduced the Science stream last year, there is no lab. So the teacher taking the subject and the 55 science students of Classes XI and XII go to the nearby boys’ school to attend classes.
“Staff shortage is a reality and we have approached the local administration several times. Hope the issue is resolved soon,” says Meena Mehta, the officiating headmistress.
One of the two teachers transferred out in November was a Biology teacher forced to take Mathematics classes until she complained that she had herself studied the subject only till Class X.
On Tuesday morning when The Indian Express visited the school, students of Class XI and XII were trying to finish their Home Science practicals supervised by three teachers while Classes IX and X students gaped outside their classroom windows, certain that no teacher would check on them. In the absence of teachers, class monitors continued…

Explained: Babri MasjidlitigationPosted: December 10, 2014 3:34 am
YEARS ON, CASE BY CASE
Angry over the ‘politics’ around the Babri Masjid litigation, Hashim Ansari, 96, the oldest petitioner in a Babri case, wants out, and is waiting to speak to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Appeals regarding the site, filed in 1950 and expanded over the years as more parties claimed title to the property, rest before the Supreme Court, which is yet to hear the matter.
MANISH SAHU and UTKARSH ANAND give a status report.
How many cases are currently on in the trial court?
One each in Lucknow and Rae Bareli in connection with the demolition. Both cases were investigated by CBI. In Lucknow, the accused face charges of demolition; those in Rae Bareli are being tried for allegedly instigating the crowd through speeches. Conspiracy charges against L K Advani and some others were dropped in Lucknow on the grounds that the FIR related only to ‘kar sevaks’. However the leaders face all charges in Rae Bareli.
What cases are pending in the Supreme Court?
Two. The first pertains to dropping of conspiracy charges against Advani and others. The second is over a batch of appeals against the Allahabad High Court verdict in the title suit that directed division of 2.77 acres of land of the disputed Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid site into three parts — among Hindus, Muslims and the Nirmohi Akhara.
In which case is Ansari the petitioner?
In the title suit case. His plea was for removing the idols kept inside the mosque, and for restoration of adjoining land of the graveyard to Muslims.
How and when did he get involved?
In 1961, a suit was filed in the court of civil judge, Faizabad, on behalf of Muslims in the name of nine parties, with Sunni Board as No. 1 and Mohammad Hashim Ansari as No 9. In 1986, a writ petition was filed in the name of Ansari against an order passed by the district judge, Faizabad, that February, directing that the lock of the mosque be opened. The court ordered status quo.
Who are accused in the Lucknow and Rae Bareli cases?
After the demolition, two FIRs were lodged. FIR No. 197/92 was against kar sevaks who allegedly demolished the mosque; FIR No. 198/92 named Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi, Uma Bharati, Vinay Katiyar, Ashok Singhal, Giriraj Kishore, Vishnu Hari Dalmiya, Sadhvi Rithambara and others for “making provocative speeches” instigating them. Bal Thackeray’s name was removed after his death.
Why have the two sets of charges been clubbed together?
CBI says it is not possible to separate accused in one FIR from those in the other, since the offences transposed from the first case to the second. So, all those named in the first FIR should be tried for conspiracy as well.
How did the case reach the Supreme Court?
In May 2010, Allahabad High Court’s Lucknow bench upheld a trial court verdict dropping conspiracy charges against Advani and others. CBI appealed after nine months, and Advani and others have sought dismissal of the petition on continued…

The Newsroom is the worst prestige show on televisionJeff Daniels as Will McAvoy and Sam Waterston as Charlie Skinner in the Season 3 opener. episode 20 (season 3, episode 1): Jeff Daniels, Sam Waterston. photo: Melissa Moseley
This post discusses events of the most recent episode of “The Newsroom.”
“I don’t want to expand the definition of the news. I want to narrow it,” Charlie Skinner (Sam Waterston), the president of Atlantis Cable News says peevishly in the November 30 episode of “The Newsroom,” Aaron Sorkin’s drama about the cable news business which will end its run on HBO this coming weekend. Charlie is complaining about a potential buyer for the network, who wants ACN to crowd-source more stories and treat viewers more like potential colleagues who deserve to be listened to than like passive consumers who need to be taught.
But these two sentences are also a perfect expression of the broader worldview “The Newsroom” has tried to express for three years, now. Sorkin, who once seemed like an optimist about public life, is now producing the sourest, most staid series on television. “The Newsroom”s odd fetish for establishment power of all kinds might have found some of its nastiest expression in the most recent episode of the show, in which new media actually killed Charlie and producer Don Keefer (Thomas Sadoski) lectured a rape survivor at great length, this aversion has been part of “The Newsroom” from the very beginning. And it’s part of why Sorkin has given us possibly the worst prestige show on television.
I’ve spent some time in the past few days talking to viewers who have kept up with and enjoy watching (or at least hate-watching) “The Newsroom,” and I came away from those conversations convinced that we are watching essentially the same show. For “Newsroom” and Sorkin fans, the appeal of the show is in its dedication to old-fashioned standards of journalism, including avoiding soft stories and clickbait and being accountable when a story goes wrong (as with the Genoa plotline in the second season), as well as Sorkin’s dialogue and this particular cast’s ability to deliver it.
“I’m not talking about the apparatus,” senior producer Jim Harper (John Gallagher, Jr.) tells his girlfriend Hallie (Grace Gummer) during yet another fight about the job she takes with a start-up site called Carnivore after being fired from ACN. It’s an amazingly bald-faced lie, or at least evidence of Jim’s utter lack of self-awareness, since “The Newsroom” is obsessed with the idea that working for certain outlets or using certain tactics in reporting and politics are professionally and personally disqualifying.
Over the course of the show, Will has side-eyed his own company’s morning shows and insulted Nina Howard (Hope Davis) for the mortal sin of resisting his “mission to civilize.” “The Newsroom” saddled Neal Sampat (Dev Patel), who writes the blog for Will’s show and is adept at internet research, with a deep, sustained  and discrediting conviction that Bigfoot exists. When Hallie moves to Carnivore (a not-so-subtle stand-in for Gawker Media), Jim snarks at her for accepting a contract that includes traffic-based bonuses. In the world of “The Newsroom,” a new media outlet that hired an experienced reporter like Hallie suddenly insists on having her write nothing but personal essays, and under the influence of Carnivore editors, Hallie suddenly begins mining her private life with Jim for material. When a young mogul buys ACN, one of his first moves is to have doughy tech guy build a clone of Gawker’s old “Gawker Stalker” feature.
It’s one thing to critique new media–there’s nothing particularly noble about crowdsourcing teenagers’ stupid Tweets for clicks or Chris Hughes’ clumsy-seeming and tech-speak-heavy stewardship of the New Republic, which has a parallel in the purchase of ACN in recent episodes. But the huffy treatment “The Newsroom” extends to its competitors is the equivalent of a card sharp dealing from a stacked deck while whining loudly about the integrity of the other players at the table.
Sorkin and his characters never acknowledge that new media companies like BuzzFeed are funding exactly the kind of foreign reporting associate producer Maggie Jordan (a hugely misused Alison Pill) does in the show’s second season. Sorkin is so determined to re-litigate ancient media stories, like Jimmy Kimmel’s 2007 segment on Gawker Stalker  (a bit of media criticism conducted by a comedian, not a Very Serious Business Journalist) that “The Newsroom” appears both vindictive and wildly out-of-date. And heaven forfend “The Newsroom” acknowledge that personal essays by young women might function as a necessary corrective to mainstream media coverage of issues like contraception and sexual assault, that men might find something worthwhile in “Sex and the City,” or that cultural coverage might raise important issues from angles policy coverage cannot reach.
And while the persistent contempt the “The Newsroom” directs at women, the Internet, and in particular Women Who Internet has garnered the most attention, Sorkin’s series has plenty of distaste to spread around for anyone who violates his (and Will’s) sense of how things ought to be done and how serious people of integrity ought to behave.
In one storyline, Will condescended grandly to a representative of “Occupy Wall Street ” (Aya Cash) who, in addition to being a younger, attractive woman of the sort who so often seemed to be in need of his correction, is written to be a cliche-spouting, shallow radical dummy, rather than someone able to articulate the value of working outside the electoral system. I suppose that kind of take-down — a form Will himself was all too willing to condemn when practiced by Hope Davis’ gossip columnist — is entertaining if you really think there’s nothing to a movement like Occupy. But watching Will dismantle the weakest presentation of an argument has made me think less of his capabilities, not more.
And in other storylines, “The Newsroom” has featured two plots about whistleblowers or leakers, both of which ended in the same way: the source’s suicide.
In the first season, Charlie rejected a story from Solomon Hancock (Stephen Henderson) in part on the grounds that he has an imperfect personal life and had his security clearance downgraded, an event Solomon attributes to retaliation and Charlie sees as potential proof of incompetence. Solomon is disgusted when Charlie suggests he see a therapist: “I come to you with a story, the NSA is–and you want to send me to a doctor?” he demands to know. But when Solomon jumps off a bridge, he proves Charlie right in his assessment of Solomon’s mental state.
This year, an Edward Snowden-like leaker, Lilly Hart (Clea Duvall) reaches out to Neal with a trove of documents that provide a wide-ranging look at American intelligence operations. The plots that follow are less about the potential news value of the trove of information and more about the risks posed by it. Neal has to leave for Venezuela to avoid being extradited. The ACN team has to scramble madly to try to get an American asset who would be put in danger by their reporting to a safe place, while Lilly shows a bizarre level of disregard for the man’s family, given that she was initially motivated to leak by the deaths of 36 people in riots prompted by American intelligence operatives.
Before nobly going to jail, Will gives an eloquent courtroom speech about his disgust for whistleblowers and the damage they do, but still manages to maintain his status as the good guy by insisting that he can’t reveal his source’s name: He bolsters the government’s argument, except for the bits that let him martyr himself. And once he is in prison, Rebecca (Marcia Gay Harden), ACN’s attorney, protests that “you can’t lock up a man for 52 days without him knowing when or even if he’s ever getting out,” as if Guantanamo Bay had been tidily closed and its residents repatriated years ago. With that level of preciousness about how the world actually works, and the conviction that Will’s relatively gentle prison stay is the biggest sacrifice anyone could make, it’s no wonder “The Newsroom” plays down the potential significance of Lilly’s leak.
But wait! It gets worse! Ultimately, Lilly commits suicide in a flashier manner than Solomon before her, shooting herself outside of the Department of Justice. In telling this story not once but twice, “The Newsroom” seems to be reinforcing the idea that to abandon respectable means of dissent and to question governmental claims that secrecy is necessary are evidence of mental illness. That’s an awfully ugly idea, worse than the show’s fairly predictable get-off-my-lawn disdain for new media.
But the confidence “The Newsroom” has in Will McAvoy to determine what is news and what is not, what is worthy and what is trash, does have consequences. There is plenty to object to in the show’s depiction of a debate between Don and Mary (Sarah Sutherland) about the website she started to out her alleged rapists after both campus and city police refused to act — including, as Emily Nussbaum noted in a great piece about the episode , the obsessive concern “The Newsroom” shows for the risk vengeful women pose to the reputations of powerful men.
The thing that made me truly crazy about the plotline, though, was not that Don defended the idea that accused rapists should be presumed innocent until proven guilty, or that he was uncomfortable with the idea of trying to stage a debate over a specific allegation on air. It was that Don had tracked down a woman who was emotional but articulate in her defense of a position that differed from his (that it’s fair to out rapists when the courts fail to act), and who was prepared to accept personal exposure to make her case on national television, and then lied to his bosses to keep her off the air, saying he hadn’t been able to find Mary. When Rolling Stone gets sketchy about whether they were able to contact an alleged rapist, we rightly recognize that as malpractice. When Don tells an outright untruth to keep a young woman from speaking publicly, his colleagues treat him like he’s standing up for important principles.
Don was doing what Charlie said he wanted to do: narrowing the definition of news. And “The Newsroom” is utterly incapable of acknowledging that while there are problems with broadening news to include celebrity reporting or cultural kerfuffles, there are also serious consequences to shrinking your range of coverage and your sense of who is fit to be part of it.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

To Retain Female Talent In The U.S. Workplace  Create A Purpose-Driven Organizationreddit
Organizations around the country are hemorrhaging talent because women are leaving the American workforce to start their own businesses. Looking at the statistics, it's easy to understand why.
Here are the hard facts: 21% of C-suite executives are women . This is a drastic improvement since the 1950's, but still not very inspiring. Less inspiring still is the fact that women are currently paid, on average, only three-quarters of what their male colleagues make .
What doesn't add up is that according to the Research from the Russell Sage Foundation, young women today are just as likely to hold bachelor degrees as men, and 50% more likely to hold graduate degrees than men. Also, 40% of women are the breadwinners in their family. While female educational and financial responsibilities quickly increase, moving into executive positions and earning salaries equal to their male contemporaries slowly lags behind.
This is not a new trend. In 2003, The Center for Women's Business Research estimated that, as of 2002, the number of women owned businesses was 6.2 million. These same women-owned businesses employed 9.2 million workers and generated $1.15 trillion in annual revenue. Right now, we have 8.2 million women-owned businesses , and that number is growing 50% faster than new business growth overall. Women now control almost $6 trillion in assets . That's a lot of purchasing and investment power.
As women leave the corporate world to follow their entrepreneurial pursuits, they don't just take their talent with them. They also take their positive impact on organizations as a whole. Catalyst took a good look at Fortune 500 companies with women on their board of directors and found that these companies had a higher return on equity by at least 53%, they were superior in sales by at least 42%, and had a higher ROI, to the tune of 66%. Those are not small numbers.
Research reported by The Guardian shows that the top three career motivators for women are:  1) challenging, passion-driven work 2) making a difference, and 3) recognition.  With that in mind, how does a corporation attract and retain female talent? A decade of discussing the pay gap and rampant gender bias just isn't working. We need to change the conversation.
It's time to start conversations about creating purpose driven organizations as a way to retain female talent. Aaron Hurst, author of The Purpose Economy and founder of Imperative, explains that finding purpose at work is to find meaning in what you do by prioritizing relationships, impact and personal growth.
He explains the purpose economy as, "... an economy where value lies in establishing purpose for employees and customers--through serving needs greater than their own, enabling personal growth and building community."
While creating a purpose-driven organization may sound idyllic, it is actually very attainable. But how do you do it?
Hurst invited forty-nine thought leaders and myself to a Purpose at Work Summit to share best practices for creating purpose driven organizations. Here are some of the ideas that came from the group:
Create a "purpose review" in addition to a performance review, to help the organization know if the employee still feels purposeful at work.
Find ways to increase organizational trust and transparency, where mistakes are applauded and difficult conversations are rewarded.
Attract, hire and retain prospective employees and freelancers by emphasizing the importance of their growth, impact and peer relationships.
Redefine the organizational chart and office space, so it reflects purpose driven conversations, instead of just departmental conversations.
To be sure, this isn't the only solution to a complex situation. The gender pay gaps and glass ceilings that women face in the workplace are serious and will take a broad effort to rectify. Yet it's clear that focusing on gender alone isn't working, and hasn't been working for over a decade.
Let's start a new conversation about women in the workplace, one focusing on both gender and purpose.
Follow Anne Loehr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/anneloehr
More:

NATO intercepts Russian nuclear-capable bomb...Baltic Sea
(NATO Alliance chief Jens Stoltenberg said…)
BRUSSELS: NATO warplanes intercepted a "significant" force of six Russian nuclear-capable bombers over the Baltic Sea , the alliance said in the latest such encounter amid tensions with Moscow over Ukraine.
Four Tu-95 Bear strategic bombers and two Tu-22M Backfire long-range bombers were intercepted in international airspace by Portuguese F-16 fighter jets assigned to NATO, spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said.
Lungescu said that while most intercepts carried out over the Baltic are "routine," the intercept of the six bombers "represented a significant level of activity by Russia."
In two other incidents later on Sunday, NATO warplanes intercepted a total of seven Russian military aircraft, including Tu-134s used for training and moving passengers as well as An-72 transport aircraft, Lungescu said.
"Such activity can be destabilising and potentially dangerous, if international norms are not respected," Lungescu warned.
She was referring to times when Russian warplanes do not communicate their positions or provide flight plans, putting at risk commercial airliners flying in the vicinity.
NATO has reported a surge in such intercepts since the crisis in Ukraine erupted earlier this year, at levels not seen since the Cold War between the Soviet Union and the West.
Alliance chief Jens Stoltenberg said there have been around 400 intercepts of Russian military flights near its member countries this year, 50 percent more than last year.
The US-led military alliance has deployed more aircraft as well as more ships and personnel in a bid to reassure newer members like the Baltic states and Poland, which were once ruled from Moscow and are unnerved by Russia's intervention in Ukraine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Names Red Knot Bird a Threatened SpeciesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

US steel lobby criticises WTO ruling favouri...US steel industry criticises WTO ruling favouring India
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 02.07AM IST
("The WTO decision today…)
WASHINGTON: The American steel industry today criticised a WTO ruling against the US imposing high duty on imports of certain Indian steel products, an order India hailed as a "significant victory" that will help its domestic manufacturers and exporters.
"The WTO decision today significantly weakens the effectiveness of US trade laws," said Thomas J Gibson, CEO and president of American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI).
AISI said the WTO Appellate Body ruled against the US government appeal of a challenge by India earlier this year regarding the International Trade Commission (ITC)'s practice of "cross-cumulating."
Under this process, as mandated by US statute, the impact of dumped and subsidised imports are both taken into consideration when assessing injury in ITC determinations, it said.
"US law expressly requires the ITC to cumulate dumped and subsidised imports when they are under simultaneous investigations," Gibson said.
"The WTO Appellate Body has once again created an obligation not agreed to by our trade negotiators, and this ruling will make it very difficult for domestic industries to obtain an effective remedy when facing both dumped and subsidised imports at the same time," he said.
Noting that steel imports captured 30 per cent of the market share last month, Gibson said the ruling "is very detrimental to steel businesses and workers who continue to battle a flood of dumped and subsidised imports coming into this country unfairly -- and at record levels."
AISI said the WTO panel's ruling focused on specific countervailing duty measures imposed on imports of certain hot-rolled carbon steel flat products from India, saying they were inconsistent with the WTO Subsidies and Countervailing Measures agreement.
However, the decision will likely have consequences for a number of other trade cases as well.
The Appellate Body decision also made a number of other rulings affecting Commerce Department practice, and AISI is currently evaluating the significance of those rulings, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Israeli researchers find flaw in Alibaba siteYou are here: Home > Collections > Flaw
Israeli researchers find flaw in Alibaba site
AP Dec 10, 2014, 01.56AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(AppSec Labs says a pair…)
JERUSALEM: Israeli security researchers say that personal information of millions of Alibaba users may have been exposed through flaws on the e-commerce giant's platform.
AppSec Labs says a pair of weaknesses it discovered in the Chinese e-commerce site's code could have allowed hackers to hijack merchant accounts.
"If I want to buy a $600 phone, I can change the price to a dollar and buy it,' said AppSec founder Erez Metula . "I can see what people have bought, I can change the shipping address so things can be sent to me instead."
Metula said one of the flaws was discovered by a 21-year-old employee.
He says there is no indication that any user data was compromised.
Alibaba spokeswoman Molly Morgan said Tuesday that ``potential vulnerabilities'' flagged by AppSec had been fixed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  Uber faces heat in Spain as court bans ...You are here: Home > Collections > Spain
Now, Uber faces heat in Spain as court bans taxi service
AP Dec 10, 2014, 02.47AM IST
Tags:
Frankfurt
(The Spanish court also ordered…)
MADRID: A judge on Tuesday banned the popular smartphone taxi service Uber from operating in Spain, court officials said, following similar prohibition action in several other countries.
Drivers hired for rides using their privately-owned cars via the UberPop application "lack the administrative authorisation to carry out the job, and the activity they perform constitutes unfair competition," the court ruled.
The Spanish court also ordered telecom companies and payment service providers to block Uber, which both reserves taxis and processes payments via smartphone applications.
The ruling was a "precautionary measure" adopted while the court examines a case brought by the Madrid Taxi Association. Similar legal challenges from traditional taxi services have proliferated elsewhere, as the cheaper Uber option has lured passengers away.
In a communique responding to the judgement, Uber said it "will continue to respect Spanish law," but vowed to examine all its options to deal with ruling it described as "sudden and unusual".
Founded in 2009 in California, Uber has become a popular transportation alternative to traditional taxis. Uber charges a commission for each ride, but fees charged by the service's drivers are generally significantly lower than normal taxis.
Riders are also able to rate service provided by individual drivers -- who in turn rate the behaviour of their customers. Individuals on either side of the transaction whose ranking fall below a certain level are banned from the scheme.
Uber last week announced its valuation at $40 billion (32 billion euros), twice its worth six months ago. It is now operating service in more than 200 cities across 45 countries.
But legal clashes and controversy have begun clouding Uber's horizon. Dutch judges on Monday banned UberPOP service from taking bookings in the Netherlands , and threatened the company with fines of up to 100,000 euros ($123,000) in case of infringement, saying unlicensed drivers were breaking the law.
In contrast to its initial response to the Spanish ruling Tuesday, a defiant Uber reacted to the Dutch decision Monday with a statement saying it "will continue to offer UberPOP."
Monday's decision "is simply the first step in a long-running judicial battle," the San Francisco-based company added.
A court in Paris is to decide on Friday whether Uber's services constitute unfair competition to traditional taxi drivers.
Authorities in Denmark and Norway have also filed complaints against Uber.
In Germany, a court in Frankfurt threw out an injunction against Uber in September. Uber was able to resume operating legally in Germany pending a final ruling on a complaint by the taxi federation.
The city government in New Delhi on Monday banned Uber from operating in the Indian capital after a passenger accused one of its drivers of rape.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Stocks End Mostly Lower; European Markets SinkIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

7 ways the U.S. military appears in the CIA interrogation reportBy Dan Lamothe December 9 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. military police guard Taliban and al-Qaeda detainees on Jan. 11, 2002, in a holding area at Naval Base Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (Photo by Petty Officer 1st class Shane T. McCoy/U.S. Navy/via Getty Images)
The long-anticipated report on the CIA’s secret interrogation and prison system was released by the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday, leveling new allegations of brutality and dishonesty against members of the agency and questioning its effectiveness. It could have widespread implications for the United States abroad, and has prompted the Pentagon to put military units across the world on a heightened alert status .
The 528-page executive summary released to the public draws distinctions between how the U.S. military and the CIA handled its detainees. In fact, it says that that while the CIA first favored holding detainees abroad in U.S. military bases in fall 2001. But the agency decided against doing so in March 2002 in order to avoid declaring to the International Committee of the Red Cross that it had captured Abu Zabaida, who is accused by the U.S. of being involved in a major al-Qaeda facilitator.
The U.S. military ties into the interrogation report in others ways, too. Here are six other examples:
2. ‘Coercive interrogation techniques’ were adopted from Air Force training
A number of the techniques that the CIA sought approval from the Justice Department to use were adapted from U.S. Air Force Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape school, which is designed, in part, to prepare U.S. troops “for the conditions and treatment to which they might be subjected if taken prisoner by countries that do not adhere to the Geneva Conventions,” the report says.
More broadly, SERE school is designed to teach military personnel how to survive on their own in any environment, whether it is because they have been abandoned, are lost or have crashed in a plane that leaves them stranded. It is carried out in several places, including Fort Benning, Ga., and Fairchild Air Force Base, Wash.
3. Detaining alleged terrorists at Guantanamo Bay was suggested by CIA officials early on
In November 2001, senior CIA officials sent an internal memo pushing for detainees to be kept at a U.S. military base outside the United States. It urged Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet to push the Defense Department at the highest levels “to have the US Military agree to host a long-term facility, and have them identify an agreeable location.” Guantanamo was recommended, and the detention center there was established in January 2002.
The report says that five detainees were kept at Guantanamo Bay beginning in September 2003 at a CIA facility that was separate from the military detention center. By April 2004, however, they all had been moved to CIA prisons in other countries.
4. The Pentagon declined to get involved in aspects of the CIA program
The CIA Detention and Interrogation Program was “inherently unsustainable,” and started to collapse as news of it leaked in the press. In 2005 and 2006, the Defense Department repeatedly declined to get involved, even when asked for assistance by the CIA, the report says.
“Lack of access to adequate medical care for detainees in countries hosting the CIA’s detention facilities caused recurring problems,” the report said. “The refusal of one host country to admit a severely ill detainee into a local hospital due to security concerns contributed to the closing of the CIA’s detention facility in that country. The U.S. Department of Defense also declined to provide medical care to detainees upon CIA request.”
5. A military legal officer who saw a ‘black site’ raised concerns about it
In October 2002, a U.S. military legal adviser visited “detention site Cobalt,” which The Washington Post has determined to be one of the CIA’s “black sites” in Afghanistan. According to the report, he found that the detainee Ridha Ahmad Najar was wearing a diaper, kept in isolation in total darkness and left hanging from an overhead bar to which he was handcuffed.
After seeing the site, the military officer raised concerns, saying Najar’s interrogation “would involve risks for the U.S. military,” the report says. The CIA official in charge of the site had little experience, the officer noted.
6. CIA contractors drew on military experience to develop interrogation plan
Two former psychologists at the Air Force SERE school, Grayson Swigert and Hammond Dunbar, pseudonyms for James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen, are cited for their roles in developing the CIA plan. They had no previous experience as interrogators, but used their experience to consult on psychological aspects of the CIA program while working as contractors, the report says.
The two men had no direct experience with waterboarding because it is not used in SERE school. Nevertheless, they recommended it as an “absolutely convincing technique” to use on Abu Zubaida, the report said. They did so while noting that the Navy used it in training, and had not reported any long-term consequences on individuals who underwent it. The Navy uses it only in a single training exercise, rather than in multiple sessions, the report adds.
7. Defense Department grew tired of ‘ghost detainees’
The CIA and Pentagon were at odds over how to treat detainees, the report said. In September 2004, then-Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz indicated he would not support the CIA’s position that notifying the Red Cross committee of all detainees in U.S. custody would hurt national security, it added.
The Defense Department “did not believe an adequate articulation of military necessity or national security reasons warranting nondisclosure existed, was “tired of ‘taking hits’ for CIA ‘ghost detainees,” and believed the U.S. government “should not be in the position of causing people to ‘disappear,’” according to an internal CIA e-mail cited in the report.
Related:
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, in Baghdad for meetings, says commanders are on high alert, but he is satisfied that the CIA report released by the Senate is sufficiently redacted to “protect our people.” (AP)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

US posts across the world put on high alertUS posts across the world put on high alert
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 02.54AM IST
Tags:
department of homeland security
(The FBI and Department of…)
WASHINGTON: American posts -- both diplomatic and military -- across the globe have been put on high alert following the release of a US Senate committee report on its post 9/11 detention and interrogation program, officials said.
Released by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, the report said "enhanced interrogation" programs in many cases amounted to torture.
Following the release of the report, US has been in constant communication with several countries, which officials did not identify, to ensure the safety of US assets globally.
"All diplomatic missions abroad were directed to perform reviews of their security posture and to discuss potential threats in connection with the release of the report," a senior administration official said.
The Pentagon in concert with individual combatant commanders has issued a force protection guidance, and they are at the discretion of military commanders, adjusting their alert postures to best support diplomatic missions in their individual areas of responsibility, the official said on condition of anonymity.
Domestically too, federal law enforcement officials have engaged with their state and local counterparts, and working through joint terrorism task forces to coordinate community outreach as well and to take steps to be attentive to any reactions from homegrown extremists, the official said.
Ahead of the release of the report, the White House has led an interagency effort over the past over five months to mitigate and prepare for potential threats that might be generated by reactions to the release of the report.
"We undertook an effort, working through the intelligence community, working through our State Department colleagues, to identify those locations that might be most at risk and to address our protections and threat posture and security posture accordingly," the official said.
According to another senior administration official, the US prepared its embassies and foreign partners for the release of this report, to ensure that they have mitigated risks to the security of embassies and American citizens abroad and to explain to the foreign partners why the US decided to make the report public.
Last week, Secretary of State John Kerry reviewed global security posture "in every single post around the world."
"We will pay close attention to any possible security threats resulting from the release of this report and take prudent steps to address any threats should they arise," the official said.
"We will also advise American communities abroad about changes in the security environment and any recommended precautions. This outreach to private American citizens is something we take very seriously," the official said.
The FBI and Department of Homeland Security released a joint intelligence bulletin noting that the report could be exploited by violent groups at home and overseas.
"So we will be watching social media especially to see how terrorist groups might use this release for propaganda purposes or to threaten our people or Americans in general," the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom Commission fixes spectrum base priceTelecom Commission fixes spectrum base price
4 Infy co-founders sell $1b shares  Investors lose $ 2b4 Infy co-founders sell $1b shares  Investors lose $ 2b
Theft to 3rd rape  cabbie had 8 FIRs  Uber ignored warning frompassengerWritten by Shalini Narayan | Mainpuri |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:47 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 11:50 am
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver accused of raping a woman executive on Friday night, was arrested in another rape case in his home district of Mainpuri in April 2013, and was currently out on bail. In fact, he has been named in at least eight different cases at two police stations here, including molestation, theft, chain snatching and two cases under the Uttar Pradesh Goonda Act — all of which are pending trial.
READ:  10 days before rape, a red flag: ‘He stared, smiled creepily’
As reported by The Indian Express today, Yadav was also named in a rape case in Delhi on December 13, 2011. He was arrested and spent seven months in jail, but was acquitted about a year later, reportedly due to lack of evidence.
Confirming the cases against Yadav, Mainpuri SP Srikanth Singh said, “Yadav was arrested for raping a woman from the neighbouring village of Nanglatar in April 2013. He had raped her and robbed her of her belongings, including her jewellery. We registered a case under Sections 376 and 394 of the IPC. A chargesheet was filed and the case is now pending trial.”
OPINION:  Beyond Uber outrage
Of the 13 police stations in Mainpuri, two police stations — in Ellau and Kisni — located near Yadav’s home in Ramnagar have registered eight criminal cases against him. Police described him as a “notorious criminal”.
At the Ellau police station, there are six cases against Yadav — a rape case, a molestation , two cases under the Uttar Pradesh Goonda Act, a house break-in and a gambling case.
According to police records accessed by The Indian Express, the case of the attempted theft after a break-in, registered under Sections 457, 380, 511 of the IPC was reported in 2001. Yadav allegedly scaled the wall of a house in his village, but was caught and beaten up by the villagers who handed him over to the police.
The molestation case dates back to 2003. Besides molesting the woman, Yadav is alleged to have beaten her up also. A case was registered under Section 354 of the IPC.
Uber General Manager.
At the Kisni police station, about four kilometres from Ellau, a case was registered against Yadav under the Arms Act in 2006. The same year, a chain snatching case, under Section 356 IPC, was also filed against him.
“He was a goonda and never showed any signs of remorse. Each time he was arrested and brought to the police station, he would create a ruckus… he would say he had made a mistake. He was very difficult to handle… When he left the police station, he would say he would return soon. He was never afraid of the law,” said an official at Ellau police station.
“Most of his targets were women. He would identify his victim and chase her,” said another official.
Yadav’s school friend, Manoj, also a driver, claimed that Yadav had molested a girl from the village when he only 16 years old. “He was with two other people and didn’t hesitate even once while holding her hand forcefully… The elders in the village spoke to his parents and asked them to counsel him. The girl’s family and Yadav’s family reached a compromise and the matter was settled,” he alleged.
Police said Yadav attended all his trial dates and has not defaulted on any so far.

Areeb talks: His suicide car bomb bid to setting upWiFiWritten by Sagnik Chowdhury | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:47 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 11:50 am
The civil engineering student from Thane who joined the Islamic State in Iraq before returning home two weeks ago has drawn a detailed picture for interrogators of his life as a jihadi fighter, including valuable information on the group’s tactics and strongholds, and how he was recommended for recruitment by a feared red-bearded commander popularly known as ‘Omar the Chechen’.
READ:  Before ISIS, the 4 from Kalyan: reserved, sportsman, extrovert, studious 
Areeb Majeed, who is currently being detained by security officials at a secret location in Mumbai, has also claimed that there was a fifth youth who wanted to join the original group of four that left Thane for Iraq but dropped out virtually at the last minute.
Among the other interesting nuggets that Majeed gave the interrogators was that he was briefly engaged in a project to make Raqqa, the main base of IS in Syria, a free WiFi city and that he was paid US$50 per month by the group, in addition to free food and lodging.
READ:  Lawyer who represents 2006 Mumbai train blasts accused to defend Kalyan youth Areeb in court 
Abu Umar al Shishani, the dreaded Chechen commander on whose recommendation Majeed claimed he was recruited, is also believed to have played a key role in getting UK nationals to join Islamic State. However, there have been reports this month of Shishani’s death following a post on Instagram on December 4 by Ramzan Kadyrov, head of Russia’s Chechen Republic, that claimed the militant’s killing without providing any details.
READ:  US intelligence agencies likely to question ISIS return Areeb Majeed
As for the fifth youth who dropped out, sources said that investigators would record his statement to be used as evidence against Majeed.
Sources added that Majeed has given investigators a blow-by-blow account of his journey to Iraq, his recruitment to IS, and the operations he participated in.
Apart from attempting a suicide bombing in a car, taking part in the fight to capture Mosul Dam and the WiFi project, Majeed has claimed that he was engaged in constructing an underground shelter against air strikes in Raqqa, sources revealed.
Recounting his journey from Thane and the events that unfolded in the days that followed, Majeed told interrogators that he and the other three – Amaan Tandel, Fahad Shaikh and Saheem Tanki – boarded an Etihad Airways flight on May 24 for Abu Dhabi and travelled onward to Baghdad.
Having secured a Ziyarat (pilgrimage) visa, they spent six days in Iraq visiting holy shrines. Majeed then contacted a local liaison Abu Fatima whom he was introduced to on Facebook by Fahad. On May 29, he was instructed by Abu Fatima to reach Mosul, where he met a person identified only as Ali who took them to his house, contacted continued…

13 ways how CIA used to interogate detaineesYou are here: Home > Collections
CIA reports: List of the 13 interrogation methods used on detainees
AP Dec 10, 2014, 03.19AM IST
( Here are the methods,…)
Thirteen ``enhanced interrogation techniques'' _ interrogation methods _ are at the center of the Senate Intelligence committee report about the CIA's use of harsh interrogation tactics after the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks. Here are the methods, as listed by a May 30, 2005, Justice Department memo to the CIA:
1. Abdominal Slap : The purpose was to cause the detainee to feel fear and despair, to punish certain behavior and humiliate or insult the detainee, according to a description in government documents, obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union in 2009. The interrogator stands about a foot from the detainee's stomach, and slaps the detainee with the back of his hand. The interrogator's hand is held with the fingers together and straight and slaps the detainee's abdomen. The CIA was using this technique prior to 2004 without approval by the Justice Department.
2. Attention Grasp: The interrogator grabs the detainee by the collar, with two hands, and pulls him closer in, according to a description of the technique by former CIA acting general counsel John Rizzo. Rizzo described this technique being used on al-Qaida operative Abu Zubaydah in his recent book, ``Company Man.''
3. Cramped Confinement: The interrogator would put the detainee in a box, sometimes big enough to stand in, for up to 18 hours, or one only big enough to curl up in for up to two hours, Rizzo said in his book. The interrogator had the option to put a ``harmless'' insect inside the small box when the technique was used on Zubaydah, because he hated bugs, Rizzo said.
4. Dietary Manipulation: This technique involved switching from solid foods to liquid. For instance, in August of 2002, Zubaydah was put on a liquid diet that consisted of Ensure and water, the Senate report said.
5. The Facial Hold: The interrogator holds the detainee's head so it can't move and puts one hand on each side of the detainee's face, keeping fingertips away from the detainee's eyes, Rizzo explained in his book.
6. The Facial Slap/Insult Slap: The interrogator slaps the detainee in the face, with fingers spread, striking between the chin and earlobe, Rizzo explained in his book. The idea, Rizzo said, was to startle or humiliate the detainee, Zubaydah, and ``disabuse him of the notion that he wouldn't be physically hit.''
7. Nudity: This technique was used with others. For instance, a detainee would be forced to stand for prolonged periods while nude.
8. Stress Positions: The purpose of these techniques are to stimulate mild discomfort from extended muscle use, according to a description in a government document obtained by the ACLU. Two such positions, used on Zubaydah, were to have him sit on the floor with his legs stretched out in front of him and his arms above his head, or kneeling on the floor while leaning back at a 45-degree angle, Rizzo said in his book.
9. Sleep Deprivation: Detainees were kept awake for up to 180 hours, often standing or in a stress position, the Senate report said. Sometimes, the detainees' hands would be shackled above their heads. At least five detainees had ``disturbing hallucinations'' during this technique, and in two of those cases, the CIA continued the practice. One detainee, Arsala Khan, hallucinated after 56 hours of standing sleep deprivation in October 2003. After this, the CIA came to the conclusion that he ``''does not appear to be the subject involved in... current plans or activities against U.S. personnel or facilities.'' After about a month of detention and interrogation, the CIA recommended he be released to his village, but interrogators instead transferred him to the U.S. military, where he remained in custody for four years.
10. Wall Standing: A detainee faces a wall, standing about four feet away. The interrogator has the detainee reach out his arms toward the wall so that his fingers are touching it. The detainee would have to hold that position indefinitely, according to a description by Rizzo about this technique used on Zubaydah.
11. Walling: Interrogators slam detainees against a wall. In one instance, Zubaydah was slammed against a concrete wall, the Senate report said. On March 22, 2003, al-Qaida leader Khalid Sheikh Mohammed underwent ``intense'' questioning and walling. Giving up no new information, interrogators water-boarded him. After an hour of that, he said he was ``ready to talk,'' the CIA said.

10 days before rape  a red flag: He stared  smiledcreepilyBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 4:21 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 10:13 am
Ten days before Shiv Kumar Yadav allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman executive in his cab in Delhi, Uber had been warned about him.
A US-based Indian posted on Twitter Tuesday that she had complained to the taxi service provider about Yadav during a trip in Delhi on November 26. Nidhi Shah also said that she found Yadav staring at her and smiling “a little creepily”, which made her feel “quite uncomfortable.”
Screen shot of Nidhi Shah’s receipt that she tweeted.
Shah posted what she said was the company’s response reassuring her that their “driver operations team” would “check in on Shiv about it”. The Delhi Police have contacted her and requested her to file an official complaint.
In their reply to Shah, a member of the Uber Support team wrote, “Sorry about what happened here! That’s definitely not what I’d expect out of an Uber trip. Your driver should always be courteous and professional, making sure to deliver the 5-star Uber experience in every trip. I’ve passed along your feedback to our driver operations team, so that they can check in on Shiv about it.”
A trip receipt posted by Shah named Yadav as the driver of the cab she took from Chandni Chowk at 1.17 pm to reach Palam, Dabri Marg at 2.45 pm. The receipt also had Yadav’s photo on it.
Speaking to NDTV from the US, Shah said, “The driver said before I got in that the GPS wasn’t working and I have to find him by walking through Chandni Chowk. Me and my partner got in but he kept staring through the mirror and I felt uncomfortable. I think he was smiling a little creepily also. Eventually, when he dropped us off, I thought I should report this to Uber. I had a bad feeling about him.”
She added, “Now I am blaming myself for what has happened. I feel like why didn’t I do something else about it?”

Prosecutions for CIA torture still seem unlikely after Senate reportProsecutions for CIA torture still seem unlikely after Senate report
Govt cannot go wrong. Blame it all on pvt cosGovt cannot go wrong. Blame it all on pvt cos
Fed proposing big US banks boost capital buffersFed proposing big US banks boost capital buffers
Lord Hill might shelve bank reform planEU’s Hill considers shelving bank structural reforms
Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fe30148-7bd1-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wang seeks starring role in HollywoodWang Jianlin seeks starring role in Hollywood
Charles Clover
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48d06964-7c7f-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Morgan Stanley to pay out bonuses fasterMorgan Stanley to pay out bonuses faster
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/888d989c-7cc5-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank pay is everyones businessHow bankers are paid is now everyone’s business
To reform their culture banks must also become smaller and simpler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d72a5a8-6e52-11e4-bffb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dalian Wanda targets $3.9bn HK listingDalian Wanda targets $3.9bn Hong Kong listing
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11f7f8a8-7dbf-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dalian Wanda: big fish© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1a8bcb2c-7ebc-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moodys urges slower bank bonus payoutsMoody’s urges slower bank bonus payouts
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7385ea0e-7efe-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emotional Warner runs India raggedMore
Warner sparkles on a emotional day in Adelaide
1st Test, Day 1: David Warner compiled a glorious ton as Australia returned to action two weeks after Phil Hughes's death.
By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 9 Dec, 2014 1:49 PM IST
0
Holding back tears after the hundred.
David Warner scattered whatever nerves or doubts there may have been ahead of Australia's resumption of the international season following Phillip Hughes ' death with a blazing start to the first Test. Warner hit seven of his first 15 deliveries for four on the way to his fifth century in seven Tests in 2014 after Michael Clarke chose to bat on an easy-paced Adelaide Oval pitch. Clarke motored to 60 before he retired hurt, and Steven Smith breezed to an unbeaten 72. India regained some ground with the second new ball producing three late strikes.
The day belonged to Warner, as he shredded India's attack for 145 off 163 deliveries before mis-hitting the debutant legspinner Karn Sharma to deep midwicket. India's new-ball pair of Mohammed Shami and Varun Aaron were taken for 178 in 34.2 overs, and the visitors would have suffered more had it not been for Ishant Sharma 's discipline.
Far more worrying for Australia than India's attack was what seemed to be a relapse of Clarke's chronic back problem. Clarke's partnership with Warner had grown to 118 when he grimaced as soon as he avoided a short ball in the 44th over, and had to leave the field after some doing stretching and talking to the team physio. Barring the odd play-and-miss and some edged boundaries, Clarke had batted with assurance.
India stuck to their strategy of bowling round the wicket to Warner throughout the first session, even though it had proved expensive enough already. They may have probably wanted to deny Warner width, but still ended up providing plenty of room, particularly at the start, and the opener punished them. He was especially severe on Aaron who went for three fours in his opening over, driven first ball through extra cover and flayed backward of point twice. Shami got the same treatment in his second over.
Apart from a probing first over from Shami to Rogers, India's fast bowlers could not find much swing or seam and the ball came on nicely for Warner to hit on the up freely. The first bouncer the Indians tried was in the fourth over when Aaron made Warner crouch. The batsman's response was to play an upper cut the next ball, another bouncer, for four.
Warner was already on 37 off 20 when Ishant came on and bowled a maiden to the opener. In his next over, he slanted one across to have Chris Rogers nicking a drive to second slip for 9. Shane Watson eased himself to a start in his first Test since March, before chasing a wide one from Aaron on 14 and slashing to second slip, where Shikhar Dhawan made no mistake again.
Warner pulled Aaron for successive fours to reach his fifty off 45 balls and moved to 100 off 105, Virat Kohli allowing an easy single with mid-off pushed to the deep. Warner looked up to the skies with emotion each time, something he also did on reaching 63, the score Hughes was batting on when he was felled by a bouncer.
Clarke was welcomed by a sharp bouncer from Aaron, as Watson had been by Ishant. Even as Clarke gradually settled down, Warner kept drilling the fast bowlers through the off side.
Shami began from over the wicket to Warner after lunch but wasn't disciplined for long enough and leaked runs to Clarke. He did start the session with three successive dot balls to Warner, who pushed the fourth in the air, but Kohli had placed point too deep for it to be a chance.
Karn made little impact with his largely flattish trajectory and up-and-down lengths and Warner slog-swept and reverse-swept him for boundaries. Apart from Warner's ever-increasing score, India's over-rate was also a concern for Kohli in his first Test as captain as they managed 50 in the first two sessions.
Warner's failed attempt to clear the field soon after tea took care of Kohli's first worry, and M Vijay's introduction lifted the over-rate. It also allowed a cautious Mitchell Marsh to bat himself in against harmless part-time offspin as Kohli used his slow bowlers for 13 successive overs.
Smith was in superb touch, using his feet regularly to spin and driving and clipping the fast bowlers elegantly. Marsh developed enough confidence to step out and drive Karn against the turn through midwicket.
Vijay was used for as many as 12 overs as India waited for the second new ball. Ishant Sharma deservingly took it as soon as it was available, but offered Smith a couple of freebies on the pads, the second of which took the batsman to 63, bringing another emotional acknowledgment.
With Australia having reached 345 for 3, India appeared to be wasting the second new ball too when out of nowhere, Aaron got one to kick from a tight line and a surprised Marsh edged to gully on 41. Shami too found some control to go with his pace. The nightwatchman Nathan Lyon could not make it to stumps, and neither could Brad Haddin , edging Shami behind off what turned out to be the last ball of the day.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Low oil prices bolster Indian car sectorLow oil prices bolster India’s sputtering auto sector
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17dbb740-7f6e-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB loan auction set to disappointEuropean Central Bank loan auction set to miss target
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9540d8e0-7ef2-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australia targets UK-style Google tax© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d423164-7f54-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK plans to raise 1bn with Google tax© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/127010ea-7af9-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK Google tax targets multinationals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/615e6414-7aee-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tougher rules for Swiss banks urgedSwiss review urges tougher leverage ratio requirements for banks
James Shotter in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b404b820-7c6b-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian car sales still stuck in slow laneIndian car sales still stuck in slow lane
Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e32016be-633d-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A New  Too Big to Fail  Bank for the 1 Percentreddit
Remember back in 2008, when collapsing banks nearly tanked our whole economy and people had the quaint notion that maybe we shouldn't let banks become "too big to fail"? Would you be shocked to learn that regulators may well approve creation of a new "too big to fail" bank from the ashes of one of the very institutions that crashed our economy?
Meet OneWest Bank, which is seeking to merge with CIT Group, a deal that would meet federal criteria for what's politely termed a "systemically important financial institution" -- one whose failure could imperil the financial system. OneWest is the successor to IndyMac Bank , one of the first and biggest to collapse as the financial crisis was hitting high gear in the summer of 2008.
IndyMac was a textbook case of reckless, exploitive lending often aimed at communities of color. A report from the Treasury Department's inspector general found that IndyMac offered an "extensive array of risky option-adjustable-rate-mortgages (option ARMs), subprime loans, 80/20 loans, and other nontraditional products."
IndyMac's collapse cost the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation $10.7 billion. OneWest was born from the ruins when a group of wealthy investors bought the remnants of IndyMac from the FDIC.
Not only will the OneWest/CIT merger create another bank that's worryingly large, that bank will be run by people who seem to have learned nothing from IndyMac's collapse.
Advocates, including my colleagues on The Greenlining Institute's Economic Equity team, have tried to open a dialogue with OneWest officials. We hoped that the new institution would chart a different course, working to benefit communities instead of ignoring or exploiting them. You'd think a bank growing from the ashes of one of the institutions that sparked the foreclosure crisis that ruined millions of families would make some effort to at least look like it's moving in a new direction.
Nope.
For example, we asked OneWest to make meaningful commitments under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), which encourages banks to invest in underserved communities. The bank revealed a so-called CRA plan in September at a meeting in Los Angeles. The plan, concocted with no community input, commits the new bank to precisely zero additional lending. OneWest CEO Joseph Otting made clear that he has no intention of negotiating a better agreement with the advocates who were leading the effort to hold his bank accountable.
Otting also make clear that nonprofits opposing the merger could forget any chance of receiving philanthropic donations from OneWest. Subtle, huh?
OneWest's marketing and products have been geared to the wealthiest customers in its market area (primarily southern California), with only 15 percent of its branches in low and moderate income communities and no plans to build new branches in low-income areas. In addition, OneWest Bank makes only three percent of its purchases from vendors and suppliers that are minority owned -- despite being based in a southern California market with over 70 percent people of color.  There's no indication that this will change. Unless federal regulators call a halt, we are literally witnessing the creation new too-big-to-fail bank for the one percent.
The Federal Reserve should reject the CIT/OneWest merger application. At the very least, regulators should stop the clock, hold public hearings and get some real community input before allowing this dangerous deal to proceed.
Follow Preeti Vissa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Greenlining
More:

Nobel Peace Prize laureates in Oslo to receive their awardsNobel Peace Prize laureates in Oslo to receive their awards
CIA report shows US promotes human rights  democracy:officialsCIA report shows US promotes human rights  democracy:officials
Fed votes to propose extra capital rule for biggest U.S. banksfed votes to propose extra capital rule for biggest u.s. banks
http://usat.ly/1AbtYBcFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
2 more ex-Madoff employees get prison sentences
Annette Bongiorno, 66, and Jerome O'Hara, 51, were sentenced to prison terms for their roles in Bernard Madoff's investment fraud.
Post to Facebook
2 more ex-Madoff employees get prison sentences Annette Bongiorno, 66, and Jerome O'Hara, 51, were sentenced to prison terms for their roles in Bernard Madoff's investment fraud. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AbtYBc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
23
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
2 more ex-Madoff employees get prison sentences
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 9:17 a.m. EST December 10, 2014
Bernard Madoff's former secretary Annette Bongiorno leaves Manhattan federal court in New York City after her conviction on conspiracy and fraud charges in March.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
193 CONNECT 96 TWEET 134 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Bernard Madoff's longtime assistant and one of his former computer programmers were sentenced to prison terms Tuesday for their roles in helping the Ponzi scheme mastermind steal as much as $20 billion from investors.
Annette Bongiorno, 66, who became a multimillionaire by obeying the boss she idolized, was sentenced to a six-year term for what U.S. District Court Judge Laura Taylor Swain called her decision to obey her boss's instructions rather than recognize the fraud that happened "right in front of her."
The sentence was lower than the more than 20-year term sought by prosecutors — and even fell below the eight-to-ten-years recommended by her defense lawyer. In part,Taylor Swain cited health factors and Bongiorno's sub-five-foot stature for the decision.
The judge held the Manhasset, N.Y., resident jointly liable with Madoff and other conspirators for nearly $155.2 billion in forfeitures, representing the cumulative amounts taken in one of history's largest financial frauds.
Jerome O'Hara, 51, who worked on computer programs for Madoff's bogus investment advisory business, was sentenced to 2½ years in prison. The judge said his actions "kept in place the essential backbone of the infrastructure" that perpetuated the fraud.
Taylor Swain held the Malverne, N.Y., father of three jointly liable with other conspirators for $19.7 billion in forfeitures.
Bongiorno and O'Hara were the second and third of five former Madoff staffers convicted in March on conspiracy and fraud charges to receive prison sentences.
A Manhattan federal jury convicted the five on charges they knowingly helped Madoff fabricate and backdate financial records and purported stock trades to fool investment clients, auditors, regulators and investigators. The scam proceeds bankrolled a life of luxury and riches for the co-workers, trial evidence showed.
The scam collapsed in December 2008, nearly six years to the day of this week's sentencings. Madoff pleaded guilty the following year without standing trial. He's serving a 150-year prison term.
Verdict on 5 ex-Madoff employees: Guilty of fraud
Along with imposing the penalties, Taylor Swain denied bail for Bongiorno, pending a potential appeal of the verdict. The judge ordered her to surrender Feb. 19 and agreed to recommend confinement in a low-security facility in Sumterville, Fla.
The judge postponed a decision on the similar bail issue for O'Hara until Wednesday, when George Perez, another former Madoff computer programmer convicted in the fraud, is scheduled to be sentenced.
Taylor Swain described Bongiorno as someone who was "not fundamentally corrupt" and was dazzled by Madoff because she had just "borderline competence" for the complex financial work she carried out. Ruling that Bongiorno should have realized Madoff was running a fraud as far back as 1992, the judge concluded she was "a knowing and willing participant who made a choice to participate."
Bongiorno choked back tears as she read a statement addressing the thousands of Madoff scam victims whose dreams and financial security were damaged or destroyed. She stressed "how very sorry I am by all the sorrow and loss caused by Madoff and by extension, by me."
"I did not know what was happening. I didn't mean to hurt you," Bongiorno said.
Jerome O'Hara, a former computer programmer for Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff, leaves Manhattan federal court in New York City after he was convicted of aiding the massive fraud.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
Taylor Swain said O'Hara's role was more limited than that of some other conspirators because he joined Madoff's firm later and inherited a computer system designed by others. "He is not a morally bankrupt conniver who set out to bankrupt anyone," the judge said.
Taylor Swain ruled that evidence showed O'Hara should have recognized the fraud by 2006, yet "spent the better part of three years" continuing to work on computer programs that harmed Madoff investors.
O'Hara referred to the scam victims while his relatives and friends sat silently behind him in support. "The deep pain and suffering they have endured I would wish on no man and no woman," he said.
Daniel Bonventre, Madoff's former operations manager, was sentenced to a 10-year prison term Monday and held jointly liable for more than $155 billion in forfeiture. JoAnn Crupi, who oversaw the Madoff business's main bank account is scheduled to be sentenced next Monday.
193 CONNECT 96 TWEET 134 LINKEDIN 23 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AbtYBc
Looking for a Job?

Israeli Researchers Find Flaw in Alibaba SiteIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Greenberg s worst CEO of 2013 firedgreenberg s worst ceo of 2013 fired
Axis  fixed rate home loans cut to 10.4%Axis  fixed rate home loans cut to 10.4%
India wins steel import tussle with US at WTOIndia wins steel import tussle with US at WTO
National Highways may get exemption from R&RNational Highways may get exemption from resettlement and rehabilitation policy
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Congress
(The Land Acquisition Act…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian government may exempt national highways from the resettlement and rehabilitation provisions of the much-criticised land acquisition law as it looks to revive road construction as part of its overall plan to reboot infrastructure development in the country.
A senior government official said that highway development, which has come to a grinding halt because of various reasons, including the virtual impossibility of acquiring land to build roads on, is being considered for exemption from various procedural requirements of the Act.
While the government is considering a general relaxation in some provisions of the Act, a special exemption is being considered for national highways. That's because, unlike industries, road developers can't promise rehabilitation in terms of providing jobs to land holders among other things."We are ready to compensate even more than what the land acquisition Act asks for but it involves a very complex process which we can do away with since infrastructure is a priority," the official told ET.
Compensation for land would be based on the highways ministry's own norms, with R&R not feasible in such projects. Besides roads, similar so-called linear projects in sectors such as railways could also be given such treatment.
The Narendra Modi government, elected on a mandate to step up development, wants to upgrade and expand India's creaking, congested infrastructure that's seen as a hindrance to growth and speed up projects by removing procedural hurdles. It's considering legal changes to facilitate this.
The Land Acquisition Act introduced by the previous Congress led United Progressive Alliance government has drawn flak from multiple quarters including industry and state governments besides central ministries and departments.
Congress-ruled states have also raised concerns over the cumbersome procedures prescribed by law that have halted land acquisition for infrastructure projects. In 2013-14, a total of 4,260 km of national highways were developed, down from 5,732 km the year before. As of October, only 1,984 km has been developed in the current fiscal year.
The department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) has also criticised the land acquisition law as an obstruction to development.
Inter-ministerial consultations have already been initiated on the changes required, another official said. The government will also discuss the matter with political parties before amending the law.The new Act, which replaced the Land Acquisition Act of 1894, requires developers to get the consent of 80 per cent of land owners in the case of private projects and 70 per cent in case of public-private partnership projects. In order to fast track infrastructure development, roads minister Nitin Gadkari had said that bids would be called for highway projects only after 80 per cent of the land required had been acquired."It will be helpful wherever there is a greenfield project because the land requirement will be significant," said Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman, Feedback Infrastructure .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Final law for complete ban child labour soonFinal law for complete ban child labour soon
Yogima Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bandaru Dattatreya
(Senior government officials…)
NEW DELHI: The government will soon consider final amendments to the Child Labour Act 1986 that will pitch for a complete ban on child labour up to 14 years, including those involved in domestic work.
The labour ministry has finalised the amendments to the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Amendment (CLPRA) Bill after incorporating some of the recommendations of the standing committee on labour as well as the inter-ministerial group set up for the purpose.A draft note will be put up for consideration of the Cabinet.
Senior government officials told ET that the bill will go to the Rajya Sabha, after Cabinet's nod, with proposed official amendments. "Since the bill is largely the same as proposed by the previous government, we hope it will sail through in both houses of the Parliament," the official added.
The Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Amendment (CLPRA) Bill, which was introduced in Rajya Sabha by the previous government in 2012, was sent to the standing committee that had submitted its recommendations in December 2013. Thereafter, the new government had sent it to the inter-ministerial group set up for the purpose to resolve internal differences. The bill is now with the labour ministry that is in the process of drafting the Cabinet note on the same."Child labour is a stigma to our society and it is a grave issue.
In coming days we will re-introduce amendment to the Child Labour Act that will lead to complete ban on child labour in 5-14 years age," labour minister Bandaru Dattatreya said on Tuesday. Dattatrey was speaking at the National Consultation on Child Domestic Work and Trafficking organised by Save The Children .
Amendment to the Child Labour Act proposes complete prohibition of employment of children up to the age of 14 years while banning employment of children between 15-18 years in hazardous works, in sync with the Right to Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009.
Besides, it provides for a fine of Rs 60,000 to an employer who employees children below the age of 14 years or an imprisonment of up to two years.
Under the proposed changes, even the parents are liable to be fined Rs 5,000 and imprisonment between six months to one year if they force children below 14 years into child labour for the second time after being rescued.
The government is even mulling to provide vocational training to the rescued and rehabilitated children to ensure that they grow up as skilled labourers by roping in non-governmental organisations as part of its rehabilitation exercise.
The 1986 law prohibits employing children only in certain occupations such as mines, work in hazardous process and with inflammable substances or explosives. Minors working in middle class homes as domestic workers and those employed at hotels, dhabas were included as a category of child labourers only after an amendment in 2006.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Putin threatens crackdown on currency speculatorsPutin threatens crackdown on currency speculators
Kathrin Hille — Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d2b7f14-7b9b-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Keep the monetary pedal pressed to the floorKeep the monetary pedal pressed to the floor
Global growth could accelerate if policy is allowed to stay loose
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4d97068-7c78-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putins passage to IndiaAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Six Guantnamo detainees moved to UruguaySix Guantánamo detainees moved to Uruguay
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c389c208-7e2e-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Conoco slashes investment after oil slumpConoco slashes investment after oil slump
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba0881be-7ef2-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A special surprise party for Salman s motherCelebrity
Salman Khan celebrates mother's birthday
The Khan’s celebrate big every time, be it wedding or house warming party or birthdays. This time Salman Khan’s mother Salma Khan was in for a surprise with a birthday bash.
Well, it was a surprise and a moment of reunion for the Khan family with their princess daughter Arpita Khan Sharma at her new home which is gifted by Salman Khan.
1 / 7
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:30 PM IST

Bouncers received with applause in AdelaideMore
The bouncer goes on
This Test couldn't really start until a bowler hit the middle of the pitch, until that first bouncer was bowled aggressively and handled safely. Because the bouncer belongs to cricket.
By Jarrod Kimber at Adelaide Oval | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 9 Dec, 2014 10:29 AM IST
Tweet
0
Warner avoids a short pitched delivery in Adelaide."There it is" - Ian Healy, 10:49, 09 December, 2014.
Nineteen balls. That is how long it took. There had been yorker length. Full length. Length length. Back of a length. And then nothing. The pitch map just had this unofficial line in it, the Phillip Hughes respect line. Starting at roughly 63 inches from the batsman.
You could start the day with anthems, 13th men, arm bands, the number 408 or whatever you wanted, but this Test couldn't start until a bowler hit the middle of the pitch. Until that first bouncer was bowled in an aggressive way and handled in a safe way. The rest was fidgeting.
Mohammad Shami started with six balls that never even hinted at noticing the middle of the pitch. It was clearly a plan that analysts had come up with. Full from around the wicket. The only player who was in danger was the short leg from a clip off the pads.
At the other end was Varun Aaron , he is always a chance of an accidental bouncer. But he also stuck to the pre-boxed bowling plan. Around the wicket. Full. Very full. And wide, which may have been his own twist on it, or something that Warner had ordered. It wasn't short, it wasn't intimidating, and it wasn't good.
After five legal balls and three Warner boundaries, Aaron stood mid-pitch the way bowlers do when the over won't end and the fielders are still collecting the ball. Fast bowling 101 suggests the next ball should be a bouncer. Escape the over, and let the batsman know you're angry. Virat Kohli came up to see his bowler. One of the many fast bowlers he requested for the game. Was this the bouncer? Would it finally be unleashed? Could the crowd breathe more normally? Could the commentators pronounce the hex was over? Would cricket remain as we knew it?
Aaron flew in and bowled a back of the length ball that was pushed into the covers for one.
Six more bowling plan balls from Shami, full and non threatening.
Then ball 19. Around the wicket. Quick. Angled straight at Warner. Full enough to hit something. Short enough to hit something precious. Warner is coming forward. He sees the ball late. His head hurriedly drops. His feet struggle for balance. The bat stays up. The ball flies over the right shoulder. Warner can't see it. It lands in Wriddiman Saha's glove. Safely, from a cricket and life perspective.
Ian Healy almost sounds excited at the bouncer, the crowd ooohs. They were caught by surprise as much as Warner. Then they applaud. It's a long applause, it's not an ovation, no one seems to be standing. It comes from every part of the ground, and it sounds pure. There seems to be no bogans yelling, whistling or booing. Just sustained applause for cricket and a thank you to Aaron for delivering their cricket back.
Warner twiddles his bat. Aaron steams back to his mark. The crowd start chatting. The replays are shown. The Test has started.
Aaron follows up with another bouncer. Warner tries to smash it. It could be Richardson to Trumper. Larwood to Bradman. Adcock to Sutcliffe. Lillee to Richards. It's just a bouncer, not even a good one.
Sean Abbott comes on at the SCG, he bowls a bouncer fifth ball, it also goes through to the keeper.
Shane Watson comes in and is bounced straight away by Ishant Sharma . It was only Sunday when Watson was talking about struggling against the short ball in the nets. Now he was facing one.
You can see Watson takes his eye off it. You can see him turn his head. You can see the potential for disaster. You can see the back of his head. You can see the ball going towards the unprotected zone. You can see the ball going past. You can see the men on the hill who are cheering each bouncer. You can see Warner looking unfussed from the non strikers end. You can see that cricket goes on.
Warner will stop on 63 to celebrate the new landmark. If 87 is the Devil's number, then 63 is God's number. The bouncer belongs to neither, it belongs to cricket.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Satyam case: Raju found in violation of Companies ActTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

With a bullet: China  Greece and champagneEMAIL
(Eugene Hoshiko, AP)
Chinese stocks and bonds tumbled Monday as the government tightened rules on short-term lending and extolled slower economic growth. The Shanghai stock index fell 5.4%.
Greek stocks, not to be outdone, tumbled 11.2%, following the government’s decision to call elections, leaving open the possibility that the radical Syriza party might win.
The Federal Reserve is pondering whether to take the phrase “for a considerable time” from its meeting minutes, indicating it may raise interest rates earlier in 2015 than Wall Street expects.
If you think consumers will spend more because of the drop in oil prices, you’re not alone: Consumer stocks are Wall Street’s current darlings.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have unveiled new loan programs with down payments as low as 3%.
A lot of people are working part-time, rather than full-time. Is that bad? 

Sun sets on Russians upmarket trips abroadSun sets on Russians’ upmarket trips abroad
Courtney Weaver in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f92b224-7edb-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron in Turkey to boost terror fightDavid Cameron calls for Turkey alliance in fight against terror
Daniel Dombey in Ankara and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff11d4cc-7fba-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US dollar gives up gains on profit-taking© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48ee72e2-7fae-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tescos insurers could face payout claimsTesco’s insurers could face payouts for legal costs
Alistair Gray
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0419ba98-7fc0-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BES forced to disappear  says ex-chiefBES collapse could have been avoided, former chief says
Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c13d0fa4-7fc4-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin keen on exporting LNG to India | To boost bilateral tradePutin keen on exporting LNG to India
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 12.26AM IST
Tags:
India
(He says cost of selling natural…)
MOSCOW: Positioning Russia as a reliable energy supplier to Asia, President Vladimir Putin is keen to export liquefied natural gas (LNG) to India and involve ONGC in oil and gas hunt in the Arctic as he looks to deepen energy ties with India as a counter to US sanctions.
He says cost of selling natural gas to India through a cross-country pipeline was much higher than shipping it in its liquid form (LNG).
"Historically, Russia has exported most of its hydrocarbons to the West. However, European consumption is increasing too slowly, while political, regulatory and transit risks are on the rise.
"At the same time, the economies of Asian countries are growing rapidly. Thus, we are naturally interested in diversifying the destinations of our energy deliveries. We expect to secure ourselves a role of a reliable energy supplier to the Asian markets," he said in a wide-ranging interview to PTI.
Putin, who arrives here later tonight on a two-day state visit, cited involvement of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) in Sakhalin-1 oil and gas project in Far East Russia and said Moscow was "interested in attracting new investments and technologies, including from India."
"The issue of participation by the ONGC Videsh in hydrocarbons exploration in the Arctic is being actively discussed," he said adding that OVL and Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft had in May signed a MoU for cooperation in the Artic shelf.
"Gazpromneft is also interested in networking with Indian oil and gas companies with a view to implementing Arctic projects," he said.
Asked about the proposal to pipe natural gas from Russia, Putin said cost of sales through a pipeline are much more than LNG.
"As far as Russia's natural gas supplies to India are concerned, that issue needs thorough consideration. A preliminary analysis has shown that the cost of pipeline transportation may significantly exceed that of liquefied natural gas (LNG) supplies. So this is largely the question of commercial feasibility," he said.
Russia has a pipeline network which extends up to Mazar-e-Sharif in Afghanistan. It was talked that this pipeline may be hooked to the proposed Turkmenistan- Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) pipeline but transit issues of the TAPI pipeline are yet to be sorted out.
Putin said Russian gas monopoly Gazprom delivered two LNG shiploads last year and has signed a long-term agreement with GAIL India Ltd for supply of 2.5 million tonnes a year of LNG for 20 years.
"India will start receiving LNG shipments as early as in 2017, or, in case the deadlines are shifted, by all means no later than in 2021," he said.
Russia - the world's top oil producer with current output of 10.5 million barrels per day - has offered OVL stake in two Siberian oilfields - Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye, an initial agreement for which may be signed during Putin's visit.
"We hope that our increased cooperation in the energy sector will contribute to India's sustainable and progressive social and economic development and help improve the quality of life of Indian people," Putin said.
Russia is courting China and India after EU and US slapped sanctions on them for Moscow's involvement in Ukraine.
OVL is interested in expanding its presence in Russia as it looks to source one million barrels per day of oil and oil-equivalent gas from Russia.
OVL already has 20 per cent stake in Sakhalin-1 oil and gas field in Far East Russia and in 2009 acquired Imperial Energy, which has fields in Siberia, for $2.1 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Big US banks face fresh curb on payoutsJPMorgan faces $22bn capital hole under new Fed rules
Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a4fa768-7fd8-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S.-listed Chinese stocks get slappedU.S.-listed Chinese stocks get slapped
By: Matt Krantz December 9, 2014 3:31 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
It’s a bad day to be a Chinese stock. With Shanghai markets falling 5% overnight, the fallout is being felt in the U.S. Tuesday across the board.
Half of the 15 stocks on the NYSE Arca China index, which trade on a major U.S. exchange, are down today.
Hardest hit is insurance company China Life Insurance (LFC). Shares of the company are off 4.2% on the day. The days’ selloff was a bit out of left field since the stock has been a decent performer longer terms despite slowing economic growth in China. Shares of the insurance company are up 12% this year.
But energy stocks in China continue to get pummeled. A solid example is CNOOC (CEO), which is down 2.1%. That stock, however, is down 30% this year.
Year ago, investors thought Chinese stocks were unassailable and the best way to make money. How things change.
NYSE ARCA CHINA INDEX STOCKS DOWN THE MOST TUESDAY
Company

Its unclear  however  how a reporter could hope to validate or invalidate something that happened behind closed doors a decade agoBy Eugene Volokh December 9 Follow @volokhc
[UPDATE, 12/10/14, 12:30 pm Eastern: I'm glad to see that the passage that I was responding to has since been deleted from the TIME post.]
The Lena Dunham story has finally hit the mainstream media (not counting rogue blogs like ours). One of the posts about this, though, at TIME.com , struck me as quite odd. The post begins by noting that Random House has acknowledged that “Barry” wasn’t named Barry, and that the publisher will change the passage accordingly. And, unlike some coverage I’ve seen, it does give credit to Breitbart.com for basically single-handedly investigating this. But such credit!
Following the book’s publication, the conservative news site Breitbart.com launched an investigation attempting to disprove Dunham’s claim of sexual assault, concluding that the claim could not be verified. It’s unclear, however, how a reporter could hope to validate or invalidate something that happened behind closed doors a decade ago. And, the details of this particular case strike a sensitive chord at a time when discussions about sexual assault on college campuses are more charged than ever. [Emphases added.]
Dunham appears to have predicted some of the fallout from the story. She told Howard Stern back in October, “This was an essay I was very anxious and self-conscious about putting in the book because we are in a current culture where everything is turned into a game of telephone and it turns into a headline.” Still, she hoped speaking out would make an impact on the many young women who blame themselves for being sexually assaulted.
It’s unclear how John Nolte at Breitbart.com could “invalidate” Dunham’s claims — but somehow he managed. How was this miraculous feat accomplished? By the remarkable innovation of trying to track down the outside-closed-doors facts that Dunham included in her book.
He looked for a Barry, and indeed successfully “invalidate[d]” Dunham’s statement that she was raped by a man named Barry. He also looked for corroboration of other details, such as campus conservatives with flamboyant mustaches and purple cowboy boots and a radio show called “Real Talk with Jimbo,” other details mentioned by Dunham. There, his results weren’t as conclusive, and Random House hasn’t said that those details were mistaken — but (if his report of his research is indeed correct) his investigation does cast some doubt on those details.
To be sure, the “behind closed doors a decade ago” point is valid as to an attempt to show that Dunham wasn’t sexually assaulted at Oberlin — and the Breitbart story doesn’t claim to show that she wasn’t sexually assaulted. Instead, the first sentence of its Summary says:
Lena Dunham might have been raped at Oberlin College, but the “Barry” she describes in her memoir is a ghost.
So Breitbart set out to verify the factual details that Dunham offered — not to determine the broad-picture claim of whether Dunham was indeed raped at Oberlin by someone matching some unknown description (which is indeed usually impossible to disprove, absent details that can be checked), but to determine whether the actual description she did give was accurate. That sort of limited “invalidat[ion]” is usually all that reporters “could hope” for. And here it actually happened.
It thus seems that the TIME.com account isn’t quite fair to Nolte and Breitbart.com here. But my concern is much broader than that: The dig at Breitbart seems to me to reflect a dangerous attitude towards journalism. The implication, as I read the first quoted paragraph, is that an investigation of a story is hopeless — and thus pointless and even suspicious — as long as all one can prove is that some parts of the story are false. So long as Dunham might have been sexually assaulted (and she certainly might have been), something that of course can’t be proved or disproved at this point absent someone’s confession, what’s the point of checking into whether particular factual allegations are accurate? Details, details.
But it seems to me that a basic tenet of journalism is that details matter. First, they matter to people’s reputations. Maybe the fact that Dunham’s alleged rapist wasn’t named “Barry” is irrelevant to those who care about “sexual assault on college campuses.” But they matter to a particular man named Barry, whose reputation was jeopardized by Dunham’s labeling the alleged rapist Barry without stating that this was just a pseudonym. Likewise, while there’s no legal cause of action for libeling a political group, if it turns out that Dunham’s alleged rapist also wasn’t a campus conservative — the Breitbart story casts some doubt on that detail, though it doesn’t conclusively disprove it — then this little detail isn’t really fair, either.
Second, the inaccuracy of some details that a person gives does cast doubt on the accuracy of other details. Of course, even honest people make mistakes. Of course, it’s eminently possible that all the other details Dunham gives are accurate, and the only thing that was fictionalized was the name. Of course, more generally, that a person who says she has been raped makes a slight mistake as to one detail doesn’t that she’s lying about other details that relate to the alleged rapist’s identity or actions.
Yet ultimately, when we — as journalists, as readers, as jurors — judge the credibility of sources, often the only way we can tell what happened “behind closed doors” is precisely by looking at how accurate and candid the witness has been as to other matters. An error or an unacknowledged falsification doesn’t categorically, automatically invalidate everything else a person is saying. But it does shed some light on the degree of trust we should place in that person.
To casually dismiss an investigation — an investigation that actually succeeded in getting a publisher to correct a statement — on the grounds that the investigation couldn’t directly verify another aspect of a story is, it seems to me, to miss this basic point about journalism, and about truth-seeking more broadly. I hope this attitude expressed by the Time writer is not characteristic of newspaper and magazine writers more broadly.
“Dunham appears to have predicted some of the fallout from the story,” the writer says, quoting Dunham’s statement that “This was an essay I was very anxious and self-conscious about putting in the book because we are in a current culture where everything is turned into a game of telephone and it turns into a headline.”
But what’s noteworthy about “a game of telephone” is that people mishear something and then repeat what they misheard. Here, the original error wasn’t a poor listener’s: It was Dunham’s own conscious decision to misstate a fact (here, the alleged rapist’s name), and not properly acknowledge that the fact was indeed changed. And, yes, Dunham should certainly have “predicted” that the “fallout” from such deliberate misstating of the facts would be criticism, and doubt cast on other factual details as well.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

How startups are taking Twitter & Facebook route to raise fundsStartups now taking to Twitter and Facebook to raise funds
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 01.48AM IST
Tags:
LetsVenture
(Founded in 2011, the consultancy…)
BENGALURU: Mumbai-based Themis Consult is leveraging social media for helping startups raise funds, inviting entrepreneurs to spell out their requirements through its Facebook and Twitter accounts over one week starting on December 10, after which it will connect about 18 interested funds to the companies.
While firms such as LetsVenture and ah!Ventures have developed platforms to facilitate funding in the early stages, Themis is the first to look at venture capital and private equity stage as well.
Founded in 2011, the consultancy takes care of the nitty-gritty of running a startup, accounting, finance, human resources and company secretarial compliance, that entrepreneurs would rather not bother themselves with.
"We are using our unique position in the ecosystem to completely disrupt the way entrepreneurs access capital. Most of the time we know companies better than they know themselves," said CEO Nibhrant Shah , 30-year-old founder of Themis Consult, which has scored 250 startups and SMEs (small and medium enterprises) as customers in the past three years. The company's database boasts of a 16,000-strong mailer list of who's who in the startup ecosystem.
Themis expects to get 500-600 entries through its social media initiative, which it believes will lead to funding of at least 15 startups. According to the company, which is targeting revenue of Rs 8 crore this fiscal, it will charge 0.5 per cent-1.5 per cent for investments above Rs 30 lakh. The #Getfunded campaign is expected to reduce the time it takes entrepreneurs to raise funds by at least a month and a half. "Having an intermediary who knows the company's books inside out and who also understands the investor's philosophy could play an important role in optimising the fundraising exercise," said Ankit Solanki, senior analyst at Mumbai Angels.
In addition to Mumbai Angels , Kae Capital, Rehan Yar Khan's Orios Ventures, Indian Angel Network and Ankur Capital will be participating in the exercise.
"Funds constantly ask us to introduce them to interesting startups," said Shah, whose company has facilitated over 15 such ad hoc deals in the past.
Shah said the social media campaign could be a win-win situation for both startups and his company. While his company would get customers, the startups could raise funds. "Because it is on social networks, it can go viral and new investors can become aware of the startup space in India. That's always welcome," said Harshad Lahoti, co-founder of ah!Ventures, which has raised $2 million (about Rs 12 crore) for six deals in the past two years.
LetsVenture, another online dealmaking platform has raised over $5 million (about Rs 30 crore) in 19 deals in the past one year.
"But players must exercise caution and not become investment bankers. They should not put forth companies to investors that are not essentially fundable," said Shanti Mohan, CEO of LetsVenture, adding that his company will look at deal-making in the venture capital space next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Did Jhunjhunwala err when he bought a stake in SpiceJetDid Jhunjhunwala err when he bought a stake in SpiceJet
High-risk gamble on future of Greece© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd01f68c-7f92-11e4-86ee-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GM new strategy focuses on exports to boost...GM's new strategy focuses on exports & new segments to boost sales
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 10 Dec, 2014, 08.24AM IST
Tweet
The export push is part of the de-risking strategy of the company, with volumes in the domestic market falling continuously despite new launches.
MUMBAI: Hit by falling market share, accumulated losses and low capacity utilisation, General Motors India is reworking its strategy with a focus on exports and entry into new segments such as sub-4 metre sedans. If implemented, the short sedan based on the M300 platform and the new generation Beat hatchback are expected to hit the market in 2017. The sedan project is code-named MCM.
GM will join the ranks of Ford and Volkswagen that have, after years of studying the space, lined up their entrylevel sedans for launch in 2015 and 2016, respectively. The sub-4 metre or compact sedan space is the fastest-growing segment with annual volumes of about 3.5 lakh units. This launch is expected to happen before the proposed global emerging market (GEM) platform cars, previously called Amber Project, get the go-ahead.
The export push is part of the de-risking strategy of the company, with volumes in the domestic market falling continuously despite new launches such as the Sail UVA hatchback, the Sail sedan and the Enjoy MPV in 2013.
The company is operating at 30 per cent capacity and accumulated losses swelled to Rs 6,552 crore at the end of FY14 with market share down to about 2.2 per cent in April-October. In a market which has grown 2.3 per cent during the period, GM India's sales fell 36 per cent to 32,567 units. The company started exporting the Beat hatchback recently to Chile, ET learned. GM is also exploring whether India can be an export base for key markets such as South Africa, Mexico and other Latin American markets.
"In the coming years, GM India is planning to export almost 30 per cent of its total production (1.2 lakh units) planned till 2017. While the volumes are small in 2014, the company aims to scale it up to 20,000 units in 2015, 40,000 units in 2016 and 2017," said a person aware of the plan, requesting anonymity. A GM India spokesperson said, "We do not comment on speculation." Exports have become a significant support for car manufacturers in India, said Gaurav Vangaal , senior analyst, forecasting, IHS Automotive.
"It is essential for GM to exploit production capabilities of the plant by adding exports, while reinforcing supplier community confidence. The strategy to export to Latin America and South Africa is tried and tested. Recently, the start of exports to Mexico of the VW Vento has turned the fortunes of the production facility of Volkswagen India. More car manufacturers are expected to join and for GM export orders will be a big relief to the bleeding domestic volumes," he said.

Thanks to softer fuel prices  car sales jump...Thanks to softer fuel prices & excise confusion, car sales jump 10% in November
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 10 Dec, 2014, 07.43AM IST
According to data released by industry body SIAM, one of the factors that had driven the sales higher was the falling ownership cost.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Car sales bounced back to the positive territory in November after two months of decline, helped by a lower base to compare with, softer fuel prices and as manufacturers piled up stock to meet any sudden demand due the uncertainty over the extension of an excise duty relief.
After a lacklustre festive season (September-October), car sales jumped by a surprising 10% in November to 1.56 lakh units. The biggest gainers were Maruti Suzuki and the local units of Hyundai Motor , Toyota Motor and Honda Motor which benefitted from new models launched in recent months, even as most players in the market continued to face weak demand.
According to data released by industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) Tuesday, one of the factors that had driven the sales higher was the falling ownership cost.
"Car sales have grown in November with a positive sentiment coming from overall cost of ownership coming down due to lowering of fuel prices," SIAM director-general Vishnu Mathur said. Customers benefitted also because of lower excise duty on auto products, he said.
The industry has been asking the government to extend the excise-duty stimulus beyond December when it is due to expire, and club it with the rollout of goods and service tax that proposes to combine several levies under one banner.

Christies  The India Sale  to showcase some...Christie’s 'The India Sale' on December 11 to showcase some rare works
Delshad Irani & Nandini Raghavendra, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 02.37AM IST
Tags:
Amin Jaffer
(The auction will feature…)
MUMBAI: Around this time last year, VS Gaitonde's luminous yellow canvas was snapped up for Rs 23 crore at Christie's maiden auction in India. It was a record, not only for the modernist painter but also for Indian art. Christie's second auction, The India Sale, will be held on December 11.
Eighty modern and contemporary works will go under the hammer, giving private collectors and museums the chance to acquire another Gaitonde, one of his last works that has never been offered for sale at auction before. The painting is expected to sell forRs 5.5-7 crore. However, it's not the highest valued work at the auction. That privilege goes to Tyeb Mehta's Falling Bull — the 1999 canvas is estimated to fetch Rs 8.5 -12 crore.
For the first time Christie's has brought works from outside India in addition to those sourced locally for the auction. Last year, 35% of the buyers were new to Christie's, said international director of Asian art, Amin Jaffer , who is expecting this to increase this year. The biggest difference this year is that the collection is entirely curated by the auction house. Last year, there was a large proportion of works from the estate of Kekoo and Khorshed Gandhy, the Mumbai-based gallery owners.
Apart from bidding at the venue, buyers can also do so by phone or online. The auction will feature works by artists such as Rabindranath and Gaganendranath Tagore, Ram Kumar, Tyeb Mehta , MF Husain , SH Raza and Francis Newton Souza . These will be up for bidding alongside 10 contemporary pieces donated by artists such as Subodh Gupta and Bharti Kher to benefit Khoj, the artist residency programme established in India in 1997.
A small group of rare, unseen canvases and works on paper from the 1970s by Nasreen Mohamedi are also for sale. They will be of special interest given their provenance and following the recent exhibitions of Mohamedi's work at the Tate Liverpool in the United Kingdom and the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art in New Delhi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Washington Post StaffThe U.S. ambassador to Israel holds a replica model of Israel’s Iron Dome missile defense system.
Dec 16, 2014
The reasons why the militant group is still able to carry out its hideous terror attacks
Dec 16, 2014
A hideous attack takes place in the shadow of a larger national conversation
Dec 15, 2014
A new social media meme in Australia has united many in the country against bigotry and racism
Dec 15, 2014
60 percent of the world still has no access to the Internet
Dec 15, 2014
Turkey’s outspoken President Erdogan wants Turkish students to learn the Arabic script and old tongue of long-gone Ottoman rulers.
Dec 12, 2014
The jihadist organization supposedly published a pamphlet with 27 guidelines for how to treat your female slave.
Dec 12, 2014
The occupation sites may be cleared. But the struggle for Hong Kong democracy will go on
Dec 11, 2014
Pope Francis is a popular guy, according to a new Pew survey.
Dec 11, 2014
The Islamic State uses a drone to film footage of its violence
Dec 11, 2014
Load More
About
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
Most Read

Chicago police investigating rape allegation against Uber driverChicago police investigating rape allegation against Uber driver
WTO rules against USA on steel disputeWTO rules against USA on steel dispute
SBI s new Composite Index points to turnaround in IIPSBI s new Composite Index points to turnaround in IIP
RIL forms textile JV with China s $3-bn Shandong Ruyi GroupRIL forms textile JV with China s $3-bn Shandong Ruyi Group
GST scheduled for 2016GST scheduled for 2016
Ukraine peace talks delayed but ceasefire largely holdsUkraine peace talks delayed but ceasefire largely holds
30-Year Fixed Mortgage Rate Remains Firmly Below 4%; Current Rate is 3.75%  According to Zillow Mortgage Rate TickerWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
30-Year Fixed Mortgage Rate Remains Firmly Below 4%; Current Rate is 3.75%, According to Zillow Mortgage Rate Ti...
SEATTLE, Dec. 9, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The 30-year fixed mortgage rate on Zillow(R) Mortgages is currently 3.75 percent, down one basis point from this time last week. The 30-year fixed mortgage hovered around 3.80 percent last week, peaking at ...

Cadila launches cheaper copy of Abbvie s HumiraCadila launches cheaper copy of Abbvie s Humira
Millennials replacing baby boomers in HR software market signals shift in workforce managementMillennials replacing baby boomers in HR software market signals shift in workforce management
Grading the Federal Reserves readabilityGrading the Federal Reserve’s readability
Tracy Alloway in New York
Central bank garrulousness has implications for the wider market, writes Tracy Alloway
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53510a62-76d3-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bloomberg  a private matter© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a9921a2e-344d-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uruguay seeks kudos from Guantnamo dealUruguay seeks kudos from Guantánamo deal
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/294ef4e0-7f9d-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guantnamo tangle  legal wrangling  spectre of torture and controversial trialsWomen we watched – Serena Williams
By the time Mohammed stops to pray, all the journalists have been cleared out of the expansive hearing room, where they usually sit behind a glass screen, listening to proceedings on a 40-second delay. I see the scene unfolding only by chance on a closed circuit television in the shed next to the courthouse, where I have been taken to register for my security badge.
Behind Mohammed in the tailor-built courtroom are his co-defendants, dressed in a mix of traditional Middle Eastern tunics and desert military outfits: two Yemenis, a Saudi and another Pakistani. They have been held by the US for more than a decade, for most of it at Guantánamo Bay and, in some cases, for a period at CIA black sites around the world, where they were interrogated.
Their prayers over, the detainees seem surprisingly relaxed. They gather their belongings as if finishing a day at the office, chat to their lawyers and guards, pack their papers and prepare to be secured and driven back to their cells. Their heavily guarded convoy is one of the few things that causes traffic jams on the small US naval base, covering just 120 square kilometres of water and land.
More than 12 years after the detention centre was established, the US base at Guantánamo Bay has only 149 detainees left, down from a maximum of just under 800 in its early days. Of those, more than half – 78 – have been cleared for release as low-risk detainees but have yet to be repatriated or resettled, either because countries can’t be found for them or because Barack Obama hasn’t been willing to take the risk of sending them to countries such as Yemen, where they could join terror groups. Of the remainder, only about 20 have been charged or will ever face charges, according to US military officials. The other 50-odd detainees remain in legal limbo, behind bars indefinitely but charged with no crimes. The oldest detainee is now 67.
Guantánamo Bay was picked because some in the Bush administration thought it was the perfect law-free zone
- Morris Davis, a former chief prosecutor
The ambiguous status of Guantánamo Bay, a US naval base leased from Cuba in perpetuity in 1903, is what made it so attractive to George W Bush when he pondered what to do with prisoners plucked off the battlefield, largely from Afghanistan, after 9/11.
One of his advisers figured the island was the “legal equivalent of outer space”, according to a recent book on Guantánamo, The Terror Courts, by Jess Bravin. In other words, it was under US control but, the Bush White House hoped, beyond the reach of its lawyers and courts. “Guantánamo Bay was clearly picked because some in the Bush administration thought it was the perfect law-free zone,” says Morris Davis, a former chief prosecutor for the military commissions established to try the prisoners. “Otherwise, why would they fly someone 7,000 miles around the world to get them there?”
But US law, and lawyers, have gradually intruded on the military commissions created to try the detainees in the years since. Far from being an expeditious way to try, convict and, in some cases, execute men the US detained in the all-encompassing “ war on terror ”, Gitmo has drifted into a legal tangle of Dickensian dimensions.
©Reuters
The five accused 9/11 conspirators attend a pre-trial hearing in Guantánamo Bay naval base, June 16 2014 (Photograph: Reuters)
On its own, the death penalty trial of the alleged 9/11 conspirators is unfolding as one of the most complex, contentious and lengthy legal cases in recent US history, and one which may set new standards for war crimes hearings around the world. But the fierce tussle over whether Guantánamo’s military commissions – legal proceedings with most but not all of the protections of ordinary courts – can deliver a fair trial is only one aspect. The real and largely unstated battle revolves around Guantánamo’s original sin – the use of torture by the US government to gather information from many of the men held and being tried there. The application of torture, or “enhanced interrogation techniques” in the US government’s euphemism, has been well documented by human rights groups, in official government documents and even in the memoirs of former CIA officers.
“Why are we trying this case here instead of in one of hundreds of US courts? Because highly placed people in the US government permitted or carried out torture and, in the process, committed 20-year felony crimes,” says David Nevin, Mohammed’s lawyer.
The intelligence subterfuge that has characterised Guantánamo since its inception has dogged the 9/11 commissions as well. Over the past 18 months, bugs have been found in the ceiling smoke detectors in the rooms defence lawyers used to talk with their clients, and lawyers’ emails were accessed. Without recourse to the judge, the CIA cut the public feed of the hearings, by activating a red light which resembles a police siren in the court, just as Nevin was asking for information about his client. In April this year, the lawyers discovered the FBI had questioned and tried to recruit as an informant a security expert working for the defence team to discover how Mohammed’s personal writings had been published in The Huffington Post, delaying the formal trial further. “They put a plant into the defence team – I mean, what?!” says Nevin.
The battle over Guantánamo has already spanned two presidencies, and is set to land on the desk of a third after elections in November 2016. Even with convictions, the protracted political and legal entanglement over the detention facility, and the allegations of torture, may mean it is not closed until the likes of Khaled Sheikh Mohammed and his fellow defendants die a natural death.
. . .
©PA
Some of the first detainees, 2002 (Photograph: PA)
The first detainees arrived at Guantánamo in early 2002 and were held at an open-air prison once used to detain Haitian refugees known as Camp X-ray. Although the camp was closed after only a few months, the facility’s reputation has never really recovered from these first moments, captured in photos of the detainees, dressed in orange jumpsuits, hunched over on their knees and shackled in the open air, their mouths covered to stop them spitting at guards.
Preserved by court order, Camp X-ray today looks like an abandoned film set for a second world war prison-break movie. Rotting wooden guard towers overlook rows of two-metre by two-metre wire mesh cages used to incarcerate individual detainees. Up the hill, about 40 metres away, are the crumbling plywood interrogation facilities, with desks and chairs left just as they were, like a macabre museum exhibit. Clumps of grass and subtropical foliage are gradually creeping their way through the prison and turning it into a fetid, swampy ruin. The razor wire wrapped along the tops of multiple fences is tumbling down and a makeshift shower block is almost engulfed by new growth. Kenneth Edel, a US military officer, points out the block while conducting a journalists’ tour. “Armed doctrine,” he says, citing the reason for building a shower block near the camp’s entrance. “You make the prisoners clean up when they arrive.”
. . .
Cleaning up Guantánamo politically and legally has been much harder. Barack Obama bounded into office in early 2009 promising to close the facility, signing an executive order to shut it on his second day as president. Later that year, Eric Holder, his attorney-general, announced the alleged 9/11 conspirators would be tried in a federal court in New York. Congress, however, and an uproar in New York, blocked the way. Obama didn’t take up the issue again seriously until about a year ago, restarting the process to send some low-risk detainees home or to third countries, but there is little chance of the camp being emptied and closed by the time he steps down in early 2017.
©AP
President Obama swapped five Guantánamo detainees for Sgt Bowe Bergdahl (Photograph: AP)
The president got a taste of the problems in renewing repatriation of detainees in May, when he agreed to swap five senior Taliban members , held in Guantánamo without charge for more than a decade, for the last remaining American POW in Afghanistan, Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl. Congress growled as it was not consulted beforehand, and the conservative media erupted in fury. The latest outbreak of hostilities in Iraq and Syria, which could create a new anti-US battlefield, may make it more difficult for Obama to sell the case to send more detainees home.
With the collapse of efforts to bring them before courts on shore in the US, at least one issue has been settled, however. The 20-odd detainees who are, or who will go on trial in Guantánamo – the “worst of the worst”, as Dick Cheney, Bush’s vice-president, called them – will face the military commissions. They include the alleged 9/11 conspirators and the alleged bomber of the USS Cole in Yemen in 2000, Abd al-Rahmin al-Nashiri, a 49-year-old Saudi whose trial date has been set for December.
So far, the huge political and financial investment in the commissions has produced little return. After spending more than $5.2bn on the Guantánamo facility in the 12 years until the end of 2013 – at the cost of about $2.7m per annum per detainee, according to the Miami Herald – the commissions have secured a handful of convictions, most of them through plea bargains. The official $5bn-plus figure underestimates the cost of Gitmo, as it does not include the budget for the prison housing the “high-value” detainees such as the alleged 9/11 conspirators. Since it is funded out of the CIA budget, like so much that happens at the base, it is classified.
The fairness of the system is not necessarily what the defence counsel says it is
- Mark Martins, chief prosecutor
The laws governing the commissions have evolved in parallel with the changing political landscape in the US. The Supreme Court invalidated the Bush administration’s first commissions’ plan which afforded the detainees few rights. Congress later passed two laws – in 2006 and 2009 – each time giving greater protections for the defendants.
The commissions’ most articulate advocate is the chief prosecutor, Mark Martins. Appointed in 2011, the lanky brigadier general with a hawk-like demeanour has put his money where his mouth is, eschewing further promotions to commit himself to the job until late 2017. “Where crime leaves the beaten path, the law must be strong enough to follow,” Martins likes to say, quoting Robert Jackson, the chief US prosecutor at the Nuremberg war crimes trials.
Martins exudes resolute determination in patiently explaining the virtues of military commissions and their ability to deliver fair legal outcomes. He is not lacking in erudition. Top of his class at West Point, a Rhodes scholar at Oxford university and a Harvard Law School graduate, he distributes legal papers to buttress his arguments about how evidence gathered on the battlefield is fair game in military courts. “Anglosphere legal systems understandably have a great mistrust of hearsay from the Sir Walter Raleigh trial. Well, we are not falling into the Raleigh trial injustice here,” he says. (Raleigh was accused of treason in a celebrated trial in 1603 by attempting to make Arabella Stuart the Queen.) “The standard of the trial is governed by the Geneva conventions,” he says. “We are trying people in hostilities with us, that we are in armed conflict with, a group that killed more than 3,000 of our citizens and people from more than 90 countries. This idea of sham trials – professional military officers never bought into that. This is not our system.”
©AFP
Brig Gen Mark Martins, chief prosecutor (Photograph: AFP)
Martins’ office sits in a building called the “Crow’s Nest” that overlooks the $12m courthouse built specially for the commissions in 2008 on an abandoned landing strip, lined with weeds growing through cracks in the concrete. When the court is in session about every six weeks or so, portable watch towers which squat on the four corners around the building unfold and rise up like Transformers characters to arch over the site. Snipers take positions on the surrounding roofs.
Guantánamo is already one of the most secure places on earth but nothing is left to chance. After the five 9/11 defendants are delivered to the court, each is placed in separate steel containers where they can meet their lawyers. They walk to the court through a wire mesh corridor, shaded for security with black sniper netting to conceal their presence, and lined with members of a protective “quick reaction force”. Before they enter the court and after they leave, the defendants sit on a chair screening them for metallic objects, either on them or inside them. The chair is called a Boss, which stands for Body Orifice Security Scanner. At every point in their journey – in their supermax prison, their holding cells at the court and in the court itself – are arrows pointing towards Mecca, should they want to pray at any time.
The defence lawyers have battled to establish a rapport with their clients. “One of the thing that torture does is to profoundly affect the ability to trust,” Nevin says of Mohammed. “I think he struggles with accepting the idea that a military court can deliver justice to someone who is said to be an enemy of the country.” Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times, according to a 2005 US Justice Department memo released in 2009, although Jose Rodriguez, who headed the CIA interrogation unit, reckons that was not what broke him in the end. In a book written after he left the agency, Rodriguez said keeping Mohammed awake for as long as 180 hours straight – and then asking him if he wanted a nap – did the trick.
©Reuters
David Nevin, defence lawyer for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, addresses Judge James Pohl from the podium, June 16 2014 (Photograph: Reuters)
“It was the sleep deprivation that finally got him,” he said, adding in a later interview: “It was much kinder than anything he would have done to an American captive, like Danny Pearl .” (Mohammed admitted in custody to personally beheading the Wall Street Journal reporter in 2002 but he has not been charged with the crime.)
Often in trials, the prosecution tries to get evidence in and the defence tries to hide it, but this process has been reversed at Guantánamo. The defence is trying to find out what happened to their clients and the prosecution is blocking access. Hundreds of motions have been litigated, ranging from the treatment of the defendants in US detention and trivial issues surrounding the lawyers. “We had to litigate over the conditions in our office, because it was full of rat faeces and mould,” says Jason Wright, a military lawyer who is also representing Mohammed.
Martins is used to the criticism from the defence and takes it with a large dose of salt. “The defence is a vigilant one; they are clearly under nobody’s thumb,” he says. “But the fairness of the system is not necessarily what the defence counsel says it is.”
. . .
©AP
Hadi al-Iraqi, an alleged senior member of al-Qaeda, listens to charges read out against him, June 18 2014 (Photograph: AP)
There are many ways to measure the endless “war on terror” but detainees have a particular one now. This is their fourth World Cup in custody and the second they have been able to watch. They don’t get it live – it is made available a day later to ensure that nothing subversive seeps through the coverage.
The US military barely acknowledges Camp 7, the facility’s supermax-style facility holding the 9/11 five and other high-value detainees, but the Guantánamo commanders provide the press with a limited tour of Camps 5 and 6, which are modelled on maximum and minimum security prisons in Indiana and Michigan respectively. Talking to detainees is off-limits but guards did allow journalists to look through a one-way glass into one of the indoor living areas flanked by the prisoners’ cells. It was an eerie sight, providing a view with a single fixed camera like a reality TV show, as a few detainees, unaware they were being observed, walked in and out of shot.
One detainee was watching television, laughing and gesturing at the screen as he fiddled with the remote to change channels on a television set encased in a fibre glass box out of physical reach. It was too early in the day for the World Cup and the guards wouldn’t say who the detainees had been supporting.
One camp veteran ventured that they might be getting behind Uruguay. Most countries unconnected to the Middle East don’t want anything to do with taking detainees. Uruguay, however, has agreed to take six.
Richard McGregor is the FT’s Washington bureau chief.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Bidders aim for Club Med listingBidders aim to list Club Med in Hong Kong and Brazil
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/904ff2a2-7fac-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Done Shopping Now It s Time to Book Holiday TravelDone shopping? Now's the time to book holiday travel
Kelli B. Grant CNBC
Email
After last week's big shopping push, there's still one more purchase worth  considering: Travel. Just be sure to factor in winter storms when booking.
Deals abound, whether you're looking to travel home for Christmas or are  planning ahead for an early 2015 getaway. Travel site Kayak found the first  week of December is the best time to book domestic holiday travel, with prices  about 5 percent cheaper than surrounding weeks. Late bookers could see prices  jump by 36 percent over current rates. "Every day you wait from here is going to  be more expensive," said Brian Kelly, founder of ThePointsGuy.com .
PETER FOLEY / EPA
Holiday travelers wait for Amtrak trains, at Penn Station in New York, New York.
The timing coincides with the holiday shopping melee. Airlines, hotels and  booking sites weren't shy about promoting sales for Black Friday or Cyber  Monday—and many of those are still in effect, along with new batches of weekly  and seasonal offers. "The deals are good. They definitely are good," said George  Hobica, founder of deal sites AirfareWatchdog.com and HotelWatchdog.com .
Read More Most-requested  holiday gift isn't the smartest
For example, Fiji Airways has an $899 round-trip special between the island  nation and Los Angeles for early 2015 travel. "That's about $250 less, maybe  even $300, than normal," he said. For domestic fares, Southwest , Virgin America and JetBlue all have sales  this week for travel this month into next spring.
Even if you're not ready to book now, shoppers can take advantage of  airlines' online shopping malls, which often offer bonus deals this time of  year, said Kelly. For example, Macy's , Blue Nile and Kmart are all doubling  promotions to 4 miles per dollar spent through United's Mileage Plus  Shopping. At Delta's SkyMiles Shopping, Famous Footwear has doubled its rate to 8 miles per dollar.
Read More Shopping online  deals? You can do better
Although sale fares tend to sell out fast, take the time to compare offers  and scrutinize terms before you book. "Probably the biggest hiccup are the  blackout dates," said Gabe Saglie, senior editor for deal site Travelzoo . Holiday  travelers may need to book creatively to make the sale dates work. Other deals,  particularly packages, can have tough policies for cancellations and  changes—worth weighing in the face of winter storms. 
Video: Mark Orwoll of Travel & Leisure magazine says families can save money on holiday travel this year by changing the days they fly, choosing airlines that don’t have extra fees, and using social media to find deals and promotions.
Airlines typically waive change fees when bad weather hits, but that could  still leave travelers out money from their hotel, cruise or tour. Maybe even  without a vacation. "The reality is, if we have a limited window of opportunity  to travel to a destination, the fact that they're waiving fees may not help,"  Saglie said.
Read More On a holiday budget?  Beware these 11 retail traps
If cancellation policies are unforgiving and the trip is expensive, it can  help to consider travel insurance. Some credit cards, including a few from Chase and Citibank , even offer to  reimburse cardholders for nonrefundable portions of their trip stemming from a  delayed or canceled flight, said Hobica.
To limit the chance of problems, aim for flights leaving early in the  morning, which are less likely to be delayed or canceled. Nonstop is best, but  if you must book connecting flights, look for stopovers in warm-weather cities,  said Hobica. "Connect through Phoenix or Dallas rather than Chicago in winter,"  he said. "You're less likely to have a misconnect due to weather."  
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Ajith-starrer Yennai Arindhaal teaser creates new recordThe teaser of the Ajith-starrer Yennai Arindhaal has recorded over 2 million hits in 48 hours making it the highest for any South Indian film.
Trisha Krishnan and Anushka Shetty are the female leads in the movie directed by Gautam Vasudev Menon.
“The movie produced by A.M. Rathnam has set new records in the official teaser. The teaser on Sony Music’s YouTube channel has clocked over two million views along with 54,000 likes which makes it highest for any South Indian movie teaser launched so far,” a press release said.
Music director Harris Jayaraj teams up again with Menon after a gap of six years, the earlier one being Vaaranam Aayiram.
The audio release is expected in the coming weeks, the release said.

A new deal for the statesWritten by Shaji Vikraman , Harish Damodaran |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:16 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:33 am
Last week, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, at a civil society interaction in Srinagar, reportedly said that “gone are the days when the Centre would provide money and the states would run the government”. Today, “every state has to stand on its own”.
For states, such kind of sermonising may not be new. But what is striking in this case is that it is coming from the finance minister of a government whose mascot — Prime Minister Narendra Modi — is someone well acquainted with the problems of states, having run one for over 12 years. Jaitley’s comments nevertheless provide an opportunity to examine the fiscal management record of state governments in the recent past, and also comparing this with the Centre’s.
The period from 2003-04 to 2011-12 was a good one for the Indian economy. With gross domestic product (GDP) growing by an average 8.3 per cent a year, tax and non-tax revenue collections surged. As a result, the combined fiscal deficit of the states fell from 4.25 to 1.9 per cent of the GDP, even as their revenue deficit of 2.25 per cent turned into a surplus of 0.3 per cent.
The Centre’s record, on the other hand, was more mixed. While its deficits registered sharp dips between 2002-03 and 2007-08, the period thereafter saw sharp deterioration, so much so that both the fiscal and revenue deficits in 2011-12 were higher than their corresponding levels for 2002-03 (see accompanying charts).
Although the states, too, were hit by the global economic crisis post-2008, their finances did not go as much into the red. They were, at the end of the day, better-off relative to the early 2000s.
States, in short, have generally demonstrated more prudence than New Delhi in managing their finances. While there are outliers — West Bengal and Punjab, in particular — the bulk of them have stayed the course in keeping fiscal deficits below 3 per cent of state GDPs and eliminating revenue deficits, as required under their respective fiscal responsibility and budget management (FRBM) laws. This contrasts with the Centre’s dismal record at meeting its own FRBM commitments.
True, the above improvement in state finances was brought about no less by increased Central transfers. This was thanks to the 12th Finance Commission recommending a 30.5 per cent share for states in net Central taxes effective from 2005-06 (as against the earlier 29.5 per cent), besides overall growth-induced revenue buoyancy.
States further benefited from a scheme formulated by the last NDA government, enabling them to swap some Rs 1,06,000 crore of past Central loans contracted at interest rates of 13 per cent and more with lower-cost small savings and open-market borrowings.

China s yuan looks headed for worst fall since  08You are here: Home > Collections > Currency
Yuan set for worst day in 6 years, Asia FX down
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 11.28AM IST
Tags:
China
(The won got a reprieve on…)
SINGAPORE: China's yuan headed for its worst day in six years on Tuesday, leading losses among emerging Asian currencies, while Northeast Asian units including the South Korean won bucked the trend.
The won got a reprieve on the yen's rebound, which eased concerns over intervention from the Korean foreign exchange authorities worried about the won's loss of competitiveness.
The Chinese yuan earlier lost more than 0.5 percent to breach 6.2000 per dollar, which would be the largest daily loss in its relative value since 2008.
The currency came under pressure from a tumble in local bonds after China's official bond clearing house on Monday clamped down on the corporate bond market. That excluded about 500 billion yuan ($80.7 billion) worth of corporate bonds from being used for bond repurchase agreements.
The renminbi has already been weakening on a slowing Chinese economy , even though the central bank fixed its midpoint stronger.
"Nervousness towards the CNY and CNH in the wake of the latest disappointing trade numbers is also expected to persist in the near term and put a solid floor under USD-Asia," said Emmanuel Ng, a foreign exchange strategist with OCBC Bank , referring to onshore and offshore yuan.
China's November imports unexpectedly fell and export growth eased, data showed on Monday, increasing concerns over a sharp slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.
The yuan's weakness dragged the Singapore dollar lower and limited gains in the Malaysian ringgit.
WON The won gained against the dollar as the yen's strength caused traders to cut bearish bets.
The yen's appreciation eased concerns over intervention by the foreign exchange authorities to check the won's strength against the Japanese currency. South Korea and Japan compete in exports markets for key products such as automobiles.
Against the Japanese currency, the won eased to 9.2334 after hitting a six-year high of 9.1874 on Monday.
The South Korean unit was seen having a chart resistance at 9.2160 and the next level would be 9.0000, analysts said.
TAIWAN DOLLAR The Taiwan dollar rose from Monday's close of 31.285 per U.S. dollar, its weakest since October 2010. Traders said the central bank weakened the currency through last-minute intervention in the previous session.
Local importers took the rebound as chances to buy the greenback for payments on dips, limiting gains in the island's currency around 31.200, traders said.
Exporters and foreign investors stayed on the sidelines.
BAHT Thailand's baht rose as local investors covered short positions on rebounds in regional peers.
Thailand's government bond prices rose with five- and 10-year bond yields down.
Investors hesitated to build big bets on the baht as domestic financial markets will be closed for a holiday on Wednesday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpiceJet skids over 12% post Jhunjhunwala check-inAirports Authority of India
(In a rare case of a Jhunjhunwala-invested…)
MUMBAI: In a rare case of a Rakesh Jhunjhunwala-invested stock going on a free-fall, the ace investor's investment in SpiceJet has depreciated by over 12 per cent within 12 days amid mounting troubles for the cash-strapped budget carrier.
RARE Enterprises of Jhunjhunwala, who has long commanded a reputation in the Indian stock market of buying small stakes in companies with strong growth potential in terms of share price appreciation, purchased 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for Rs 13.4 crore through open market route on November 28.
The shares have been purchased at a time when the no-frills carrier is facing tough business conditions and the situation has only worsened in recent days with cancellation of 70-80 flights a day and a total of over 1,800 flights having been cancelled for the current month alone.
As a result, Spicejet shares have plunged by 12.5 per cent since November 28, despite a rise of 2.62 per cent in today's trading session. The stock today closed at Rs 15.65, as against a price of Rs 17.88 a piece at which Jhunjhunwala had purchased shares amounting to about 1.4 per cent stake.
On the day of Jhunjhunwala's purchase, the SpiceJet shares had surged 18.36 per cent. The plunge in shares in the interim period would be much steeper after excluding the surge on the day of share purchase.
The company has said that "a few parties have approached us and evinced interest in making investments...as the company has been exploring various options for raising fresh capital".
It had also said last month that deliberations with prospective investors were "at an exploratory and preliminary stage". But, there has been no clarity since then on the potential investors.
SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show- cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
Besides, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Union Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Exxon: N America set to be net exporterExxon sees N America as liquid fuels exporter
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fa272e2-7fbc-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abercrombie chief leaves immediatelyAbercrombie & Fitch chief executive leaves ‘immediately’
Elizabeth Paton in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2dbddeac-7fb5-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JPMorgan faces $22bn hole under Fed rulesJPMorgan faces $22bn capital hole under new Fed rules
Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a4fa768-7fd8-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SBI Composite Index signals revival in economySBI Composite Index signals revival in economy
Georgia Power "on the go" with new mobile appGeorgia Power "on the go" with new mobile app
IT incumbents learn to love the cloudBig service providers turn to the cloud
Richard Waters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e09386a-7563-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Financial matters dictate talks on climate changeWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:03 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:47 am
Climate change talks, one would assume, would be driven mainly by environmental concerns. But going by the buzz in Lima, money seems to be an equally big, if not bigger, driver of the way the climate agreement will be shaped. Some, of course, argue that money is the limiting factor and not the driver.
With huge sums of money involved in the kind of actions necessary to effectively deal with climate change, finance has always been an integral part of climate discussions. The order of financial commitments talked about is in tens and hundreds of billions of US dollars per year, sometime even trillions of US dollars.
Only on Friday, a new UN report said the current projected financial costs for adapting to climate change might be a gross underestimate.
The Adaptation Gap report by the UN Environment Programme said the adaptation costs can be at least two to three times higher than the current estimates of about $70-100 billion per year by 2050 even in the best case scenario. It could even reach $500 billion per year by 2050 if adequate steps on cutting greenhouse gas emissions are not taken.
The costs of reducing emissions can be even higher as it has economy-wide impacts. Estimates put that figure in the range of 1 to 2 per cent of global GDP per year under different scenarios. And there are costs associated to a variety of other climate actions as well.
Any talk of climate action, it is evident, is meaningless without huge amounts of money being apportioned for it.
The reason why finance has been dominating discussions at Lima is that for the first time, big money has actually started flowing in climate channels. There is a maze of financial mechanisms through which climate money flows, making exact computations difficult, but some encouraging assessments have come over this week. The most clear is the $10 billion added to the Green Climate Fund, established only recently, in a matter of a few months. It has got everyone excited, even though this money is only a pledge right now and is still to be delivered.
The Secretariat of UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the umbrella agreement under which the climate talks take place, put forward a first of its kind assessment which found that hundreds of billions of dollars in climate finance had already started flowing across the globe. Annual average flows were of the order of $340-650 billion, “possibly higher”, in 2011 and 2012. This included between $40-175 billion in climate support to developing countries from the developed world.
“The good news is that money is not an issue. There is plenty of money out there,” Aliz Mazounie of Climate Action Network, a group of climate non-government organisations, said. She said there was a need to further convert “bad” money, like money being used on subsidies for fossil fuels, into “good” money.
At the 2009 Copenhagen climate meet, developed countries had pledged to mobilise $ 100 billion every year by 2020, through public and private sources, and make it available for poorer nations to use it for their climate actions. These countries still swear by that commitment.
However, the scale, and consistency, of the requirement is such that even all this money might not be enough. Christiana Figueres, the topmost official of the UNFCCC, called the $100 billion pledge as “frankly a very, very small sum”.
“We are talking here about trillions of dollars that need to flow into the transformation at a global level,” she said.
Stefan Schwager, co-chair of the standing committee on finance which put out the assessment on climate finance flows, said it was good to know that the money flows were real and not imagined. “Climate finance flows have always been a little bit of sore spot at the negotiations over the last few years because nobody had a clear figure,” he said.
The sudden availability of money, and the prospect of more money being made available in future, has led countries like India to start making preparations to access this money to fund their climate programmes. The Indian government has already begun an exercise to complete all the necessary formalities early so that when the money does start coming in the Green Climate Fund, for example, it can move fast to access it.
“Why not? If money is being made available and we are entitled to tap into it, we should claim it. There would be requirement of thousands of billions of dollars for our climate action programmes and most of it would have to be raised through domestic resources. If we are able to access some money from other resources we would welcome it,” said Susheel Kumar, the head of the Indian delegation at Lima.
 FUND FACTS
# $9.7 billion in Green Climate Fund till now. Contributors include US ($3 billion), Japan, Canda, Spain, Norway, Germany, Australia and some others.
# $100 billion to be raised per year from 2020 by developed countries
# About $650 billion in climate flows annually in 2011-12
# Up to $175 billion in annual support to developing to developed nations
# Climate money flows through a variety of other bilateral, regional and multi-lateral channels as well like the Global Environment Facility of the World Bank or in the form of Overseas Development Assistance
# As much as $500 billion per year might be required just for adaptation by 2050
# About 80% of the funds used for climate action in developed countries is raised at home. In developing countries this figure is 70%
# About 95% of global climate finance is spent on mitigation, or efforts to reduce emissions. Only 5% is utilised for adaptation.
# Subsidies for oil and gas, and investments in fossil fuels are almost double the total global climate finance

Desi Burger King may spoil global giants India expansionWritten by Shantanu David | New Delhi |
Posted: December 7, 2014 2:30 am
In a battle of the kings, Burger King Restaurants Pvt Ltd, a little-known fast food company that sells pav bhaaji and dabeli out of kiosks and street carts in Silvassa, the capital of the Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli, has taken on global behemoth Burger King Corporation.
The Silvassa-based company that sells only vegetarian fare has held the trade name ‘Burger King’ in India since 1996 and had challenged the Florida-based burger corporation in the Delhi High Court. In an interim order issued last week, the High Court has permitted Burger King Restaurant Pvt. Ltd. to approach the Intellectual Property Appellate Board, Chennai to strike out the trademark name of the US-based Burger King Corporation in India for non-use.
If the Indian company’s suit is successful, Burger King Corporation will not be allowed to use ‘Burger King’ in its name, logos and other properties. The appellate board’s decision is expected in three months.
Burger King Corporation, which was set up in the US in 1954 and made its much-anticipated entry into the Indian market this year, opening its first outlet in Delhi on November 9, owned its trade name for 35 years in India but since it had not set up operations here till last month, the Indian company was granted the name in 1996.
According to sources, the American multinational had approached the Indian company for talks in 2008 but they were subsequently put on hold.  This August, before its arrival in India, the MNC had reportedly sent out legal notices to a number of companies in India that had the names ‘Burger’ and ‘King’. The Silvassa-based company was one of whom it had allegedly asked to surrender its rights to the name ‘Burger King’ citing trademark violations. The company responded by filing a claim in court.
Meanwhile, both companies have big plans for expansion. Burger King Corporation, which has over 12,000 outlets in 100 countries, has plans to follow its Delhi debut by opening 10 more outlets across the country this year. Meanwhile, Burger King Restaurants plans to step out of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and take its franchise across Maharashtra, Gujarat and Delhi-NCR.

Chris Hughes Lashes Out At Former  New Republic  Staffersreddit
'New Republic' owner Chris Hughes spoke out on Sunday about the recent mass exodus of dozens of the magazine's writers and editors.
Over 50 'New Republic' staffers and contributors stepped down this week after word got out that Hughes and CEO Guy Vidra were in talks to replace top editor Franklin Foer with former Atlantic Wire editor Gabriel Snyder. Foer and storied literary critic Leon Wieseltier resigned on Thursday in light of this news, with senior editors such as Jonathan Cohn and Julie Ioffe and contributing editors like The New Yorker's Ryan Lizza and New York Magazine's Jonathan Chait following suit.
Hughes lashed out at the departing journalists in a Washington Post op-ed .
"Former editors and writers who claim in an open letter that the New Republic should not be a business would prefer an institution that looks backward more often than forward and does not challenge itself to experiment with new business models and new ways to tell important stories," he wrote. "If you really care about an institution and want to make it strong for the ages, you don’t walk out. You roll up your sleeves, you redouble your commitment to those ideals in a changing world, and you fight. This 100-year-old story is worth fighting for."
Still, Hughes said that he "was sad to see them go and regret much of how it happened."
Hughes and Vidra riled members of the media on Thursday when they announced their place to rebrand the magazine as a "vertically integrated digital media company." They also revealed that they would be reducing the number of yearly issues published from 20 to 10. In a statement provided to HuffPost on Friday, a group of former editors and writers said:
The New Republic cannot be merely a “brand.” It has never been and cannot be a “media company” that markets “content.” Its essays, criticism, reportage, and poetry are not “product.” It is not, or not primarily, a business. It is a voice, even a cause. It has lasted through numerous transformations of the “media landscape”—transformations that, far from rendering its work obsolete, have made that work ever more valuable.
The New Republic is a kind of public trust. That is something all its previous owners and publishers understood and respected. The legacy has now been trashed, the trust violated.
The magazine cancelled its December issue in light of the shakeup. According to the New York Times, several writers have asked that their work be pulled from the next issue.
More:

Cheap oil and strategic reservesUpdated: December 7, 2014 22:22 IST
Cheap oil and strategic reserves
Raghuvir Srinivasan
Tweet
Reuters
The Bryan Mound strategic petroleum reserve in Texas, one of four such storage facilities in the U.S. File photo
TOPICS
energy and resource
The government should capitalise on current low prices to enhance energy security
The sharp slide in global crude oil prices has raised the spirits of the country’s policymakers. Sticky economic problems ranging from ballooning subsidies to unbridled inflation have all been solved by the 40 per cent fall in Brent crude prices between June and now. The cheaper oil prices now present an opportunity for the government to reform and revamp the energy sector; it is also an excellent chance to build up our strategic storage, which is now next to nil. India relies on imports for almost 80 per cent of its oil needs.
To provide a bit of background, India had conceived of a strategic petroleum reserve as far back as in the late 1990s and after several committees and studies, the project to build a strategic storage for crude oil was given the go ahead early in 2004 by the NDA government. The plan was to build storage capacities in three places — Mangaluru and Padur (near Mangaluru) on the west coast and Visakhapatnam on the east. With a total capacity of 5 million tonnes, this storage was estimated to cover two weeks’ requirements. A special purpose vehicle — Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserves Ltd. (ISPR) — was floated under the Oil Industry Development Board to implement the project. So far, so good.
The problem started when the UPA government, which assumed office soon after, decided to review the strategic storage plan and precious time was wasted in further studies by the Planning Commission. To cut a long story short, a decade after the project was initiated, not one of the three planned storages has been completed till now. Costs have, meanwhile, escalated and the opportunity to secure the country’s energy supplies has been squandered.
Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan announced in Parliament in August that the first of the three, at Vizag, will be ready for filling by the end of this year with the other two expected to be ready by mid-2015. Taking the strategy forward — and rightly so — Mr. Pradhan has said that four more strategic storages would be built in Bikaner, Rajkot, Padur and Chandikhole in Odisha. These will have a combined capacity of 12.5 million tonnes and take the storage to 90 days’ equivalent of consumption by 2020. This is in addition to commercial storage of crude and petroleum products of about 30 million tonnes (about 70 days’ needs) available with the oil companies at any given point in time.
It is heartening to see that the strategic storage idea is receiving fresh attention under the new government. Yet, the challenge of implementation is stiff. These storages are built in underground natural rock caverns through excavation. Funding and building these caverns is a relatively easier challenge than filling them up. Remember, the oil stored in these reserves will be stocked and not consumed which means that the cost of financing will be huge. Only the government can conceivably fund this storage as there is unlikely to be a viable commercial model for private developers to exploit.
This is where the falling oil prices come in. The cost of filling up these caverns is 40 per cent lower now at $68-70 a barrel compared to just six months ago when Brent crude averaged $115 a barrel. If the project had not been delayed, the country could have benefited by filling up the caverns now at the prevailing cheaper prices. But the opportunity is not lost yet. If analysts and experts are to be believed, the low oil price regime is projected to continue well into the next calendar year. With demand well short of supply and the OPEC in no mood to cut back on output, oil prices appear headed further south. A recent study by consultancy IHS of new shale oil producing wells in the U.S. shows that they will be competitive even at oil prices as low as $55 a barrel which means that this will be the new base for the market to test.
The government still has the window to exploit if it is able to complete the ongoing three storage projects expeditiously and starts filling them up. But the wall that it will run into is: how to fund the crude oil purchase? A quick calculation will show that filling up the entire 5.3 million tonnes capacity at current prices will cost about $2.73 billion.
That is but a fraction of the $143 billion that the country spent on oil imports in 2013-14.
Yet, how does one fund this? And what about the upcoming four new storages that are being planned which will mean another 12.5 million tonnes of crude oil? That will cost another $6.43 billion at current prices.
Innovative thinking will help
This is where some innovative thinking will help. With supply running well ahead of demand in the global oil markets and producers, notably OPEC countries, reluctant to turn off their taps, the capability to store crude oil will be an important factor in determining the resilience of oil producers in riding out the current price slump.
There have been instances in the recent past when some producers such as Iran commissioned very large crude carriers (VLCC) to act as floating storage to ride out temporary market difficulties.
With some shrewd thinking, the government can strike a deal with one or more oil producers on mutually beneficial terms to offer the newly built caverns for storage. Indeed, Mr. Pradhan did recently hint of such a thought in government when he said that a part of the storage capacity could be leased out to a couple of Gulf producers.
In addition to this, the government could weigh a special cess on petrol and diesel or impose a small import duty of 5 per cent on crude oil to fund the reserve build-up. This is easy to do in the current environment of soft prices without inflicting pain on consumers.
To be sure, building up the reserves is not an exercise that can be completed tomorrow. The United States built up its 727 million barrels of strategic reserve gradually over two decades.
China, which boasts of 170 million barrels of strategic reserve, has been at the exercise for a decade now and is expanding it further. What is required though is planning and shrewd execution. The present low oil price regime presents the government with an excellent opportunity that should not be missed.
raghuvir.s@thehindu.co.in

Oops! SpiceJet ignores aviation regulator s orderTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Investors call for transparent laws to regulate taxi services across IndiaInvestors call for transparent laws to regulate taxi services across India
Priyanka Pani
Say that ban will risk the livelihoods of thousands of micro-entrepreneurs
Mumbai, December 9:  
At a time, when the Centre is mulling a nationwide ban on all application-based taxi services in India, the public, industry experts and investors in a few of these app-based service providers feel that the Government should come out with “clear and transparent laws and create a level-playing field for all”.
The Union Home Ministry has advised all States and Union Territories in the country to ban all app-based taxi services, such as Uber, Ola, Taxiforsure and Bookmycab, until they secure a licence from the respective governments. However, it also clarified that the ban was temporary and would be lifted as and when a proper regulatory framework was in place.  
“I think the Government is sensible and will do the right thing as opposed to a knee-jerk reaction,” said Anupam Mittal, founder of People Group, which has ventures such as Shaadi.com. He is an investor in about 45 tech-based start-ups, including OlaCabs.
Uber has allegedly violated a clause that says that in Delhi only all-India tourist vehicles are exempt from running on clean fuel and not city taxis.
It is also said to have failed to seek permission from the Delhi transport department before starting services and was plying taxis with all-India permits, which can’t be used for point-to-point pick-ups or drops.
Industry experts, meanwhile, are of the view that these players are mere aggregators and hence do not require transport licenses while vendors/drivers signed up on the platform need to have them.
“These are like any other travel agents, phone directory service or any other hotel concierge service. For this, a hotel doesn’t require a transport licence. Similarly, the food-ordering apps do not require a restaurant licence,” said Rehan Yar Khan, Founder of venture capital firm Orios Venture Partner, which is an investor in Bangalore-based Olacabs.
“You can’t ban travel portals if something wrong happens with any flight. Similarly, these drivers and cabs signed up with Uber are all tourist vehicles with proper licences,” he added.
Khan pointed out that such bans risk the livelihood of thousands of micro-entrepreneurs, who might have taken loans to buy vehicles and be part of these service providers.
Ola has 30,000 cab drivers signed up on its platform, while Taxiforsure has a similar number with operations across 18 cities in the country.
“These app-based players are just providing travel-related services on a digital platform. The government must first get the authorities up to date with technology. The world is changing faster and lame authorities are adding no value to India's growth,” stated Paritosh Sharma, another investor and entrepreneur.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

 Handout . / Reuters / REUTERS handout . / reuters / reuters
Lombard on Tesco: big shop of horrors© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a92f92ea-7f80-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lex on Chinese brokers: doubling up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5df2c8f0-7f7c-11e4-86ee-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The stories of Kashmir: Will a record turnout in recent polls change anythingJ&K Polls
(Walking through a thick…)
Amid historic turnouts and PM Modi's first political rally in Srinagar, life for the ordinary Kashmiri hasn't changed much. Walking through a thick fog of despair, Kashmiris are still looking for a destination that will provide them some comfort and succour. ET gets you the inside glimpses into life as it dwells in the valley:
Has God's vintage loneliness turned to vinegar?
NAINA DAR, a teacher. A Pandit whose family never left the valley
She is 26 and she feels desolate, residing in a village 20 km from Srinagar. When the troubles broke out, her father's uncle just refused to leave their ancestral house and migrate. So, they are still there - representing a community that left, bag and baggage, the valley 25 years ago.
I miss them, she says. There is a deep loneliness I feel sometimes. Her voice quivers a bit. Muslims have never troubled us, she says, and I have many Muslim friends. She teaches at a private school and her students are all Muslims. Outside, as people line up to cast their vote, Naina says it is all a sham. People are disenchanted; they are fed up. They want azaadi, she says. So much military, so many guns, so much fear, so much anxiety. What will she do if there is azaadi?
Then, she says in a voice full of emotion, India. What else? Although she hates India. Because India and its callous authorities didn't do anything when her father went missing. And he has been gone for more than 3 years. Just vanished. No one knows where. He had, her eyes here tearing up a bit, gone to Jammu to get his slice of the package the government had announced for the Kashmiri Pandits. He never came back. He became a package, of documents and evidences Naina still carries in the hope of meeting her father.
Her brother, she says, works in Jammu. He was depressed for a long time after their father disappeared. Naina knows her deep links to the valley will eventually be cut off through the knot of marriage. There are no pandits here, she says, a shy smile forming on her lips. If I get married, I will have to go out. Until then, Naina lives among Muslims, her Kashmiriyat and her determination a symbol of hope. Many would call the hope vague, but it still gives meaning to Naina's life.
From windows we hear grieving mothers, and snow begins to fall on us, like ash
HARMEET SINGH, SP, East Srinagar
His iPhone6 keeps constantly ringing and once he controls his irritation, he guffaws into it. Solidly built with an easy manner, Harmeet Singh's chamber is cavernous and zealously guarded, and he sits beneath a black wooden board that displays the names of his illustrious predecessors in pale yellow lettering.
Singh, a Kashmiri Sikh from militant-infested Tral, is the superintendent of police, east Srinagar. He is comfortable in many languages of the region and sometimes, amid beaming smiles, lets in an imprecation or two in colourful Punjabi. Kashmir is a conflict zone, he says, and the police have to take care, always.
Being a Sikh, he has never faced any problem in the valley, and he has been posted to all the hotspots. Kashmir now has the problem of quality, not quantity, militancy. We have got smarter in pursuing them; the militants, too, have got smarter in escaping our constant vigil and hiding themselves well.
Making plans for the prime minister's rally, Singh says, the police are bound tightly by the rules and can't go beyond a point. Politicians, he says, have to demonstrate the will to rehabilitate militants. There is deep anguish and much anger against the establishment and political parties haven't done enough to assuage the despair of the people. Singh, who has struck down 300 militants in his 10-year career, says the valley's troubles will continue because the resentments are many. Even a small protest about bijli-paani-sadak, he says, easily devolves into insistent demands for azaadi.
In a persistently bleak anti-establishment scenario, Singh continues to serve the establishment with affability that is momentarily broken only when his other phone starts trilling.
In this country we step out with doors in our arms. Children run out with windows in their arms
MOHAMMED WAHEED
In his red uniform, he is fidgety and avoids eye contact. Crumpled trousers and soiled shoes tell a straight story of poverty. His name is Mohammed Waheed and he is just 19, but at times he has to work 24x7. Nervous, polite and shy, his passion for azaadi is undimmed.
He wants it and so do many of his young friends in Tangmarg. My elders, he says without much nuance, say Modi will withdraw Article 370 and Indians will buy out Kashmir. He hasn't figured out how this will work, but he is convinced Team Modi wants to snatch azaadi away from him and his friends.

Apple Trial May Have New PlaintiffIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

iPhone maker Faxconn keen on Nokia s Chennai...You are here: Home > Collections > Micromax
With plans to invest $2 billion in India, iPhone maker Foxconn keen on Nokia's Chennai plant
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(The telecom & IT ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Foxconn, which makes iPhones and iPads for Apple and the Kindle for Amazon, has emerged as a possible buyer for Nokia's defunct Chennai factory as the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer looks to invest around $2 billion in India. This comes within weeks of fast-growing domestic handset maker Lava being reported to be interested in acquiring the plant, once the world's biggest phone-making facility.
In a related development, the telecom and IT ministry has proposed to the revenue department that Nokia be allowed to sell the plant, currently frozen in a tax dispute, without passing on the legal liability to the buyer, people familiar with the matter told ET.
"The proceeds from the sale (of the plant) could be deposited into an escrow account, which, upon the final court ruling, can go to the winner," a senior government official told ET. "The current dispute, as it stands, is lose-lose for both parties. Nokia can't sell, but if the plant and machinery goes to waste, the tax department will also not be able generate anything out of it."
He was referring to the dispute, now in court, between Nokia and the government that prevented the Finnish company from transferring the factory to Microsoft as part of a global $7.2-billion deal to sell its devices business to the US company. The factory closed after Microsoft decided to stop using it from November 1 as a contract manufacturer for its devices, putting thousands out of work.
The telecom and IT ministry has already held discussions with the revenue department on the matter, the official added. Foxconn is looking at investing around $2 billion in India, which would include the plant, according to people familiar with the matter. "What makes Foxconn's investment plans even stronger is that one of its chief Indian clients, Micromax, is believed to have expressed its intention of sourcing as much as 25% of production if Foxconn were to take over the plant," one of them said.
Micromax's current lineup of handsets is made by Foxconn, mostly in mainland China. Moreover, Foxconn's unit that was serving as a vendor to the Nokia plant has been hit by its closure. A purchase by Foxconn could see this unit get a new lease of life, possibly re-employing many who were forced to retire or got laid off, the people said. Foxconn India mainly made mobile phone panels for Nokia India and set up shop in the Special Economic Zone near Chennai about eight years ago.
Apart from Apple and Amazon, Foxconn's clients include brands such as Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Microsoft's Xbox. Foxconn didn't respond to ET's emailed queries while Micromax refused to comment on "speculations". "We don't comment on market speculations. However, we will definitively consider any options that subscribe to Make in India opportunities," said a spokesperson for Micromax. Nokia confirmed it had been approached by parties interested in buying the Chennai facility.
"But due to confidentiality reasons we will not comment further on this topic," a spokesperson said in an email.
A deal to sell the plant, once regarded as a showpiece of India's manufacturing capabilities, to Foxconn will act as a boost for the government's Make in India initiative. "We are trying to promote India as an electronics manufacturing hub and the Chennai plant is a great opportunity for us to leverage," said the official cited above.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Candy Crush temptationWe’ve all been tempted to play Candy Crush in meetings
Lisa Pollack
Games are a natural workplace survival tool
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b2ec0e8-7ee8-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber backlash: Banning taxi cos is passing the buck | Why not to ban | CoverageTweet
According to the Delhi Transport Department, there are about 4,400 cars in the national capital, which experts say is too small a number to serve a 25 million population.
BENGALURU/NEW DELHI: The government's response to the alleged rape of a woman in an Uber cab has been dramatic, some would say typically ham-handed. Many, including at least one Cabinet minister, think the move to ban taxi aggregators doesn't address the main issue -- safety of women, and not necessarily the legality or otherwise of such services.
The taxi business has been transformed over the past few years, starting with radio taxi operators such as Meru, Tab Cabs and Megacabs that began as fleet owners employing drivers. They then moved to a subscription fee system, where drivers need to pay a fixed amount each day. On the other hand, the aggregators work on a commission-based model.
Also Read: 5 reasons why banning taxi companies may not be a good idea
"Our response has always been to stop things. So, are we now saying that the state can no longer provide security, but private establishments are the ones that have to?" said Rehan yar Khan, managing partner of Orios Venture Partners, and an existing investor in aggregator Olacabs. "This is what happened in the eBay case many years ago. There was a new technology, which no one understood. Why are we passing on the buck to private establishments?" he said.
Cab drivers are keen on signing up with aggregators. "The drivers are happy with the new system as it is transparent and they get bookings based on their nearest location," said Jaspal Singh, cofounder of Valoriser Consultants, which provides market research for transportation services. The Delhi government's attempt to participate in the system did not succeed. "In the last seven years, just 14 companies have registered and of that eight have shut as they failed to induct 500 cabs," Singh said.
According to the Delhi Transport Department, there are about 4,400 cars in the national capital, which experts say is too small a number to serve a 25 million population. The aggregators found a market ready to be tapped, with apps that made things much easier for users. "I rely on my Uber and Ola taxi apps to book cabs everyday--to work, parties, chores everything. They are much more convenient and cheaper than radio taxis," said a user in Mumbai. A Delhi-based lawyer said that in terms of price, quality and customer service, the taxi-hailing apps have done a much better job than traditional radio taxi companies— newer cars, faster response times and easier payment methods.
The critical flaw was, of course, safety. "In theory, a company like Uber should be safer for the consumer than options like autos and regular taxis since you know the exact driver who will pick you up and their photo," said Kartik Hosanagar, professor of ecommerce at The Wharton School of Business. Now that this has proven illusory, what could be the solution? Industry experts don't make much of a ban, they say a stricter regulatory framework needs to be in place. That and better use of technology.
"Additional technologies such as dashboard cameras may be needed to instil security among passengers, especially women," said Sunil Wattal, professor at Temple University, US. "The government, on its part, should mandate these measures for all cab operators." Singh of Valoriser said entering a destination should be made mandatory.
"The system will capture the information to create a route plan. In case of any unauthorised deviation, the system should generate an alert, and the call centre executive should call the driver to check this deviation," he said, adding that there should also be a feature for riders to share trip details with a trusted person for additional security, a feature that some aggregators and radio taxi services already offer.
Cab companies should also collaborate to build a database of blacklisted drivers. "It would create fear in the mind of drivers losing employment permanently if they indulge in any unlawful activities. It would also help companies to hire only good drivers," said Singh. To be sure, the aggregators need to shoulder their share of the responsibility for the current situation. As innovators, they should have sought to make sure that the regulatory system was updated in lockstep. "They never tried to approach the government to recognise the service. They assumed that things will never go wrong and it is good to have no law. This approach was very incorrect," said Singh.
This global strategy, which the company seemed to uphold as a virtue, is perhaps one reason why Uber is facing the ferocity of local administrations all over the world now. It can't be denied that this also allowed it to expand at a phenomenal rate, earning a valuation of as much as $40 billion. But now the company is facing court cases, investigations and bans in Germany, the Netherlands, the US, Brazil, Thailand, Canada and India.
Uber has said it will appeal against the ban imposed by the Delhi government. It has to--India has become its leading market outside North America. The country offers massive potential for online and mobile-based ride-hailing ventures and the market is currently valued by the industry at about $14 billion. There's no doubt that the aggregators have met a badly felt need.
"Fundamentally we have been slow to modernize public taxis. Cab aggregators like Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure are disruptive in being able to enable a quantam leap in services that is available to public," said Prahlad Tanwar, director of transport and logistics at KPMG.
With such apps opening up the market, technology enabled ride-sharing or car-pooling services are entering India. ZoomCar, which got Rs 48 crore from Sequoia Capital, allows users to rent cars by the hour or day. Another startup that entered the country is Rocket Internet-backed ride-sharing service Tripda, which allows passengers to car pool over long-distance.
"There is a lot of excitement around how technology apps can help in aggregation of freight or cargo. This has been a long-standing issue in India--of there not being a common platform or a fleet exchange," said Tanwar. Some experts hope that once emotions settle down, the government takes a more considered view. "Hopefully, better sense will eventually prevail and they will take a more holistic look at the situation," said a venture capital investor with a portfolio company in the space.

Data Centre Africa 2015Data Centre Africa 2015
Shares fall on weaker oil  China losses; S&P steadiesShares fall on weaker oil  China losses; S&P steadies
Current account deficit widens to $10.1 billion in second quarterCurrent account deficit widens to $10.1 billion in second quarter
Futile boycott of Chinas bankDecember 9, 2014 5:06 pm
A futile boycott of China’s bank will not push Xi out of his back yard
Yoichi Funabashi
The US and Japan should engage with the AIIB while they still can, writes Yoichi Funabashi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afd39842-6c18-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HBO Taps Outside Help For StreamingHBO Taps Outside Help For Streaming
Registration must for brokerages  analysts  says market regulator SebiRegistration must for brokerages  analysts  says market regulator Sebi
Police probe China shadow bank collapse© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82ac1f0e-7ac0-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan polls point to Abe party landslidePolls point to landslide victory for Abe’s party in Japan vote
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21c03be6-7b81-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber banned in New DelhiUber banned in New Delhi after sexual assault allegations
Amy Kazmin — New Delhi, Sarah Mishkin — San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f2cee3c-7ef8-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India rape claim puts Uber on defensiveIndia rape claim puts Uber on defensive
Avantika Chilkoti — Mumbai, Amy Kazmin — New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/190ca268-7ee3-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shanghai Composite swings to 5% lossShanghai Composite swings to 5% loss
Patrick McGee
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c273e0a-7f7a-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former chairman of Indias Satyam jailedFormer chairman of India IT group Satyam jailed
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78b5a434-7f6b-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Identifying problems before they occur is key on M&A dealsIdentifying problems before they occur is key when advising on complex M&A deals
By Jeremy Grant
©Martin O’Neill
There can be few law firms that would enthusiastically take on the job of advising on one of the biggest corporate mergers in a country’s history, knowing that one of the two companies involved was facing multiple court actions following a fraud scandal that made headlines around the world.
But that is what Indian law firm AZB & Partners set about doing when it agreed to undertake the advisory work for a tie-up between Mahindra Satyam and Tech Mahindra , the information technology arm of Mahindra & Mahindra .
In 2009 Satyam Computer Services, then one of India’s largest IT groups, shot to prominence after its founder-chairman B Ramalinga Raju wrote to the board confessing to having manipulated the company’s accounts over several years in a fraud worth more than $1bn. The company was subsequently taken over by Mahindra Group and renamed Mahindra Satyam.
Three years later Tech Mahindra and Mahindra Satyam announced a merger, which was completed in about 14 months – but not without the deal being challenged on multiple occasions, including by creditors to Satyam, and minority shareholders.
Abhijit Joshi, the lead partner on the deal and chief executive of AZB & Partners, explains that while most mergers in India come under scrutiny in court, this one was “a potentially dynamite situation”, given that Satyam faced so many legal proceedings against it.
To deal with this, the firm created a “war room” where lawyers were tasked with projecting and working through every scenario they could come up with.
More
Helping define the rules for corporate engagement
“The trick was to anticipate,” says Mr Joshi, adding that company directors were regularly kept abreast of possible developments. “It’s like preparing passengers for turbulent weather if you are a pilot,” he says.
At one point the deal was almost put into suspended animation after the High Court in Andhra Pradesh ordered fresh scrutiny of Saytam’s accounts by an independent auditor. Once that report had been filed, 37 entities filed a petition questioning its validity, resulting in a legal battle that went all the way to the Supreme Court.
The merger was eventually cleared by the courts without a single judgment against it, which Mr Joshi calls “a thumping victory on all counts”.
Anticipation was an approach that also helped two law firms in Singapore as they worked on what was the largest, and certainly the most complex, mergers and acquisition deal in recent southeast Asian history – and one that illustrates the international-class work being done by Asia-Pacific firms
The battle was for Fraser & Neave, a drinks, property and printing conglomerate that traces its roots to Asia’s first carbonated water business, founded by two Scots in Singapore in the 19th century.
What had started in 2012 as a bid by Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, a Thai billionaire and son of a Bangkok street vendor, for Asia Pacific Breweries , the Singapore-based maker of Tiger beer, had six months later become a highly complex M&A battle involving the Riady family in Indonesia.
Although his opponent in the bid for APB, Dutch brewer Heineken , eventually won control in an auction, Mr Charoen then made an audacious S$8.88-a-share bid for the whole of F&N – a sum notable for the choice of numbers, which is considered lucky in Chinese culture. The move transfixed M&A-watchers in Singapore.
Mr Charoen used numerous different vehicles in a multi-pronged approach that at times was hard to follow, not helped by late-night announcements by the protagonists.
Ng Wai King, joint managing partner at WongPartnership, which acted for Mr Charoen, says he had not seen a transaction like it.
“The most difficult thing was the time pressure to react to the different changes around us,” he says.
“But you work off the regulatory framework and you say, ‘Here are the possible options available to you,’ and you work out what happens if you do it this way or another way, and what the outcomes would be.”
Mr Charoen’s bid for F&N ultimately triggered a counterbid from Overseas Union Enterprise, controlled by Stephen Riady, in effect pitting two of southeast Asia’s business tycoons against each other for control of one of Singapore’s best-known corporate names. F&N was attractive to OUE because its property businesses – ranging from serviced apartments in London’s South Kensington to the Centrepoint shopping malls in Singapore – appeared undervalued.
As part of its bid, OUE joined forces with Japan’s Kirin drinks group in a deal under which OUE would support an offer by Kirin for F&N’s soft drinks business, which includes the Fruit Tree and Seasons brands in Malaysia and Singapore. However, Kirin’s ability to secure F&N’s soft drinks business was ultimately complicated by a “fairness opinion” published by JPMorgan, acting as independent adviser to F&N.
In that it said Kirin’s planned offer was “fair but not reasonable”. That removed an obligation on the part of OUE to support the offer, handing the lawyers yet more complexity.
Ralph Lim, co-head of M&A at Drew & Napier, which acted for OUE, says there were a number of innovative elements in the Kirin set-up, including the “off-take” arrangements between OUE Baytown and Kirin in connection with the possible acceptance by Kirin of OUE Baytown’s offer over that of Mr Charoen’s.
“This was the first time such a structure has been seen in a public takeover in Singapore,” he says. “[It] was complex in its structuring given the takeover timelines to be adhered to and the various regulatory approvals required.”
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Shanghai suffers biggest fall in 5 yearsShanghai stocks suffer sharpest fall in five years
Jennifer Hughes and Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95372ce6-7f79-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese brokers  doubling up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5df2c8f0-7f7c-11e4-86ee-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex gets Shanghai blues; below 28KYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex gets Shanghai blues; breaks below 28000, down 322 points
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 03.53PM IST
Tags:
corporate bonds
(Sensex finally closed at…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 356 points in trade on Tuesday, after a sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India.
The Nifty slipped below its crucial psychological support level 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows. The S&P BSE Sensex also slipped below its crucial support level of 28000 in trade today, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC and ICICI Bank.
Shanghai shares (SSE Composite index) posted their biggest one-day percentage fall in five years (since 2009), down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27, on news that China's securities clearing house had tightened the use of corporate bonds as collateral for short-term financing.
The S&P BSE Sensex finally closed at 27,797.01; down 322.39 points or 1.15 per cent. It hit a low of 27,763.82 and a high of 28,157.53 in trade today.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8,340.70, down 97.55 points or 1.16 per cent. It hit a low of 8330.50 and a high of 8444.50 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index closed 1.57 per cent lower and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.59 per cent.
Analysts' at top brokerage firms are of the view that there could be further weakness in global as well as domestic markets, but those dips should be used to go long or buy stocks at lower levels, because the broader trend still remains intact.
"The market had been waiting for a correction and there could be further dip as far as markets are concerned given whatever is happening in the global markets," says Nipun Mehta, Founder & CEO, Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"There are some concerns that are coming out of announcements maybe let's say in China or Europe to whatever extent that is there. So those kind of dips will come about but clearly, they will preset opportunities to buy," he adds.
Sesa Sterlite (5.1 per cent), Bharti Airtel (4.2 per cent), Tata Power (4.1 per cent), ONGC (4.4 per cent) and NTPC (3.5 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.4 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.19 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.08 per cent), TCS (up 0.08 per cent) and NMDC (up 0.07 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A boycott of Chinas bank is futileDecember 9, 2014 5:06 pm
A futile boycott of China’s bank will not push Xi out of his back yard
Yoichi Funabashi
The US and Japan should engage with the AIIB while they still can, writes Yoichi Funabashi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afd39842-6c18-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

High Court relief to mobile phone service providersUpdated: December 10, 2014 04:34 IST
Exclusive
High Court relief to mobile phone service providers
Krishnaprasad
High Court of Karnataka. File photo
‘Mobile phone service providers not liable to deduct tax at source on discount given to distributors’
In a relief to mobile phone service providers, the High Court of Karnataka has ruled that they are not liable to deduct tax at source on the discount given to distributors while supplying them in bulk pre-paid cards and related starter kits and recharge vouchers.
A Division Bench comprising Justice N. Kumar and Justice B. Manohar delivered the verdict while allowing the pleas of Bharti Airtel, Vodafone South Ltd., and Tata Teleservices Ltd.
The companies had questioned the demand made by the Income-Tax Department for payment of tax and orders of the appellate authority and the tribunal upholding such demands.
The department had claimed that there was a “principal and agent” relationship between the service provider and the distributors/channel partners and, therefore, discount made to the latter was a commission, which was liable for deduction of tax at source under Section 194H of the I-T Act. The mobile phone service providers were directed to pay a few crore rupees as tax along with penalty for not having deducted tax at source.
The department had claimed that the service providers were selling pre-paid cards having maximum retail price of Rs. 100 at Rs. 80 to the distributors and hence Rs. 20 was commission.
However, on analysing the agreements between the service providers and the distributors, the court observed that “there is no relationship of principal and agent”. On the contrary, it was expressly stated in the agreements that the relationship was that of “principal to principal.”
“What is given by the assessees [mobile service providers] to their distributors/channel partners is a trade discount. It is not commission,” the court declared while pointing out that the distributors have to pay consideration for the products supplied to them and it was treated as “sale consideration”.
“The difference between the sale price to retailer and the price which the distributor pays to the service providers is his income from business. It cannot be categorised as commission [attracting tax]...,” the court said.

Koreas chaebol under dividend pressureJanuary 21, 2013 1:55 pm
Korea’s chaebol under dividend pressure
By Simon Mundy and Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee002b48-48da-11e2-b94d-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber rape claim shows attitudes in IndiaUber rape allegation exposes the dangers faced by India women
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62c41a54-7f96-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia and India have bilateral trade potential: PutinRussia and India have bilateral trade potential: Putin
Uber ban setback for taxi app investorsUber ban setback for taxi app investors
RIL forms JV with Chinese coRIL forms JV with Chinese co
Markets track China selloff  fall for third consecutive dayMarkets track China selloff  fall for third consecutive day
Jaitley promises fair  transparent business environmentNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 13:25 IST
Jaitley promises fair, transparent business environment
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley during the opening session of the India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
The Hindu
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley with Klaus Schwab, Founder and Executive Chairman, World Economic Forum during the opening session of the India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
economy (general)
"You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation is one bad idea that damaged the economy," Mr. Jaitley said.
Committing to more reforms and eliminating corruption, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said steps taken by the new government were aimed at creating fair and transparent business environment and ending crony capitalism.
The government was also looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws, the Minister said, while adding that the reforms can’t be just “one sensational idea.”
“You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation is one bad idea that damaged the economy,” Mr. Jaitley said while speaking at the India Economic Summit here.
Recalling the steps taken by the NDA government to deal with coal block allocation problems, Mr. Jaitley said, as a result “the element of discretion in the hands of the state has almost disappeared and hence once you take decision of these kinds (it will) eliminate the possibility of corruption, collateral consideration or crony capitalism as you call it.”
The investors, he added, could look for a system “which is fair. Not a system on which they have to entirely depend on the largesse of politicians and ministers.”
Similar reforms, he said, would be undertaken for allocation of natural resources and other minerals.
Reforms, Mr. Jaitley said, “is a long journey. Some people expect that the second generation of reforms in India really needs one or two big bang ideas that probably is not the answer.”
The Minister said that merely undoing wrongs of past would not cure all our problems. “So we began on a journey and I believe that the pit was reasonably deep. And therefore rectifying it will require a lot of time.”
The Summit is being organised by Geneva-based World Economic Forum (WEF) and industry chamber CII.

Gadkari sets high road-building targetcivic infrastructure
Criticises courts for rulings which cannot be executed
The Union Minister for Road Transport, Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday said the government has set a target of increasing road-building capacity to 30 km a day from a dismal three km a day at present.
Addressing the India Economic Summit organised by WEF and CIIE here, he emphasised the need to have an integrated approach for the country’s transport system, he said the government was working on a uniform multi-modal transport policy that would cover road and sea ways among others.
On the woes faced by the country’s infrastructure sector, Mr. Gadkari said efforts are being made to convert problems into opportunities. He admitted that land acquisition and environmental and forest clearances remained big hurdles and criticised the courts for passing “impracticable” rulings and the media for hyping up minor opposition to infrastructure projects, and asserted that India needs to create jobs and spur economic growth as much as it needs to preserve the environment.
Certain directives of the courts are difficult to execute, he said. “I am telling you the truth. Suppose, someone wants to run a government, the process is simple. You have to fight elections ... but a media house or judiciary cannot take charge of administration. I am sorry to say in many cases, the way in which decisions are given by the courts, it is difficult to execute,” he said.
“I have respect for the judiciary, I have respect for judges but at the same time this poor country needs development.”

PSUs sale  labour reforms comingNEW DELHI, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 09:58 IST
“PSUs’ sale, labour reforms coming”
Yuthika Bhargava
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addressing the India Economic Summit in New Delhi. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
Easier norms for land acquisition likely, says Jaitley
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday hinted that some big-ticket economic reforms were on the anvil.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum and the Confederation of Indian Industry, Mr. Jaitley said these could include sale of loss-making public sector units, easier norms for land acquisition and labour law reforms.
He, however, added that rectifying the economy would take “a lot of time.” “The pit was reasonably deep; rectifying it is going to take a lot of time. A large number of steps are needed,” the Minister said.
Mr. Jaitley said the government’s current policy was divestment rather than outright privatisation, but he would be open to selling off loss-making public sector units.
“There will be divestment as some important public undertakings are on the verge of closure. But on foreign investment, decisions will be made sector-wise, keeping in mind the requirements of the Indian economy and the appetite of the political system for reform,” he said.
The Minister said the government was looking at changing some “illogical provisions” of the land acquisition law, besides improving and rationalising labour laws.
To a specific question on the bottlenecks created by the land acquisition law, Mr. Jaitley said he would focus on easing the procedural complications, in particular a provision that he felt could render land acquisition difficult for building smart cities, a key initiative of the Narendra Modi government.
This provision, Mr. Jaitley said, disallows private schools, hospitals and hotels on land acquired by the government.
On labour law reforms, the Minister said, “Some aspects of the labour laws in India can certainly be improved and rationalised.”
LIVE: India Economic Summit organised by the WEF
RELATED NEWS

Coal India to produce 1 billion tonnes by 2019: Goyalcoal
State-miner Coal India (CIL) is looking to double its production to a billion tonnes in the next five years, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said on Thursday.
“I see Coal India production doubling in the next five years. It makes about 500 million tonnes hopefully this year. We’ll do a billion tonnes in 2019,” Mr. Goyal said at the India Economic Summit.
Mr. Goyal, who is also minister for New and Renewable Energy (MNRE), said a “huge investment opportunity” of nearly $250 billion beckons in the energy sector over the next four to five years, including $100 billion in renewables and $50 billion in transmission and distribution.
“I see investments also coming into wind (energy) with the re-introduction of the fiscal benefits that were earlier available,” he said.
“This government is sincere in giving power to all and this government will protect investments as we go forward,” the minister added.
Emphasising that renewable sources of energy are one of the thrust areas of the government, Mr. Goyal said his ministry was taking measures to ensure that solar power generation would touch 100 GW by 2019.

Telecom industry needs more spectrum: Sunil MittalBharti Enterprises Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal at the India Economic Summit, in New Delhi. Photo: Ramesh Sharma
TOPICS
telecommunication service
Bharti Enterprises Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal on Thursday sought more spectrum for the growth of the telecom industry and called on the government to work towards making it available to the service providers.
Replying to a query on sidelines of the India Economic Summit, Mr. Mittal said, “We want more spectrum from the government. I personally believe every country has the same amount of spectrum. It is not that India has less... It needs to be vacated from other places; that is what other countries have also done.
“So we should vacate spectrum from uses which are either analog in nature or with public sector units. The government will have to work towards that and I am aware that the government is working towards it.”
He warned that data customers are growing very fast and service providers will face difficulties offering quality service if spectrum is not made available in adequate quantity.
Asked if the spectrum auctions scheduled for February should be deferred, Mr. Mittal said, “Why should this be deferred? Industry needs more spectrum and the government should make it available to them.”
On Bharti Airtel and Loop Mobile’s Rs 700 crore deal falling through, he said, “Loop is a small deal. Most of the subscribers have ported to us and many more will. I don't know why this is being made into such a big issue.”
Airtel was supposed to purchase the crises-hit Loop Mobile’s Mumbai network but the definitive agreement signed between the two expired on October 30 and was not renewed leading to the Rs. 700-crore deal falling through.

Govt cautious about tapping nuclear energy for power generationNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 18:28 IST
Govt cautious about tapping nuclear energy for power generation
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Reuters
Union Minister Piyush Goyal speaks during the India Economic Summit 2014 at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi Thursday.
TOPICS
nuclear policy
Power, Coal and Renewable Energy Minister Piyush Goyal on Thursday said nuclear energy offers potential, but the government will remain “cautious” about tapping it for power generation.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit on Friday, Mr. Goyal reiterated the government’s aim to provide 24x7 power supply to all citizens by 2019, adding that the sector is likely to attract investment of about USD 250 billion in the next 4-5 years.
On nuclear energy, Mr.Goyal pointed out that the US and many European nations have stopped setting up nuclear plants. “This government would like to be cautious so that we are not saddled with something only under the garb of clean energy or alternate energy; something which the West has discarded and is sought to be brought to India,” he said.
Asked about the logjam that has emerged due to the Nuclear Liability Law, the minister said, “Nuclear has potential and opportunities for India. This government is open to all options... in nuclear, we are seized of the problem and we are already trying to see how we can address nuclear liability restrictions.”
He also pointed out that as yet there is no estimate on the life-cycle costs of nuclear power right up to de-commissioning stage.
Mr. Goyal’s observations assume significance because so far countries promised contracts for nuclear reactors had been pressurising India to change its nuclear liability law.
The US, France and, to a lesser extent, Russia are upset because nothing has moved since 2008 when then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured 10,000 MW of reactors to two US companies, six reactors to French company Areva and up to 16 plants by Russia’s Atomstroyexport.
The commitment was in exchange for ending India’s isolation from the civil nuclear commerce mainstream after the first nuclear explosion in 1974. As a result, the US along with France and Russian helped India secure an exemption from the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group.
Only Russia has set up two reactors at Kudankulam but they were contracted when Rajiv Gandhi was the Prime Minister. In addition South Korea is keen on selling nuclear reactors in India. Each reactor of over 1,000 MW capacity costs between USD 8-10 billion.
Meanwhile, stating that the demand for power in the country will double to two trillion units in five years, Mr. Goyal said efforts are being made to increase coal production, strengthen electricity transmission network, get gas-based power plants back on stream and improve the bankability of projects in the power sector.
Renewable energy was another thrust area and measures were being taken to ensure that solar power generation would touch 100 GW by 2019. The government also expects to nearly double the installed wind generation capacity to more than 40,000 MW by 2019.
LIVE: India Economic Summit organised by the WEF

FDI in construction: Govt to issue clarifications soonforeign investment
After recently liberalising foreign direct investment norms for construction development sector, the government is expected to soon come out with some clarifications on the rules of the policy.
“We will issue clarification on FDI in construction shortly...it would be out in next 2—3 days,” Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Amitabh Kant said on the sidelines of India Economic Summit.
He, however, refused to divulge details.
On October 29, the Union Cabinet relaxed rules for FDI in the construction sector by reducing minimum built—up area as well as capital requirement and eased the exit norms to boost to cash—starved real estate industry.
In view of depleting FDI inflow in construction and real estate sector in last couple of years, the Cabinet decided to reduce the minimum floor area to 20,000 sq mt from the earlier 50,000 sq mt. It also brought down the minimum capital requirement to USD 5 million from USD 10 million.
In case of development of serviced plots, the condition of minimum land of 10 hectares has been completely removed.
It also permitted foreign investors to exit on project completion or 3 years from the date of final investment subject to the development of trunk infrastructure.
The government had said that the relaxation was necessary as FDI inflows in the sector, which witnessed a steady rise during 2006—07 and 2009—10, have started declining.
Between April 2000 and August 2014, the construction sector received FDI worth USD 23.75 billion or 10 per cent of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.

Will make A.P. the most favourable investment destination: Naiduinvestments
"We want to make the State a port hub and a gateway for India"
Giving an assurance that the government will provide 24/7 power, water and fast clearances, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Thursday exuded confidence on making his State the most favourable investment destination.
“We will build again. Everything will come as there is lot of opportunity here [in Andhra Pradesh]. We will make it the most favourable investment destination,” Mr. Naidu said on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit here.
Mr. Naidu took oath as the first Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh after the State was bifurcated to create Telangana in June this year. He is credited with persuading global technology majors to setup their R&D centres in Hyderabad. Post-bifurcation, many IT industries near Hyderabad have gone to Telengana.
The Chief Minister, however, is confident of building the State’s industrial fortunes again. “I am confident that not only IT, but also electronic hardware manufacturing, automobile, agro-processing, petrochemicals hub and pharma will come. Everything will come.”
As a port hub
Further, Mr. Naidu said the government was looking at developing the State as a port hub, “Andhra Pradesh has a 1,000 km coastline, no other State has such a large coastline. On the east cost we have 4 ports and we are going to develop another 10 ports. Ultimately, we want to make Andhra Pradesh a port hub and a gateway for India,” he said.
On the issue of power, Mr. Naidu said the government would provide 24/7 cost-effective power to the industries with dedicated feeder line for big industries. “In the last 5 months I have increased the power efficiency from 65 per cent to 85-90 per cent,” he said.
“We have to ensure every house is connected. We intend to provide 100 mbps of Internet speed connecting every household in the State in 1-2 years,” he added.

Skilled migrants shun EU in favour of USEU falls behind US as top destination for skilled migrants
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/616da3e6-792e-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Good days ahead for accountants  says ICAI chiefGood days ahead for accountants, says ICAI chief
KPM BASHEER
Adoption of Indian Accounting Standards mandatory from 2016-17
Kochi, December 7:  
The convergence of Indian accounting practices with the International Financial Reporting Standards, set to begin in the next financial year, will give a boost to FDI inflows to the country, says K. Raghu, president of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
The adoption of Indian Accounting Standards (IndAS), which is in sync with the IFRS, would help globalization of the economy, apart from opening up the floodgates of overseas opportunities for young chartered accountants, Raghu told Business Line. “It will increase foreign investments and step up international trade, thus helping in globalisation.” Foreign investors would be better equipped to hold shares in Indian firms as they could quickly assess the financial health of these companies.
IFRS, a common global accounting system for companies, has been adopted by over 100 countries, Raghu noted. “Its adoption by India will make our companies’ accounts easily understandable and comparable with those in other countries.” There would be common rules of accounting in the IFRS countries.
Raghu said the IndAS regime would come into force from 2016-17, but for one year prior to that, it would be used on a non-mandatory basis. The ICAI was facilitating this change-over. IndAS would bring in major changes in financial reporting. One important change would be in the determination of the fair value of companies’ assets and liabilities. Fair value would be determined on the basis of current market value.
Ache din for CAs
Raghu said convergence with IFRS would help Indian chartered accountants to find lucrative jobs abroad. Already, Indian accountants were in high demand in many countries. In the UAE alone, some 10,000 were practicing. In the globalised accounting scenario, the demand would grow.
He said that under the Companies Act 2013 regime, the scope of operation and responsibilities of the accountants had increased.
Section 149 of the Act made it mandatory that one- third of the members of companies’ board of directors be independent directors. This was a great opportunity for chartered accountants. The ICAI, the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and the Institute of Cost Accountants of India had together set up an Independent Directors Repository under Section 150 of the Companies Act. “These professionals are better equipped to become independent directors than others,” he said. “They can add value to the companies because of their experience with things financial.” Anybody with the stipulated qualifications could sign up on the repository, though.
The Act asks auditors to report financial fraud in the companies to the government, putting extra responsibilities on the CAs, he noted. Asked if the chartered accountants auditing banks’ accounts had failed in reporting the unusual bad loans amassed by many Indian banks, Raghu said this was not so. However, the ICAI had taken disciplinary actions against some erring accountants.
He said the ICAI had offered its support to the Narendra Modi Governments’ three major programmes—Jan Dhan, Swatch Bharat and Make-in-India. But, asked this meant the chartered accountants’ body was going `political’ and supporting the BJP, Raghu claimed it was only helping in nation-building.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

CSU backtracks on plan for immigrantsGermany’s CSU backtracks as plan for immigrants draws ridicule
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ded4418e-7ecc-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brent crude futures hit fresh five-yearlow'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Brent crude oil futures hit a fresh five-year low of $67.35 per barrel in intraday trade on Monday after China reported dismal trade data and Morgan Stanley forecast that in the worst-case scenario, the North Sea crude benchmark could drop to as low as $43 a barrel in the second quarter of next year.
The gap between crude oil prices and the dollar, too, has widened to its loftiest in five years, as brent crude oil have dropped around 40% since June, while the greenback has gained 12% against a basket of currencies on expectations of higher interest rates.
Having declined by $1.72 to $67.35 per barrel — its meanest since October 2009 — brent crude for January delivery moved to $67.62 a barrel by 1030 GMT, still down $1.45. The US benchmark crude, which had also hit a five-year low of $63.72 last week, lost $1.16 at $64.68 a barrel on Monday.
The fall was exacerbated after Morgan Stanley cut its average 2015 Brent base-case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel, and by $14 to $88 a barrel for 2016. Its warning that oil prices could nosedive to just $43 a barrel next year in the worst possible scenario troubled the investors, who are already worried about growth concerns in China and Europe and reduced appetite for key raw materials. Latest data showed China’s overall imports unexpectedly dipped 6.7% in November and export growth slowed, stoking concerns of a sharp slowdown.
“Without Opec intervention, markets risk becoming unbalanced, with peak oversupply likely in the second quarter of 2015,” Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Longson said.
However, leading oil exporter Saudi Arabia was unnerved by calls from poorer OPEC members late last month to cut production, causing prices to fall futher. Reports that the US shale industry added three new oil-drilling rigs last week despite low oil prices further depressed sentiments in a market already awash with supplies.
Even a 9% rise in China’s crude oil imports in November from the previous month to 6.18 million barrels per day failed to improve sentiments, as many believed it could be a temporary reserves-boosting measure and not a strong sign of a pick-up in actual demand in the world’s second-largest economy.
Fall continues
* Brent crude for January delivery moved to $67.62 a barrel by 1030 GMT. The US benchmark crude, which had also hit a five-year low of $63.72 last week, lost $1.16 at $64.68 a barrel on Monday
* The fall was exacerbated after Morgan Stanley cut its average 2015 Brent base-case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel
* Its warning that oil prices could nosedive to just $43 a barrel next year in the worst case troubled the investors
TAGS: Brent Crude
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Regulate oil and gas price fall; create surplus for exploration: ASSOCHAMRegulate oil and gas price fall; create surplus for exploration: ASSOCHAM
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 09, 2014 08:23 IST
ASSOCHAM study emphasizes the unexploited but known oil and gas reserves both on shore and off shore.
 
 
Leading business chamber ASSOCHAM today cautioned government over allowing oil prices to consumer fall further and suggested creation of a oil and gas price regulatory mechanism that will take into consideration the overall national interest in the petroleum price economy. The associated chamber of commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) also welcomed government raising excise duty on oil products to swab the surplus created by steep fall in international oil and gas prices.
In a detailed note to the Government, the chamber said that too low an oil price to the consumer will erode profit expectation from huge investments needed for our country to explore and exploit oil as well as gas reserves despite the beneficial effects of low oil and gas prices on several other sectors including in public and private transport costs.
The chamber recalled that India was importing almost 80 per cent of its oil and gas requirement and that total imports may rise further from 180 million tons to 300 million tons over the next ten years draining our hard earned export earnings further.  “For India, it is more important to gain access to new domestic sources of oil and gas rather than provide cheaper and cheaper oil and gas for transportation, power generation and industry” the chamber said in its note.
The chamber’s note said that oil and gas prices at consumer level could be allowed to move within a reasonable price band and the surplus between a fast falling oil import price and the steady consumer price be appropriated by government and used to build exploration support fund and R&D in promoting greater efficiency in usage of oil and gas.
ASSOCHAM study emphasizes the unexploited but known oil and gas reserves both on shore and off shore. It also looks at new sources like coal mine methane, shale oil and seabed methane resources and R&D in recycling of byproducts like polythene containers.
There was also the environment pollution angle that demands reduction in pollution.  This means both a reduction in the rate of growth of private vehicles and observable reduction in the extent of vehicular traffic. Though such a strategy would affect private car sale the demand for private cars would continue to be high enough for some more years as the average income at middle decile level of both urban and rural population will continue to rise and the demographic dividend would continue to be favourable for at least 15 more years.
Meanwhile, the Government has to push for higher efficiencies in oil use especially in private vehicles as well as in public transport. The increasing use of hybrid cars and phasing out of older cars should become part of the public policy on oil usage as well as on reduction on pollution.

Divestment to be watchedThe merger will take effect after the divestment has taken place for which maximum period of six months has been allowed
Ashok Chawla
Chairman
CCI
The Sun Pharma - Ranbaxy merger will come into effect after the divestment is complete and the agency (mentioned in the order) will be monitoring the process, said Ashok Chawla, Chairperson, CCI.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Monday cleared the USD 4 billion deal between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy but with riders – asking both companies to sell 7 brands, which could have had an appreciable adverse effect on competition in their relevant markets post merger. It has given a 6-month window for the divestment process, post which the deal may get the final nod.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Chawla said the order on Sun-Ranbaxy merger is final and that the companies could be given additional 4 months in case the product divestment process exceeds 6 months.
Below is the transcript of Ashok Chawla’s interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is the process from hereon, you have put in an agency to monitor the sale. Should they clear with you as to who buys it so that that doesn’t create further competition and what if it is not met in six months? A minor extension is possible? 
A: The agency which we mentioned in the order will monitor the process of divestment. They need to comeback to us to get approval for the terms and conditions of the sale and also which is the party that they are selling to because the objective of the sale is not just sale for the sake of sale but to make sure that there is effective competition in those products in the market. 
The merger will take effect after the divestment has taken place for which maximum period of six months has been allowed. However, assuming that they are able to divest before that, then I suppose they can go ahead and effect the merger before that. 
In case this process takes more than six months, then the order says that there will be a subsequent second divestment period which will be four months. During that period, the agency appointed by the Competition of Commission of India (CCI) will get into the picture to sell the product.
Latha: If that is the process is the precondition that the second and third maker of those products should not be the buyers because that could exacerbate the competition, is that a given, is that what you have told them? 
A: Yes, absolutely. They cannot get into those same products again directly or indirectly. That is also part of the order. 
Latha: What I mean is assuming there is a second biggest producer of the molecules and compounds that you have identified, those second and third biggest manufacturers are also out of reckoning because that will only increase the anti-competition, the cartel? 
A: It depends on how much market power the second, third or fourth have at this point in time and what would be their market power if they were to buy the asset or the brand which is getting divested. However, in principle the idea will not be to strengthen or make the second or third manufacturer so strong that the whole purpose is defeated. 
Latha: Could you tell us who the second company is at all so we know that they at least cannot buy? 
A: I think this is something which is part of what the pharma industry would know. So, at this stage getting into those names and who can buy and who can not buy would be somewhat premature and inappropriate.
Sonia: Currently seven of these drugs need to be divested so if in case there is any drug in the future that the combined entity has a growing market share in will that be added to the list as well? 
A: The order is final, the order for merger cannot be reviewed but the act allows us in any case, at any point in time to look at behaviour and what is happening in the marketplace. If the company which will be the merged entity in future is very big or dominant in a particular field or a particular product that doesn’t mean that we will not look at that one to three years down the road. However, the order on merger is something which is cast in stone today and that is not something which can be changed. 
Sonia: What is the minimum market share that the CCI is okay with in any particular drug and if you can just tell us what is the process by which the CCI identifies these drugs? 
A: There is no safe harbour so to say if you are looking at a threshold above which it is not allowed and below which it is allowed. The act doesn’t sort of specify that so it basically is a judgement which is based on various factors and various conditions and this would also vary from market to market. For instance, it would be different let us say in pharmaceuticals, it maybe different in other products and so on and so forth. 
The process which the commission follows is basically the process followed internationally which is you look at molecules and you look at molecules going into brands. So, these are the various levels we look at and we try to go to the lowest level to see where is the strength or market power coming in, in which molecule and that is how we have analysed this. It is all very clearly spelt out in our order which is fairly elaborate.
Latha: This may not be part of your area of focus but now that within India itself you have cleared the merger conditional upon the sale of these products, is it now only a matter of routine that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) will also give its clearance? If they are cleared in India it is unlikely that there would be cartels globally? 
A: This is something which each authority looks at from the point of view of their own jurisdiction, their own country. So, the FTC will take a call. I believe they are also looking at divestment of certain products which must be impacting or presumably impacting their market. So, it doesn’t mean that if one regulator in a country approves the others will follow suit. So, that is a process which the enterprises have to go through separately for each and every country. 
Sonia: What is the update as far as the DLF  case is concerned, how much has DLF deposited with respect to the CCI Rs 630 crore penalty so far and how much will they pay start January onwards? 
A: There is an order of the Supreme Court and I presume they would be implementing that order. So, we will wait and see, whatever they have been asked to deposit they will have to deposit. I can’t comment at this stage. 
Latha: You have been extremely careful in ensuring that the real estate companies, the cement companies, the car companies, the drug companies don’t cartelise but the oil companies are not giving us a fair price for petrol although it is market related pricing; not even for that matter diesel. The banks are not giving us any competition in savings rate in fact even in home loans or other kind of loan products. Is the CCI little soft on public sector? 
A: No, I don’t think so. In fact we ourselves are concerned about what is going on in the oil sector particularly in relation to pricing of petrol. Diesel is something which is different in the sense the policy regime has been different. However, we have noticed or put on notice the oil marketing companies and they have challenged our jurisdiction so that matter is getting settled in some other court. However, we are quite aware of the fact that it is strange that the oil marketing companies virtually move in tandem in terms of pricing, etc. 
Even on the other sectors if you recall we have imposed a fairly stiff penalty on Coal India. So, we have no intention or no specific reason to be soft on the public sector. We take it up both through advocacy with the government but at the end of the day enforcement is not ruled out and cannot be ruled out. 
Sonia: If you can just tell us how much time has been given to DLF to complete that Rs 630 crore payment? 
A: I believe they have to deposit a certain amount every month. The original penalty was Rs 630 crore, they have paid something out of it and the balance they have to pay certain amount every month. That is the order of the court.
Sun Pharma stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  12:09 hrs Sun Pharmaceutical Industries was quoting at Rs 819.50, down Rs 10.4, or 1.25 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 932.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 552.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 35.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 22.91.
RELATED NEWS

Brokers unfazed by ridersDec 09, 2014, 02.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun-Ranbaxy: Brokerages upbeat despite CCI rider
Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Monday cleared the USD 4 billion deal between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy but with riders.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sun-Ranbaxy: Brokerages upbeat despite CCI rider
Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Monday cleared the USD 4 billion deal between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy but with riders.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Brokerages are unfazed by the conditional nod given by CCI to Sun Pharma - Ranbaxy merger.
Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Monday  cleared the USD 4 billion deal  between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy but with riders.
In its conditional nod to the merger, the regulator has asked both companies to sell 7 brands, which could have had an appreciable adverse effect on competition in their relevant markets post the merger. It has given a 6-month window for the divestment process, post which the deal may get the final nod.
BoFAML sees a greater clarity on the proposed merger though it feels that the deal may get delayed for a few months. “Though it (transaction) has cleared a major hurdle – CCI approval – the deal now has to get US FTC approval, which may happen in the next few months,” it said in its report.
BoFAML retains a neutral on Sun Pharma and does not see the divestment of 7 brands having any major impact on the company’s manufacturing facilities. The brokerage firm in its report said that sales of these 7 brands (proposed to be divested) are less than Rs 50 crore -- 0.2 percent of the merged entities sales.
HSBC too believes that divestment of brands should not impact the companies materially on a financial basis and importantly the approval takes deal to near-close.
It maintains overweight on both Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy and has increased the target price for Ranbaxy to Rs 840 from Rs 740.
Sun Pharma agreed to buy Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo in April in a deal that would create India’s largest, and the world’s fifth-largest maker of generic drugs.
The CCI, which focused its investigation on 49 products to gauge the deal's impact on competition, said Sun Pharma will divest all products containing tamsulosin, used to treat prostate conditions, and tolterodine, which is a treatment for incontinence.
The combined market share of the two companies for these products is 90-95 percent resulting in "near monopoly" in the market, the antitrust regulator said in its order.
RELATED NEWS

World recovery increasingly dependent on US growth engine: FitchWorld recovery increasingly dependent on US growth engine: Fitch
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 09, 2014 14:27 IST
Overall, the global growth outlook has marginally weakened since September's GEO and risks remain skewed to the downside.
 
 
Fitch Ratings says in its latest Global Economic Outlook (GEO) that global growth is uneven, but will strengthen in 2015 and 2016. A buoyant US economy is the main engine of global growth, while the recovery continues to falter in the eurozone, Japan and many large emerging markets. Overall, the global growth outlook has marginally weakened since September's GEO and risks remain skewed to the downside.
 
Fitch's latest forecasts for world GDP growth (weighted at market exchange rates) are 2.5% in 2014, the same as in 2013, picking up to 2.9% in 2015 and 3% 2016. Compared with the September GEO the forecasts are 0.1pp lower for 2015 and 2016, mainly due to emerging markets (EM).
 
For the US economy, Fitch maintains its forecast of robust GDP growth of 3.1% in 2015 and 3% in 2016, the strongest among major advanced economies (MAE), up from 2.3% in 2014. The economy expanded at a rapid annualised 3.9% in 3Q14. Private consumption will be a key growth driver, supported by rising household disposable income and a strengthening labour market. Unemployment dropped to 5.8% in October, below the level originally targeted by the Fed as a trigger for raising interest rates and getting close to Fed estimates of the "natural rate".
 
The eurozone recovery remains fragile, with weakness widespread across member countries in both the periphery and the core. The last two quarters witnessed a marked slowdown in Germany, where yoy growth sagged to 1.2% in 3Q14 from 2.3% in 1Q14. A pick-up in German demand will be vital for the eurozone outlook. We now project eurozone growth of 0.8% in 2014 and 1.1% in 2015, down 0.1pp and 0.3pp respectively from September's GEO. Growth for 2016 is unchanged at 1.5%. Despite an environment of highly accommodative ECB monetary policy and broadly neutral fiscal position, growth is being weighed down by private sector deleveraging, structural bottlenecks and spill-over from geopolitical risks. High unemployment will persist and remain above 11% until 2016.
 
The gap between headline and core inflation will widen globally in the near-term as lower energy prices increase downward pressures on headline inflation rates. Fitch's latest projections for eurozone inflation are 0.6% in 2014, 0.9% in 2015 and 1.3% in 2016. Under our base case the eurozone will avoid protracted deflation. But it remains a meaningful risk, in view of current low inflation, weak demand and the potential for self-reinforcing dynamics, given below-target inflation expectations.
 
Lower oil prices will boost global growth. Fitch has cut its forecast for Brent oil prices to USD100pb in 2014, USD83pb in 2015 and USD90pb in 2016, following the sharp drop in recent months and OPEC's failure to take action to reverse it. We expect prices to rise from current levels as demand picks up, in line with our assumption of stronger global GDP growth in 2015 and 2016, and lower production. A 20% fall in oil prices will boost the level of global GDP by around 0.3% over two years, but will create big losers as well as winners. This edition's alternative scenario explores the impact of a scenario of oil dropping a further 20%.
 
EM face larger and more persistent weaknesses than previously expected. Fitch forecasts EM growth to slow to 4% in 2014 from 4.7% in 2013, before edging up to 4.1% in 2015 and 4.5% in 2016. Brazil entered a technical recession earlier this year and Fitch expects another challenging year in 2015 with GDP growth of just 1%, as the new government tightens economic policies to address the imbalances that have developed in recent years and to revive confidence. Russia will fall into recession in 2015 with GDP contracting 1.5% under the combined weight of western sanctions, sharply lower oil prices and tightening financial conditions. Investment remains firmly in negative territory, real wage growth is close to zero and household demand is marking time.
 
China's slowdown is structural and we expect GDP growth to moderate to 7.3% in 2014, 6.8% in 2015 and 6.5% in 2016 as it gradually rebalances while seeking to contain leverage. India will be the only BRIC country where growth picks up in 2014 to 5.6% and accelerates to 6.5% in 2015 and 6.8% in 2016, owing to the government's reforms to the business environment.
 
Japan's unexpected economic contraction in 3Q14 has led Fitch to cut its short-term GDP forecast. We now forecasts 2014 real GDP at 0.8%, a downward revision of 0.6pp from September. However, we believe some of the drag is temporary and that a broader range of factors remain conducive to stronger growth, and on this basis have revised up our 2015 forecast to 1.5% from 1.3%. The 2016 forecast is unchanged at 1.3%. Higher wage growth is central to Japan's prospects of sustaining higher real and nominal GDP growth.
 
Growth in the UK has been strong and broad-based. Fitch maintains its forecast that growth will slow from 3% in 2014 to 2.6% in 2015 and 2.3% in 2016, as it converges on its medium-term potential rate of 2%-2.25%. The base case is for nominal wage growth to pick up as labour market slack is absorbed and the currently weak productivity growth improves, in line with previous cyclical recoveries.
 
An absence of inflationary pressures, despite tightening labour markets, implies the Fed and Bank of England will follow a slower monetary policy tightening path. Key global interest rates will remain low over the medium term, below 2% at least until 2016. Our current base case is for the ECB to hold off quantitative easing (QE) involving sovereign bonds, given our baseline for a gradual recovery, stable core inflation and high institutional hurdles to QE.

Delhi cab rape case: Is the ban on Uber justifiedSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
The ban on US-based radio taxi service Uber, after the rape of 27-year-old Delhi woman by its driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, has sparked another controversy, this time over the ban imposed on it.
While authorities in Delhi have banned Uber cabs on Monday for ‘misleading customers’ and Centre is mulling similar action across the country, some believe that the ban is not justified.
Why ban is justified?
Although this could have been any other cab driver or company, Uber is at fault as the driver was a repeat offender. He was arrested in 2011 for a rape charge and had spent 7 months in jail.
Uber is at fault as they didn’t do background check on the person they have hired. The company that promises ‘safest rides on the road’ should have at least done background check and police verification for all their drivers.
Good that Uber is banned. They did not take the safety measures they claimed to take. They had to be penalised
— The Bad Doctor (@doctoratlarge) December 8, 2014
No dont blame/ban uber. But question why do global companies so easily compromise on safety standards in India? A taken for granted country.
— Rimjhim Ray (@GlobeSlother) December 7, 2014
Ban on @Uber_Delhi cab is good. This will be a lesson for all cab services who are defying the rules. #UberShame #DelhiShamedAgain
— Chandra Prakash (@CPism) December 8, 2014
Banning Uber really idiotic. How can we be knee-jerked like this. If a state bus driver commits rape, will u ban bus svc? Or if its a cop?
— Shekhar Gupta (@ShekharGupta) December 8, 2014
Don’t ban Uber. Work with them to make transport safer. And fix corrupt police and RTO that either harasses or wants bribes for verification
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Another 100 points fall for the NiftyAnother 100 points fall for the Nifty
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 09, 2014 16:21 IST
Finally Sensex ended with a loss of 1.2% (322 points) at 27,797. The Nifty finally ended the day with a loss of 98 points at 8,341.
 
 
The indices have a tendency of astonishing the traders. In the month of November, index managed modest gains and recorded new highs on regular basis. After witnessing selling pressure in IT, realty, banking, auto and power stocks on Monday, similar trend continued today as well. After a weak start, selling accentuated in the second half of the day after  Chinese stock market slumped over 5%. Metal stocks bore the brunt of the selling today.
 
The China's benchmark index slumped 5.4 per cent to close at 2,856, after testing a fresh three-year high at 3,091 in early trades. According to media reports, China said that lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans. 
 
Earlier in the day, the NSE Nifty started the day on a tentative note at 8,439, and swung in an out of the positive zone, while touching a day’s high of 8,445. The market began to weaken in late morning trades owing to persistent selling in energy and capital goods stocks. 
 
The selling thereafter spread to banking and metal stocks following which the NSE index plummeted to a low of 8,331 - down 114 points from the day's high. The Nifty finally ended the day with a loss of 98 points at 8,341.
 
The Sensex opened 15 points higher at 28,134, and soon spurted to a high of 28,158, before slipping into the negative zone. The BSE index tumbled to a low of 27,764 - down 394 points from day's high. The Sensex finally ended with a loss of 1.2% (322 points) at 27,797.
 
The broader market also ended with huge losses. The CNX Midcap index shed 1.6 per cent to 12,324, and the Smallcap index dropped nearly 1.7 per cent to 5,187.
 
The market breadth too was fairly bearish - out of 1,731 stocks traded on the NSE, 1,180 declined and 353 advanced today.
 
Among sectors - the CNX Metal and the Infra indices slumped 2.8 per cent each to 2,688 and 3,054, respectively. The Auto, Bank Nifty and FMCG indices were down around a per cent each. 
 
Sesa Sterlite was the major loser among the Nifty 50 stocks - the stock slumped 5 per cent to Rs. 221. ONGC and Tata Power also dropped around 4 per cent each to Rs. 353 and Rs. 85.60, respectively.
 
Tata Steel, NTPC, Bharti Airtel and Bank of Baroda plunged around 3.5 per cent each to Rs. 436, Rs. 135, Rs. 357 and Rs. 1,049, respectively.
 
ACC, Larsen & Toubro, BPCL and BHEL declined 3 per cent each to Rs. 1,432, Rs. 1,553, Rs. 669 and Rs. 259, respectively. 
 
Hindalco, Jindal Steel, IDFC, Tata Motors, Ambuja Cement, Wipro, Punjab National Bank, Zee Entertainment, SBI and Grasim were the other major losers - down over 2 per cent each.
 
On the other hand, Mahindra & Mahindra surged 1.7 per cent to Rs. 1,270. 
 
Dr.Reddy's bounced back on bargain hunting; the stock gained 1.5 per cent at Rs. 3,367. Sun Pharma added a per cent to end at Rs. 836.

Furious BJP condemns Mamata Banerjee s Modi remarksHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Parliamentary Party today unanimously condemned the “unruly” and “objectionable” remarks by Mamata Banerjee and TMC leader Kalyan Banerjee against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other leaders, saying such remarks go against civic ethics.
The party MPs, who met in Parliament House library in the absence of the Prime Minister and BJP chief Shah, were informed that the Insurance Bill will be taken up next week in the Parliament after the Union Cabinet approves the report of the Select Committee.
The party also hailed Modi’s rally in Srinagar yesterday which was attended by a record number of Kashmiris and termed it as a “historic” one.
“The BJP Parliamentary Party unanimously condemned the unruly and indecent remarks made by Mamata Banerjee and TMC leader Kalyan Banerjee against the Prime Minister and other BJP leaders. The party feels such remarks against the democratic spirit and civic ethics,” Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said after the meet.
Naqvi said the party leaders felt such uncalled for remarks are “highly condemnable and objectionable”.
Earlier addressing BJP MPs at the meeting, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley informed them that the Insurance Bill will be taken up in Parliament next week as the Select Committee of Rajya Sabha looking into the bill has approved it and will present its report.
Jaitley told them that once the report is submitted to Rajya Sabha, the Union Cabinet will approve the recommendations and the bill will be taken up for consideration and passage.
He also informed the members on how the stalemate in Rajya Sabha was resolved as various parties creating uproar over Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks had scaled down their demand and were seeking to find a “face saver” to come out of the situation as “they were losing their image before public”.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu talked about the Prime Minister’s “historic” rally in Srinagar which was hailed by the Parliamentary Party. He then asked Union Minister Jitendra Singh to apprise them about the rally, where he accompanied the Prime Minister.
Singh said never before in the last 30 years such a rally took place in Srinagar where a large number of people gathered to hear the Prime Minister. He also expressed hope that BJP will perform well in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections.
The BJP Parliamentary Party also congratulated the Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan units of the party for the party’s victory in the civic body elections in both the states.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Mamata Banerjee Trinamool Congress
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

As Northern Virginia bleeds federal jobs  McAuliffe tries pivot to private sectorBy Jonathan O'Connell December 9 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe recently released his economic platform. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)
In a newly released  report , Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) sets priorities for improving the commonwealth’s economy, and there is reason to think Virginia — and the Northern Virginia suburbs in particular — are in need of a turnaround.
As a whole, Virginia’s economic growth has fallen behind the rest of the country’s. Though it fared better than the rest of the country during the depths of the recession, the commonwealth’s growth has trailed the national rate the past three years. McAuliffe’s report attributes this to an over-reliance on the federal government for jobs and growth.
“The commonwealth currently has a material imbalance in its job generating machinery,” it says. “We are overly dependent on the public sector for economic prosperity.”
Things aren’t getting better, at least not yet. Virginia isn’t even expected to close the gap until 2017, and its growth rate isn’t expected to match the nation’s until 2018.
It’s hardly a revelation that the Washington-area economy is too reliant on the federal government. About 30 percent of Virginia’s economy is tied to the federal government, and the Defense Department is by far its biggest employer (Wal-Mart is second and Fairfax County Public Schools is third). Every time there is an economic recession or slowdown, there are calls to grow one private sector or another.
At the moment, it seems as though just about every Northern Virginia neighborhood looking to grow its commercial base is pointing to tech firms and start-ups as the future, including  Crystal City , Rosslyn  and Ballston . Among the industries outlined in the McAuliffe report are biosciences, cybersecurity, advanced manufacturing, renewable energy, tourism and, naturally, tech start-ups.
Maybe there is more reason for concern this time around. Since 2010, according to the report, the federal payroll dropped $1.16 billion, or 7.5 percent, causing consecutive monthly federal job losses in Virginia for more than a year.
Even though it looks like the loss of Virginia’s federal job might be slowing, the pace of federal contracting cuts is expected to double in the 2015 fiscal year. That would mean the loss of an additional 22,000 public and private jobs in Virginia, per the report.
No wonder owners of Northern Virginia office buildings are having such a hard time filling them .
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

U.K. manufacturing production falls 0.7% in OctoberDec 09, 2014, 03.04 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.K. manufacturing production falls 0.7% in October
U.K. manufacturing production falls 0.7% in October
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.K. manufacturing production falls 0.7% in October
U.K. manufacturing production falls 0.7% in October
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Manufacturing production in the U.K. fell for the first time in five months in October, while industrial output also declined, official data showed on Tuesday.
In a report, the U.K. Office for National Statistics said that manufacturing production decreased by a seasonally adjusted 0.7% in October, disappointing expectations for a gain of 0.2%.
Manufacturing production in September rose by 0.6%, whose figure was upwardly revised from previously reported rise of 0.4%.
On an annualized basis, manufacturing production rose at rate of 1.7% in October, missing expectations for a gain of 3.2%, after rising at a rate of 2.9% in the preceding month.
The report also showed that industrial production fell by a seasonally adjusted 0.1% in October, compared to expectations for a 0.2% gain, after rising 0.7% in September.
GBP/USD was trading at 1.5647 from around 1.5663 ahead of the announcement, while EUR/GBP was at 0.7895 from 0.7884 earlier.
Meanwhile, European stock markets remained lower. London's FTSE 100 shed 1.1%, the EURO STOXX 50 dipped 1%, France's CAC 40 fell 1.1%, while Germany's DAX slumped 0.75%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Cigniti Technologies: Outcome of board meeting & Adjournment of Board Meeting to December 10  2014Dec 09, 2014, 08.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cigniti Technologies: Outcome of board meeting & Adjournment of Board Meeting to December 10, 2014
Cigniti Technologies at its meeting held on Dec. 09, 2014, approved the Allotment of 17,89,292 equity shares to promoters and others on preferential basis at an issue price of Rs. 356/- per share. The meeting of Board of Directors has been adjourned to Dec 10, 2014 to consider the allotment of balance equity shares i.e. 25,35,708 equity shares.

Balmer Lawrie & Company appoints Kavita Bhavsar as Company SecretaryDec 09, 2014, 08.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Balmer Lawrie & Company appoints Kavita Bhavsar as Company Secretary
Balmer Lawrie & Company has informed that Ms Kavita Bhavsar , FCS has been appointed as the Company Secretary as well as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from December 09, 2014 by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on December 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Balmer Lawrie & Company appoints Kavita Bhavsar as Company Secretary
Balmer Lawrie & Company has informed that Ms Kavita Bhavsar , FCS has been appointed as the Company Secretary as well as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from December 09, 2014 by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on December 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Balmer Lawrie & Company Ltd has informed BSE that Ms Kavita Bhavsar , FCS has been appointed as the Company Secretary as well as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from December 09, 2014 by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on December 09, 2014.Source : BSE

Uber s Paytm customers can t withdraw money from e-walletCan Uber's Paytm customers withdraw money from e-wallet?
Ashley Coutinho | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 12:41 AM IST
CLARIFICATION
An earlier version of this story had mentioned that Uber's customers wouldn't be able to withdraw from their Paytm accounts, which is incorrect. Paytm has clarified that as per RBI rules, Paytm can refund in customers' bank accounts. We stand corrected.

Ask Matt: How to give stock as a giftEMAIL
Q: Can I give stock as a gift?
A: Looking for a perfect gift – for a budding investor? You could buy a Donald Trump doll. But don’t. Please. Here’s a much smarter idea.
Don’t waste money on bad gifts – invest in good gifts. Buy stock as a gift. You’ll teach the kids about the value of money and investing. Sure beats giving them a gift card that teaches them to spend and consume. People think of paper certificates as the way to go. But certificates expensive and impractical. Brokers usually charge fees to issue paper certificates – and many companies don’t issue them anymore. If you must have a paper certificate, there are services like Giveashare.com where you can buy the stock and frame it. But expect to pay $40 extra for these services on top of the price of the stock. It’s more efficient to create a custodial account for a minor. It’s easy. Do it either through a discount broker or with the company if it has a direct stock purchase plan.
It’s easiest to work with a low-cost online broker. Put cash in the minor’s account and buy the stock. Here’s a great gift. Buy shares of an S&P 500 exchange traded fund. Need something to put under the tree? Print the account statement and include some gifts from S&P 500 companies – like a Hershey Bar or a Hasbro game. Your uncool gifts end now.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.
AP

Shareholders waking up to their rightsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shareholders waking up to their rights: Sebi Chief UK Sinha
There is a lot of interest in e-voting by shareholders of listed companies while proxy advisory firms have also begun playing a key role, said Sebi Chief Sinha.
Post your opinion here
 
Enthused by a growing awareness among investors about their rights, capital markets regulator Sebi's Chairman U K Sinha today said that a large number of proposals made by promoters and management at listed companies are getting defeated by the shareholders.
He also pitched for a 'responsible business' regime, while laying down three guiding principles of shareholder democracy, transparency in operations and protection of minority investors to achieve this goal.
Also read: Sebi bars KMJ Land Developers from raising public money
    
Speaking at an event here, Sinha said that there is a lot of interest in e-voting by shareholders of listed companies while proxy advisory firms have also begun playing a key role.
"It is just a few months old pheneomenon in India, but e-voting has already brought in dramatic improvement and nobody can imagine the number of proposals that are getting defeated by the shareholders," he said.
Talking in the global context, the Sebi chief said that the financial crisis has shown to the world that the trust that was bestowed on the corporate leadership was broken. He further said that it has emerged that the compensation system for top executives was made while keeping in mind short-term goals rather than the long-term objectives.
"I'm also reminded of the OECD principles. ... G-20 and the FSB have prescribed that the OECD principles are the key standards not only for the governance of corporations but according to them, they're key to financial stability in the world.
"Look at the seriousness which is being attached to these principles," he said. Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is tasked by global bodies like G-20 and FSB (Financial Stability Board) with the job of framing financial market policies and regulatory standards for the regulators across the world.
"Right now, the principles are under revision and a discussion paper has been floated," he said, while adding that some of the ideas presented in the paper include further checks on related party  ransactions, greater disclosure of beneficial ownerships.
Additional disclosure requirements are being proposed for bringing more transparency, while other proposals include those related to grievance redressal mechanism for minority shareholders.
"Importantly, the revised proposals which are under discussion at OECD also talk about having an impact assessment of the regulatory practices. This is another key element which has been proposed.
    
"I'm sure that after the public discussions are over, these new principles will be in place very soon and am sure most of the countries will be too happy to adopt it," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Check Uber like app-based cabs; we re different: Radio taxisSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Seeking to disassociate themselves from Uber-like services, an apex body of radio taxi operators today asked the government to take urgent steps to regulate unlicensed app-based cabs to ensure passenger safety in the wake of the rape of a woman allegedly by a driver.
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned.
Addressing a press conference here, the Association President Kunal Lalani said they are running licensed services, unlike app-based services like Uber.
“An impression is being created that all radio cabs are unsafe. But that is completely false because we are running licensed services in accordance with rules laid down by the state governments,” Lalani said.
The Association claimed to represent 13 operators including Mega Cabs, Easy Cabs, Meru Cabs, Tab Cabs which run their services in several cities across the country.
A 27-year-old finance executive was raped allegedly by a driver of app-based cab booking service Uber in the city on Friday night which has triggered widespread outrage.
The Association said there are around 19 companies in India operating 25,000 odd cabs together. As per the association, every radio taxi generates revenue between Rs 70,000 to Rs 80,000 per month.
“We are asking that there should be a regulation and the all taxis must be regulated. This is the only way we can ensure safety and security and transparency in the business,” Lalani said.
The Association would also ask its member radio taxi operators to face similar regulations if they are running app-based services through their subsidiaries.
Stating that they are not against the app-based companies, the Association said it has written to state governments “to regulate” those companies who are presently “non-licensed”.
The aggregator model, also called the asset-light model, allow companies like Uber, Ola Cabs and Taxi-for-Sure to run app based cab-booking services without actually having any driver on their rolls unlike private radio taxi operators such as Meru, which owns a fleet of 10,000 cabs across 12 cities.
“It’s not a question of aggregators like us versus non-aggregators like them. Our only demand is that they be licensed and made to follow the law of the land like we do,” the association’s founder-member Rajiv Vij said.
Vij also claimed that the cabs run by companies that are under the association are all GPS-enabled and are constantly tracked.
On whether the association was seeking a ban on cab aggregators, Lalani said, “Competition with new technologies is always welcome. But you cannot have unregulated and unlicensed products.”
Lalani further added that these aggregators neither follow any law nor take any approval from any authority.
Carzonrent MD and CEO Rajiv K Vij said the aggregators are flouting the norms.
“They are plying diesel vehicles in the city while the licensed radio cabs follow the norms laid by the Supreme Court in 2001 and operate CNG driven vehicles,” he said, adding that countries such as Thailand and Netherlands are banning them while Germany and Singapore have brought them under regulation.
Lalani further added that aggregators are spending 90 per cent time on creating demand and ensuring service supply was not their priority.
“If you are booking through a brand, then the delivery should also be through a brand only,” he added.
On being asked whether the aggregators, which have recently mushroomed, are impacting the business of years old radio cab industry, he said “Not too much. There is certain amount of impact, as they have created a new set of clientele”.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Radio Taxi Uber Cab
More from companies

Murdered Anni s kin to sue Dewani in UKHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
The family of a Indo-Swedish bride murdered in 2010 while on her honeymoon here said today that they are planning to sue her British-Indian millionaire husband Shrien Dewani in the UK as he flew out of South Africa, a day after being acquitted by a court.
Dewani, 34, was accused of hiring hitmen to get his bride Anni Hindocha killed during their honeymoon but was acquitted yesterday by Western Cape High Court Deputy Judge Jeanette Traverso who threw out the high-profile case even before he started his defence against the accusation.
In a statement today, Anni’s uncle Ashok Hindocha said she would never have married Dewani if she had known about “his secret sex life with male prostitutes”.
“Neither would we have, as a family, condoned a union with a man who indulged himself in such a sordid manner. We know now that he was having gay sex with male prostitutes, and declared himself bisexual on the first day of his trial…,” he said.
“We would have preferred to have known about his sexuality before he married our precious Anni. She gave herself to him, mind, body and soul, and she hoped to have been cherished and loved,” Hindocha said.
Anni’s family also confirmed they are seeking legal advice about instituting a civil action against Dewani.
“We will now go through this case with our lawyers to confirm whether we can file a lawsuit against Shrien Dewani in the UK,” he said.
Dewani flew out of South Africa today. He made no comment as he hurried through Cape Town International Airport surrounded by an entourage and media persons.
He looked calm and self-composed as he walked into the airport. Wearing a tight white shirt and dark jeans, Dewani stared resolutely ahead as police officers helped him through the waiting media scrum.
The millionaire businessman faced a barrage of questions from reporters as he headed straight for the boarding gate.
He boarded an Emirates flight headed to Dubai and is believed to reach the UK from there.
Dewani was accused of hiring three men — taxi driver Zola Tongo, Mziwamadoda Qwabe and Xolile Mngeni — to kill Anni on their honeymoon in South Africa in 2010. Anni was kidnapped and then murdered in Gugulethu township near Cape Town on November 13, 2010.
Mngeni was sentenced to life in prison for the murder but died in jail. Qwabe was sentenced to 25 years. Tongo was sentenced to 18 years following a plea bargain deal.
Dewani lost a four-year legal battle in the UK to avoid extradition to South Africa, and was sent in April this year to stand trial.
TAGS: Shrien Dewani
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Europe slowdown a worry  not China: Jim O NeilIf China slows below 7 percent for a while, I don’t think it is a big deal & the Chinese policy makers have broadly told us that they don’t think this is a big deal either.
Jim O'Neill
Former Chairman
Goldman Sachs
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Jim O’Neil, former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management and better known for coining the acronym ‘BRICS’, who has watched the global oil patterns closely for almost three decades spoke about how he sees the world economies playing out in 2015.
He is not overly worried of China growing below 7 percent. He says, "China growing by seven percent has the same global impact as if the US was growing by four percent or if Japan was growing by 10 percent or if the combined Germany, France and Italy were growing by 7 percent.”
However, he is worried about the pace of growth slowing in European countries like Italy, France and Germany, especially when the places of previous crisis are now showing stronger growth.
US he says is finishing 2014 on a good note and could see 3 percent next year.
The year 2014 was full of googlies for economists and investors. 12 months ago no one suspected crude will fall 30 percent and into a bear market this year. Nobody predicted that the commodity cycle including coal and iron ore and food grains will all tumble down so much.
However, some predictions came right like several economists had predicted that the US will recover and that Europe could see signs of recession. Also on the east forecasters didn’t quite estimate that the wave of Abenomics would fail to stimulate the Japanese economy and very few predicted that China would slow even below the 7.5 percent mark and thus cause the unprecedented commodities tumble.
Neither did anyone predict the falling global growth and that rising shale gas output would dethrone the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) from its status as the final arbiter of oil prices.
Below is the transcript of Dr Jim O'Neil’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh.
Q: One of the bigger surprises for global investors this year was the Chinese economy. Not everyone expected it to slow down to 7.5 percent and actually the latest number is even lower at 7.3 percent. What happens in 2015, does it slow even more towards seven percent?
A: These days I have no professional obligation or pressure to make such forecasts but what I would say is so far this decade China is the only BRIC that has grown by more than I assumed three years ago. I have very strong views about what these countries could grow up by the decade and China is so far growing by - growing since 2011 by about 8 percent. I expected it to grow by 7.5 percent.
So if China slows below 7 percent for a while, I don’t think it is a big deal and the Chinese policy makers have broadly told us that they don’t think this is a big deal either. Your viewers and listeners have to realise that China growing by seven percent has the same global impact as if the US was growing by four percent or if Japan was growing by 10 percent or if the combined Germany, France and Italy were growing by 7 percent. That is how big China is in size. China is going to be USD 10 trillion at the end of this year.
So, I don’t think it is a big deal if China grows just below 7 or just above 7 percent for a few quarters; it means their share of global Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is still rising sharply.
Q: To be sure seven percent is a very respectable pace of growth but commodity traders won’t agree with you. For this asset class a Chinese growth of 6.5 percent is much more painful than China growing at 7.5 percent. Hence, my question again; do you see China growing even less than seven percent?
A: I am going to be a typical economist and not really answer what you ask me, so I apologise. A lot of the commodity guys are still stuck too much with the old China model. The bearish case for commodities has been very clear to me for now for three years. China was focussed more on the quality of its growth and not so much on the quantity and with maybe some exceptions, but not many. That means that the huge Chinese demand of the previous decades is not going to keep rising at the same rate and particularly, as you have a supply response in some commodities like oil, I don’t know why people would want to be that optimistic for commodities to be honest.
Q: The Eurozone is in recession. Now what does 2015 hold for that continent? Does it recover at least by the second half of 2015?
A: Europe is the part of the world that concerns me the most. But that said there are lot of differences and there is a lot of complications. So if you look at some of the countries that went through the worst of the crisis like Spain, Portugal, Greece even the UK - of course all these places are now growing quite strongly and if the other parts of Europe were to grow by similar amounts overall European growth would be a real positive surprise next year. But the problem is you have now got weak growth in three big European places at the same time - Italy and France of course, and perhaps most importantly and surprisingly Germany.
So the previous crisis places are now showing much stronger growth but it is the core or the big core Germany and France and troubled Italy that show little and I am not sure in Italy and France how you are going to get that changing quickly and in Germany’s place it is pretty complex.
Q: What can be the socio-political ramifications of this prolonged slowdown in Europe? Will there be disruptive political groups or moves like exiting the euro?
A: We are having this discussion at a time when there is a lot of focus on additional economic stimulus particularly so called QE from the European Central Bank as well as interestingly some talk about infrastructure spending coming from the EU. As always when this happens the markets start to anticipate it and if it doesn’t happen then people are going to be really worried. So, it is very important that the policy makers follow through with the noises that they are making about these things. If they don’t you could have problems all over the place in Europe.
You see the rise of new political parties, this time a year ago in some cases didn’t even exist. There is one in Spain that is left of centre that literally didn’t exist a year ago and if there was an election tomorrow they would possibly be the most popular party. You have had something similar happening in Sweden. I kind of like what the Pope said earlier this week that European policy makers have got to stop being so almost asleep and do something of serious magnitude to try and generate growth otherwise we could have some serious political disruptions.
Q: Some level of quantitative easing (QE) has already begun. Do you see a more full blown QE in Europe next year? More asset buying by the ECB and stimulus's by the various governments.
A: I think it does lie in both of those things and below the core of it lies this sort of mental thing in Germany that because of Germany the ECB has a mandated inflation target of just below 2 percent but it is nowhere near that. The German policy makers should be both really worried and wanting to do things to help get it there but because of this historic German obsessions with hyper inflation they don’t and that is the real problem. They need somehow to be shaken out of that kind of style thinking.
Q: Do you think the US will easily finish this year with a 3 percent growth and do even better next year?
A: The US is finishing 2014 on a pretty strong note. We just had recently Q3 revised to 3.9 percent. So, there is a lot of momentum and there is a lot of decent things falling into place, oil prices declining is probably good for US consumers. So, feel there is a pretty good chance you could see 3 percent growth next year in the US.
What I would add however is that you have a incredible degree of consensus seemingly about that which makes me worried that there may be some surprise thing that could change that. I do not know what it is but it is very rare that so many people have the same view on something like this and everybody is right.
Q: What is your guess of what the Fed will do? Do you think they will hike rates by mid 2015?
A: Until very recently my expectation was that Fed would be starting to raise rates by the middle of next year. However if you look at actual inflation, measures of inflation expectations, the strength of the dollar, all these things suggest that it might be later rather than sooner. So, I am not so confident about my view on this topic as I would have been literally 4 weeks ago.
So, I think it is uncertain. The need for US interest rates to be so low is clearly no longer so high and at some point they have got to start raising them. So, that makes me think why don’t they start? However against that if you look at the way the Fed thinks all the reasons are suggesting keeping them as low for as long as they can.

Chinese  Uber  cabs gets $700 mn investment  biggest ever in mNetSahara Group awaits court verdict that may give jailed Subrata Roy freedom
Didi Taxi, China’s popular cab-hailing app similar to Uber, has attracted an investment worth more than USD 700 million, it was announced today, marking the biggest investment in China’s mobile internet sector.
Investment group DST, Singapore’s state-linked investment giant Temasek and China’s tech juggernaut Tencent were all involved.
It is one of the biggest single investments for China’s non-listed Internet companies.
Cheng Wei, the company’s CEO, said with the investment, Didi will ramp up research and development efforts for the application, and try to expand new businesses, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
With Tencent’s huge number of users (it has 468 million users on WeChat, its instant messaging service), the investment is expected to give Didi extra firepower in the taxi app market battle in China, said Liu Chiping, president of Tencent, the report said.
Similar to San Francisco-headquartered taxi service Uber, Didi Taxi was started in June 2012.
So far, it has more than 100 million registered users and over one million registered drivers, with more than 5.2 million transactions a day at the highest.
Didi’s service covers more than 300 cities in China.
TAGS: China Uber Cab
More from industry

Will Google be able to avoid Flipkart-style online glitch09:00 pm
Google's 72-hour shopping extravaganza starts at midnight tonight and Google says this will be bigger and better than its first two installments. But the big question is will Google manage to avoid a Flipkart-style online glitch?
Over 450 merchants offering deals that will leave the shop-a-holic in you drooling - that’s the carrot Google is dangling to Indian retailers, as it gets ready to launch its Motorola nexus 6 and chromecast exclusively in India.
From designer apparel brands to car-makers to real estate developers to home loan providers - everyone's busy gearing up for a slice of the action, as Indian shoppers look to get the biggest bang for their buck.
Ashish Purvankara, MD, Puravankara Group said: "We believe in pushing the customers in buying online rather than meeting in person -This online process is as simple as possible with very less money to block an apartment; there is flexibility and time for choosing - we target to sell 100 units on offer"
The fact that more merchants mean a bigger challenge in terms of technological support is not lost on Google. After all, it does not want its big sale to go the way e-tailer Flipkart's big billion day sale went a few months ago.
According to Rajan Anandan, MD, Google India, when an industry is growing so quickly, there are growing pains. "Sometimes the infra doesn't work, sometimes deliveries are not on time.”
“We have worked very hard over the last 2 months so that each of our 450 merchants are ready and out site is capable," he added.
E-tailers like Amazon, Myntra, Snapdeal and Jabong have also jumped on to Google’s platform for this event but not Flipkart. This e-tailer has decided to take on Google by holding its own discount festival - the "big app sale". But Google is not worried. Its 14-day road show ahead of this 3-day sale has already received a strong response, exceeding the traction it got for last year's event.
RELATED NEWS

Delhi rape: Accused Uber cab driver s friends questioned7
1
New Delhi: Police on Tuesday questioned two friends of the Uber cab driver, accused of raping a 27-year-old executive on Friday night. However, they did not find any criminal record of the two and did not find any culpability on the duo in the case. Meanwhile, police personnel took the accused to Mathura to recover the smartphone which had the Uber App used
during the crime.
Police has already recovered two of the three phones used by Yadav.
Police has already recovered two of the three phones used by Yadav.
#delhi uber cab rape #uber cabs #rape #crime against women
"The phone is an important evidence for us. It will prove that he works for Uber which will help us prove the culpability of the cab service," said a senior police official.
The duo, identified as Gaurav and Kamal, are friends of 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav, who used to drive Swift Dzire cab at times. "One of the phones used by Yadav was on Gaurav's name. We had first reached him during preliminary investigation and it was he who had put us on Yadav's trail," a senior police officer associated with the probe said.
"We questioned the two to gather more facts about Yadav. Swift Dzire belonged to the accused and Gaurav and Kamal also used to drive the car at times. However, these two (persons) were not registered with Uber," he said.
Yadav, who was driving an Uber cab, had allegedly raped a 27-year-old financial executive, who works for a multinational company in Gurgaon, on Friday night when she was headed back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area. He was later arrested from Mathura and is under three-day police custody.
2

Delhi rape: Another woman says she complained about the Uber driver28
1
New Delhi: The sexual assault case filed by the women against the Uber cab driver is not the first complaint by a woman passenger against the driver. Another young woman Nidhi Shah has now came forward saying she had complained against him earlier this month but the Uber officials took no action. A mail from Uber to Nidhi Shah expresses regret, but offers no concrete action.
"I've faced this problem with Uber only in India," said the women. "I decided to file a complaint with Uber because he was making me uncomfortable through out the trip," she added.
Nidhi Shah  said that the cab driver was staring at her from the rear view mirror and she suspect that Yadav was constantly switching off the gps in the car.
The sexual assault case filed by the women against the Uber cab driver is not the first complaint by a woman passenger against the driver.
#uber cab #sexual assault #nidhi shah #cab driver
The accused had been booked in several other cases in the last eight years. He has a sexual assault case, two molestation cases and an Arms Act case registered against him between 2006 and 2013. In 2011, Yadav spent seven months in Tihar jail in another sexual assault case in Delhi but was later acquitted.
158

Two killed  15 escape in Jharkhand jailbreakTwo killed, 15 escape in Jharkhand jailbreak
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  JAMSHEDPUR  , December 10, 2014
First Published: 00:07 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
In an audacious breach of jail security, at least 15 prisoners of Jharkhand’s Chaibasa jail fled, spraying pepper powder into the eyes of guards and dodging bullets of jail sentries that killed two of them — both alleged Maoists —and injuring three others.
Advertisement
The incident occurred on Tuesday evening at around 4.30 pm when all the 54 under-trail prisoners were being taken back to the jail campus after attending their hearings at the Chaibasa court.
The deceased have been identified as Tipa Das and Ramvilas Tanti. The injured are undergoing treatment at a local hospital.
DGP Rajiv Kumar said, “We will probe and take punitive actions if a conspiracy is found.” Deputy inspector general of Kolhan, Mohammad Nehal, called it a pre-planned conspiracy and said that Maoist support was suspected behind the incident. An internal investigation has been started, he added.
“Two have been killed, three injured and 15 under-trials managed to escape in the incident. Most of them are in judicial custody in Maoist related cases and police are investigating documents of the escaped accused in order to speed-up the investigation. The police will unearth the conspiracy as soon as possible and prisoners will be taken back to jail soon”, the DIG added.
The prisoners reportedly took advantage of the presence of crowds during the town’s Mangla Haat (Tuesday market) outside the jail and managed to escape.
The Chaibasa jail has a capacity of 321 prisoners. Currently around 980 prisoners — including over 100 accused Maoists of which 25 are allegedly hardcore Maoists— and over 30 women are housed there.

http://www.boston.com/fo...Last week, Edelman ordered what he thought was $53.35 worth of Chinese food from Sichuan Garden’s Brookline Village location .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Edelman soon came to the horrifying realization that he had been overcharged. By a total of $4.
If you’ve ever wondered what happens when a Harvard Business School professor thinks a family-run Chinese restaurant screwed him out of $4, you’re about to find out.
(Hint: It involves invocation of the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Statute and multiple threats of legal action.)
Surprised yet? We were, too.
In addition to teaching at HBS, Edelman also operates a consulting practice where he advises clients like Microsoft, the NFL, the New York Times, and Universal Music on “preventing and detecting online fraud (especially advertising fraud).” (That’s from Edelman’s own website , which it seems safe to presume is always kept up to date.)
He graduated summa cum laude from Harvard College.  He has a Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University, and a law degree from Harvard Law School.
Ran Duan moved to the U.S. from China when he was 3-years-old. His father had hoped to support the family with a career as an opera singer, but when that didn’t pan out, Duan says “like all Chinese families we decided to open up a restaurant.”
Sichuan Garden opened its doors in Brookline in the early 1990s. A second location followed in Woburn.
Despite the restaurant’s successful expansion, Duan admittted that Sichuan does not have the budget for teams devoted to public relations or a website that is updated as regularly as it should be.
Screenshot of Sichuan Garden’s website as of December 9.
“I personally respond to every complaint and try to handle every situation personally,” said Duan, who was profiled by Boston Magazine in June and featured in GQ Magazine last month as “America’s Most Imaginative Bartender.”
The exchange with Edelman stood out to Duan. “I have worked so hard to make my family proud and to elevate our business. It just broke my heart.”
Edelman told Boston.com that investigating pricing discrepancies by neighborhood restaurants isn’t something he does every day.
“I mostly look for malfeasance by larger companies,” he said. “It certainly seems like a situation that could call for legal redress. But this is a small business in the town where I reside.”
As for the troves of angry customers likely looking for recourse? Edelman pointed Boston.com to Massachusetts General Law, Section XV, Chapter 93A, Section 9 . (Translation: If you didn’t pass the Massachusetts bar, but still feel as though you must do SOMETHING, then just gather all the receipts you’ve saved, along with all screenshots you took and saved of the website menu in case that dinner order ever ended up in court, find a lawyer whose fees aren’t likely to exceed the few dollars you’re seeking, and ... voila?)
As for Edelman, he alerted town officials in Brookline about the matter, but told Boston.com he doesn’t expect them to take action. He plans to “take a few days” before deciding whether to pursue any further legal action against the restaurant.
Oh and the food? Edelman admitted: “It was delicious.”
Follow me @lilsarg as I scour the Internet for menu pricing discrepancies. Email me at sargent@boston.com .
WE THINK YOU'LL LIKE

RIL to sell 49% in Vimal to Chinese companyRIL to sell 49% in Vimal to Chinese company
Registration must for brokerages  analysts: SebiYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
Registration must for brokerages, analysts, says market regulator Sebi
ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 05.23AM IST
Tags:
sebi
(But, independent research…)
MUMBAI: Research analysts employed with a research firm or a brokerage house are not required to obtain registration certificate from the capital market regulator Sebi. However, firms that employ these analysts are required to obtain the certificate, the Sebi clarified on Tuesday.
"The individuals employed as research analyst by research entity are required to comply with qualification and certification requirements as specified in the regulations", the Sebi said while answering queries on the new regulations on research analysts.
But, independent research analysts, who are not employed with any registered firm, are required to obtain the certificate from the market regulator, it said.
Firms or individual analysts must file an application within the period of six months from December 01, 2014 to get the registration.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GST to be implemented from April 2016: SinhaGST to be implemented from April 2016: Sinha
U.S. Lawmakers Agree on Spending BillU.S. Lawmakers Agree on Spending Bill
Look at Your Own Star With a Mobile AppLook at Your Own Star With a Mobile App
Journalists under new Sebi normsJournalists under new Sebi norms
Fast Asia Open - What follows the Shanghai ScareAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; have strong support at 8290Federal Reserve
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Wednesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to head lower, but may bounce back from its key support levels of 8,290-8,280.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 35 points lower at 8,353, indicating a negative opening on the domestic market.
Selling pressure continued throughout the trading session to conclude the day with a loss of 97 points at 8340. The Sensex lost another 322 points and ended at 27,792.
"Nifty breached the support of 8420 in trade on Tuesday and confirmed further weakness. It now has support placed at 8290-8280 range, which is an important swing low on the charts as well as the 38.20% Fibonacci Retracement of the entire advance from 7723 till 8626," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 8420 would now act as a resistance for the index in the next few sessions," added the report.
The index has now broken below its crucial psychological support level of 8350, and the short-term trend is clearly on the downside which may push the index lower by another 150-200 points.
"It has been two days of sharp correction and it looks like that the trend is clearly on the downside, so if somebody has not exited long, it is bad news," said Mitesh Thacker , Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com.
"We are eventually heading towards 8,200 to about 8,180 on the downside and that is where some kind of support and consolidation might happen; but, for the time being the trend is on the downside, use bounce backs to sell if you are holding only short positions, keep holding them," he added.
Overnight, US stocks ended flat as concerns about global weakness and political turmoil were offset by gains in technology and energy shares.
"Greece unnerved investors after the government brought a presidential vote forward in a political gamble that raised uncertainty over the country's transition out of its bailout," Reuters reported.
"Adding to the cautious tone was uncertainty over whether the US Federal Reserve will change its pledge to keep rates near zero for a "considerable time" when policymakers meet next week," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 51.28 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 17,801.2, the S&P 500 lost 0.49 points, or 0.02 per cent, to 2,059.82 and the Nasdaq Composite added 25.77 points, or 0.54 per cent, to 4,766.47.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was trading 1.4 per cent lower at 17,564 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.01 per cent higher at 23,486. China's Shanghai index was trading 0.13 per cent higher at 2,860.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Savvy investors bet on gilt fundsSavvy investors bet on gilt funds outperforming stocks
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 09.09AM IST
Tags:
Crude Oil Prices
(“There is a chance that…)
MUMBAI: Gilt funds investing in government securities with longer duration are increasingly gaining popularity among savvy investors, who are betting on this fixed income category to outperform stocks over the next six months if the Reserve Bank of India starts cutting rates early next year. With the stock market's valuations considered to be rich after Sensex returned almost 34 per cent this year, these investors believe there is better scope for money to be made from these funds.
Gilt funds invest in government securities and fetch maximum returns on capital appreciation from a rally in bond prices. When interest rates or bond yields fall, bond prices rise; bond yields or rates and prices move in opposite direction.
With the current 10-year benchmark trading at a yield of 7.9 per cent, investors could earn an absolute return of 7.5 per cent over a six-month time frame, said analysts. This translates into annualised returns of 15 per cent. "A portfolio having an average maturity of 15 years could give you capital appreciation of as much as 3-4 per cent if interest rates fall by 50 basis points," said Vikram Dalal, managing director, Synergee Capital. Dalal recommends HDFC Gilt Fund (Long term), IDFC Government Securities Fund and ICICI Prudential Long Term Gilt Fund for investments.
Gilt funds attracted net inflows of Rs 814 crore in November — the highest monthly net inflows in 15 months, according to industry body AMFI. "There is a chance that gilt funds could outperform the Sensex over the next six months as the market consolidates and waits for growth to come back," said Jignesh Shah, founder, Capital Advisors.
In the last one year, gilt funds (medium and long-term) have given average returns of 16.3 per cent, as per mutual fund tracker Value Research . Expectations of a rate cut in the next policy review meeting are high with inflation declining amid a fall in global crude oil prices .
Investors are hoping for a repeat of the performance in 2001 and 2002, when government securities (Gsecs) gained roughly 24 per cent each in both the years. In 2001, the Sensex fell 17.9 per cent, while in 2002, the index rose 3.5 per cent. "With valuations at 18 times one-year forward earnings, the Sensex could consolidate and look for cues from corporates before moving ahead," said Shah.
He said investors need to be aware of the risks in investing in gilt funds. Investments in these funds could backfire if there is a delay in rate cuts or if the US Fed raises interest rates more aggressively than expected.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Barack Obama: Some of CIA s harsh methods were  brutalBarack Obama: Some of CIA s harsh methods were  brutal
Background check mandatory for Bengaluru cab driversBackground check mandatory for Bengaluru cab drivers
Russia and India have a huge potential of bilateral trade and economic cooperation: Vladimir PutinRussia and India have a huge potential of bilateral trade and economic cooperation: Vladimir Putin
Uber case: Why not to ban taxi cos | CoverageUber case: Why not to ban taxi cos | Coverage
Uber cab service banned in Delhi over rape incidentUber cab service banned in Delhi over rape incident
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 00:00 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Uber cab service company, whose driver has been arrested for raping a 27-year-old woman in New Delhi on Friday, has been banned in the national capital.
Meanwhile, the CEO of taxi company Uber on Sunday posted a message on the company's blog to condemn the incident in New Delhi where a woman was raped by the cab's driver.
In the first message, Travis Kalanick offered his company's full support to bring the perpetrator to justice, but shifted the blame on the government saying - "We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs."
The complete message by the CEO on Uber's blog:
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women."
In another statement posted on the blog, the company said:
"This is an abhorrent crime. Our thoughts remain with the victim who has shown tremendous courage under the circumstances.
Upon being notified of this incident, our team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant details, including:
- driver (name, age, photo, complete driver's license details, bank verified address)
- vehicle (license, registration, insurance, state-issued driver permit)
- trip details (trip data, route, pick-up & drop-off location)
Safety is our #1 priority and in India, Uber exclusively partners with registered for-hire drivers who have undergone the commercial licensing process, hold government issued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance. Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform - information that has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice.
We will also work with the community, with government and the technology industry to find more ways to promote safety in transportation, particularly for women - both here in Delhi and throughout India."

This War of Mine game reviewComments
By Christopher Byrd December 8
Developed by 11 bit studios, "This War of Mine" is a 2014 war survival video game that you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city. (Deep Silver)
This War of Mine
Publisher: 11 bit studios
Available on: PC
I made the mistake of putting a kettle on the stove before sitting down to start “This War of Mine” – a game about civilian life during wartime. Imperceptibly, I was entranced by helping a trio of men eke out a menial existence in a fictional (though evocatively Eastern European) corner of the world. I didn’t hear the kettle’s whistle cover its octave range, and when at last I thought of the tea I’d planned to make, a spasm of panic sent me bolting from the chair. It goes without saying I had to refill the kettle since most of the water had evaporated, a luxury the game’s protagonists could only wish for.
A determinist might say that “This War of Mine” could only spring from a country as haunted by continental strife as Poland, which is where 11 bit studios is based. Just as European art films have often served as self-conscious counterweights to Hollywood’s output, “This War of Mine” is a shining alternative to the swamp of militaristic shooters out there that seldom engage with the effects of warfare outside of the radius of expended munitions. Therefore, it’s tempting to inflate the game’s symbolic value and to fancy it an act of contrition on the behalf of an industry that has reveled in too many bullets.
Apart from its thematic novelty, its gameplay is an elementary affair. If you can click on a mouse, you can play this game. To an inspired degree, these unintimidating point-and-click mechanics work in concert with its graphic-novel art style. Unlike this year’s “Valiant Hearts,” which tried to tell a humane story about ordinary people struggling through World War 1, “This War of Mine” avoids the frivolous video game elements — like driving a car and swerving to avoid bombs to the tune of Brahms’ “Hungarian Dance No. 5” — that hobbled Ubisoft’s title.
At the start of “This War of Mine,” you are introduced to a small number of people whose composition changes with subsequent playthroughs. Your first order of business is to explore the shelled building that houses your refugees and to gather resources that can be used for constructing basic household items like a bed, a stove, and a chair. Because time in the game runs swiftly and you only have until nightfall to complete yours tasks, it’s incumbent upon you to keep all of your people as productively occupied as possible. Thus you will find yourself constantly panning the screen to see what has been completed and what remains to be done. At night, you must decide who will sleep in a bed, or on the floor if none is available; who will stand guard in case of bandits; and who will venture forth to scavenge for food and supplies.
(Courtesy of 11 bit studios )
Each of your group’s members have their own attributes: e.g., one may be strong but slow rendering him ideal for clearing away obstacles like fortifications, whereas another might be stealthy, making her good at infiltrating heavily patrolled areas. Early in the game, you will probably rely upon those with the largest knapsacks so as to score the greatest number of items; however, your decisions will grow thornier as the days accumulate.
Fatigue, hunger, sickness, and depression are variables to contend with. What do you do if, for example, your star scavenger returns in the morning to find that bandits have raided the shelter and injured your guard(s)? Do you send her to bed so that she can be in optimal condition to forage come nightfall, or do you put her to work so as to allow whoever is ailing to recuperate?
Before you know it, these survival calculations take on a moral cast. The most impressive feature of the game is how it systematically makes you weigh tradeoffs. Food, for example, requires fuel and purified water to be cooked. Cooking two meals is more fuel efficient than one but requires additional ingredients. There were times when I chose to let my people starve so as to conserve fuel for other activities (such as the manufacturing of items that could be traded on the black market) and hoped that extra foodstuffs would turn up so I could prepare two meals instead of one. Then there were occasions where I sent my least healthy characters into the most dangerous situations because their ailments were too expensive to treat.
No one, however, is truly expendable since death can undercut group morale. There were moments when I couldn’t rouse a starving character to eat and when another committed suicide during the night.
Remarkably, “This War of Mine” manages to plumb such stark territory without sacrificing the kind of gameplay hooks that will make you yearn to want to give it another go should you fail to reach the end of the war. As you modify your strategies, your odds of survival ratchet up. If, for instance, food-stealing bandits are a constant nuisance, you might start sending your scavenger out at night with a partial supply of the group’s food to hedge your bets. While on another playthrough, you might rush to create a distillery in order to create bootleg items for trade. Sometimes however, the game will throw you a curve by forcing you to deal with inclement weather or a sick individual from the very beginning.
Though I certainly believe that video games are an art form, there are precious few games that I would hold up as works of art, which for me – in its narrative varieties at least – has something to do with extending one’s capacity for empathy or adding depth to one’s sense of the human condition.  On both counts “This War of Mine” succeeds. Indeed, one could easily imagine it being incorporated into the classroom to function as an interactive supplement alongside books like “All Quiet on the Western Front” or “Dispatches.”
Now pardon me while I feel bad about the circumstances that pushed me to steal from an old couple. (Please note: I tried to leave them with as much food as I could.)
Christopher Byrd is a Brooklyn-based writer who has been playing video games since the days of the Atari 2600. His writing has appeared in the New York Times Book Review, The Barnes & Noble Review, Al Jazeera America, the Guardian, and elsewhere. Follow him on Twitter  @Chris_Byrd .
More game reviews:

9 Tips For Making Painting A Part Of Your Daily Life Next Yearreddit
Painting is easy, you just have to ask the right advisees. "Painting is just another way of keeping a diary," Picasso proclaimed. "Painting is self-discovery," said Jackson Pollock. "Painting is easy when you don't know how," Edgar Degas said, rather encouragingly. So why isn't there an easel and painter's palette in every home? Why didn't we follow in Bob Ross' footsteps years ago, and nudge amateur artists to pick up a brush and experiment with happy little trees?
In a new book titled Daily Painting, author and artist Carol Marine has written a short treatise on behalf of the medium. Paint small and often, she encourages in her 182-page tome, part how-to, part history lesson. She outlines the power of daily painting, the materials to get your started, the tips to keep you going and the best solutions for creative block. "While the idea of painting every day may sound overwhelming, let me assure you," Marine writes in the book's introduction, "there are no specific rules or requirements."
A new year is around the corner, and with another dropping of the ball comes another month of resolutions. Some promise to work out or finish that novel they carry in their tote bag. But we suggest you take to painting. Here are 9 tips for making painting a part of your daily life next year:
1. Start Small
"When you're only doing large works, you often feel a compulsion to get things 'finished'... With this mentality, it can be difficult to do any kind of real experimenting. But with small paintings that take only an hour or so, you can try several new things every day."
2. Don't Get Overwhelmed By Materials
There are no right or wrong materials. "It takes time to find a painting surface that works for you. I recommend trying as many surfaces as you can, experimenting, and not settling until you find one you love. What I use may not work for you, depending on your medium and painting style."
That being said, Marine does recommend a few pieces of equipment to get you on the right track. You don't necessarily need an easel (a David Sorg model is the Cadillac of easels, per Marine) or a taboret (a tool cabinet on wheels from a home improvement store works), but when it comes to canvas, paint and brushes here are her suggestions: Silver Brush Bristlon brights, Utrecht Art Supplies' oil paint, and Ampersand Gessobords. Bonus -- Old Masters Brush Cleaner.
3. Paint Everything, Or Anything
Marine presents six subject areas: still lifes and flowers, landscapes, animals, people (including self-portraits!), cars and buildings and abstracts. One exercise for still-life enthusiasts involves wandering around your house looking for one or more simple objects to paint. "Consider objects like fruit, vegetables, simple one-color cup or mug, plate, silverware, vase, flower, toaster and so on. Now find a simple one-color background (paper or fabric) and set up a still life."
We suggest channeling Claes Oldenburg or Wayne Thiebaud . And for some self-portrait inspiration, try Frida Kahlo or good ol' Vincent van Gogh.
4. Explore Your Own Neighborhood For Inspiration
"Take a walk around your neighborhood with your camera, looking for scenes that interest you. Keep an open mind. What you might first take as ugly could have incredibly interesting colors and values. Take lots of pictures. For every good one, you might have to take one hundred bad ones. When you get home, look through your pictures on your computer so you see them nice and big. Squint at each one to get a better sense of whether the composition and values are interesting -- use your instinct. Choose one image." And voila!
5. Learn The Lingo
So what do value and composition mean? Value is the lightness or the darkness of a color. Take, for example, a white mug. When you gaze upon such a monochromatic cup, you might notice the shadows and lighting manipulate the way that one white color appears. It might seem like an impossible concept, but Marine has advice here too. "Spend some time with charcoal, paper, and some simple subjects. Work from life (because cameras skew value a lot) and before you begin, ask yourself: Where is my darkest value? Where is my lightest value? Where do the others fall on the value scale? How do all the values relate to each other? It can be helpful to simplify the values into big shapes in your head so they're easier to deal with."
Composition is essentially the arrangement of visual elements in a work. One could teach an entire class on composition, but for Marine, it boils down to this: "Trust only your instinct at first."
6. Dive Into Color Mixing
Color theory is another one of those ideas that's launched an entire subclass of studies at art institutes across the world. But, there's also a modicum of subjectivity when it comes to assessing the saturation of color. Here's a quick exercise Marine includes in the book: Combine two yellow colors, three reds and two blues on a palette. Mix two of these at a time to create six oranges, four greens and six purples. Document the mixing of these colors in a grid (three-by-six panels), placing the most saturated colors on the left. The color difference will be subtle, Marine notes, but you'll get a better feel for the nuances of color this way.
7. Sketch, Sketch And Sketch
One of the best ways to master proportion and perspective in painting: sketch first. In fact, there's an entire book on making sketching a part of your daily life. It's here !
8. Fight Artist's Block
In five steps. One, take a workshop to spark new ideas based on someone else's experiences. Two, tackle some new subject matter by switching from still lifes to portraits, or landscapes to animals, even if you're not comfortable with the genre yet. Three, try another medium by switching your paint or surface. Four, change your environment or perspective. Five, explore an alternate creative outlet like photography.
9. Don't Make Excuses. It Really Can Fit Into A Busy Schedule.
"It can be daunting (to the point of endless procrastination) to think of fitting art in... But if you can find a corner (and it can be a small one, since daily painting shouldn't take up a lot of space), have your stuff always set up, and get in the habit of producing one small painting each day that may take an hour to complete, the idea is far less daunting."
Daily Painting is available through Random House here .
Related on HuffPost:

Oil prices hit five-year lows on oversupply worriesOil prices fall below US $66 per barrel to hit five-year lows on oversupply worries
Adam Rose     Beijing   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 15:58 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Brent crude prices fell again on Tuesday to a five-year low, dropping below US $66 a barrel after plunging over 4 per cent on Monday on worries of a swelling oil supply glut.
Oil prices are likely to remain around US $65 a barrel for the next six or seven months, the chief of Kuwait's national oil company said on Monday, in the latest sign that Gulf producers are ready to ride out slumping prices .
Industry sources said on Tuesday top oil producer Saudi Arabia will keep oil supplies at full contracted volumes for Asian term buyers in January.
Brent crude price for January delivery hit an intra-day low of US $65.33 on Tuesday, its lowest since September 2009. The benchmark was trading 83 cents lower at US $65.36 by 1:00 pm.
Brent prices dropped US $2.88 on Monday, to settle at US $66.19 a barrel, its third-largest single-day loss in 2014.
"Short term sentiment is to remain weak for crude oil , given the oversupply expected in 2015," ANZ analysts said in a note.
Norwegian brokerage DNB Markets cut its outlook for Brent crude by US $10 for 2015 and by US $5 for 2016 on Tuesday, noting that Brent prices in the US $50-level is a possibility.
"Although talks of oil reaching its bottom are more rampant, we fail to see a reversal coming without stronger fundamentals," said Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures in a note, adding that Brent crude for February delivery could fall as low as US $60.
Brent crude prices have fallen more than 40 per cent since June, with losses growing in late November after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) decided against cutting its output target.
Since then, Saudi Arabia has cut monthly prices for the crude it sells to the United States and Asia, a move that analysts say shows it is stepping up its battle for market share.
US crude prices dipped 55 cents to US $62.50 a barrel on Tuesday, after briefly hitting US $62.25, its lowest since July 2009. The fuel's price fell by 4.2 per cent, or US $2.79, to end at US $63.05 on Monday.
It remains to be seen when the price slump will slow the US shale boom. New US projections show production from the big three US shale plays should carry on growing at more than 100,000 barrels per day into January.
However, many companies are already starting to make deep cuts to spending for 2015.
(Reuters)

RIL hits overseas debt market with $1 billion bond saleReliance Industries hits overseas debt market with $1 billion bond sale
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 08:24 IST
RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani (Photo: Reuters)
Reliance Industries (RIL) on Tuesday hit the international debt market to raise up to $1 billion (about Rs 6,150 crore) by selling 10-year dollar-denominated bonds.
While the company refused to confirm or deny the development citing market sensitivity of the issue, market sources said the dollar-bond sale programme is already in the market and the Mukesh Ambani-led company will close the issue tonight.
The largest private sector company has raised $3.3 billion in overseas debt this year so far and today's issue will take the overall debt raising to $4.3 billion by it.
In January 2013, Reliance became the first company from Asia to issue $ 800 million worth of perpetual debt to international investors at a coupon rate of 5.875 per cent.
A perpetual bond is one which has no fixed maturity date.
Ambani has unveiled an over Rs 1.8 trillion capex plan for the next three years with a good portion of that going into his soon to be launched telecom venture under the brand name Reliance Jio, into which the company has announced a whopping $12 billion investment.
It can be noted that in April this year the company had tied up for $550 million from Japanese investment agency JICA and $800 million in September this year from the Korean Exim Bank.
Traditionally, much of RIL's investments are being funded through overseas borrowings.
Despite sitting on a cash pile of close Rs 84,000 crore, the company is one of the most prolific borrowers with its total debt outstanding standing at over Rs 1.4 trillion as of the September quarter.
The company has hired as many as 11 i-bankers including HSBC , Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Standard Chartered.
Investors have lapped debt issuance by domestic corporates like hot cakes with international bond sale rising 52 per cent so far this year to sniff at $ 20 billion over the same period last year, according to industry estimates.

Lending rates can be cut when credit picks up: SBIDec 09, 2014, 10.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Lending rates can be cut when credit picks up: SBI
If the deposit rates are very high, it is difficult for banks to lower lending rates, the SBI chairman added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lending rates can be cut when credit picks up: SBI
If the deposit rates are very high, it is difficult for banks to lower lending rates, the SBI chairman added.
Post your opinion here
 
State Bank of India  chief Arundhati Bhattacharya today said the cut in lending rates can only happen when credit picks up.
"What the banks are waiting for is a little bit more of a sign of a credit pick-up. Whatever we say, when we cut the lending rates our income comes down and we need some other ways of making up that income to keep paying interest on deposits. That can always happen if the credit growth is quite robust and volume picks up.
"But when the volumes are very thin and if you are not seeing that kind of a clear pipeline, then it is very difficult to cut lending rates. So, I think most of us are waiting to see a little bit more of a pick-up in credit," Bhattacharya told reporters on the sidelines of the bank launching the country's first economic indicator, SBI Composite Index today.
The credit growth is slowly inching up and is definitely better than the growth up to September, she said. "Retail growth is alright. On the corporate side also we are seeing a little bit growth now, though new projects are still a challenge," she said.
If the deposit rates are very high, it is difficult for banks to lower lending rates, the SBI chairman added.
In the second quarter SBI slashed deposit rates thrice, followed by reductions in October and November. Last week some other lenders such as HDFC Bank , ICICI Bank  and IDBI Bank  also reduced deposit rates.
"The fact that we are adjusting on the deposit taking side means that going forward all of us are seeing a rate cut. But exactly when it will happen is not something I can really tell you now," Bhattacharya said.
During the December 2 policy announcement, the Reserve Bank left key rates unchanged, while in the past 15 months it has increased rates by 75 bps to 8 percent.
Bhattacharya said a repo rate cut by the Reserve Bank may not have much of an impact on bank's cost of funds as lenders are borrowing very little from this window now as there is no demand for overnight money.
"If you see the liquidity condition of the banks, they are hardly taking anything from the repo," she said. Though repo rate gives a signal that things are looking to pick up but it does not make a difference in banks' cost of funds because banks borrowing from repo window is minuscule, she stated.
"I don't think a repo rate cut is going to make any big difference in our cost of funds. So, a 25 or a 50 bps cut doesn't really make all that a great difference," Bhattacharya said, adding that softening of money market rates does not have any impact on the bank as it doesn't access the market.
"All the banks are much more dependent on deposit rates rather than the money market borrowing and that is why deposit and rate of deposits play an important role for us."
Last week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had chided banks not passing on the low interest rates to customers, thereby preventing monetary transmission, despite a steep 70 bps fall in money market rates since July.
Talking about the aviation industry, Bhattacharya said it is a very tough industry and it is not made easier with the kind of rules the country has.
On a specific query on SpiceJet , she said SBI does not have any exposure to the airline.
The troubled airline in the September quarter report had mentioned SBI, Allahabad Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI and City Union Bank among others as its lenders.
Asked whether the bank will be looking at unlocking its value in its insurance businesses, Bhattacharya said, "Right now I don't know whether we will be doing it or not, but definitely we will look at the roadmap".
The much-awaited report of the Parliamentary Select Committee is believed to have endorsed most provisions of the Insurance Amendment Bill, including a composite cap of 49 percent for FDI and other foreign investments.
"We have to find out what our JV partners want. We have already talked to them but we have to see how it goes. We need to have some surety that the Bill is passed and only then things will be crystallised.
SBI stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  12:12 hrs State Bank of India was quoting at Rs 301.05, up Rs 5.15, or 1.74 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2977.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 287.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.18. The latest book value of the company is Rs 158.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.90.
RELATED NEWS

Brent crude oil hits 5-year low near $65 in volatile tradeBrent
(Prices briefly reversed…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell to a 5-year low near $65 a barrel in volatile trade on Tuesday, sliding for a sixth consecutive session on signs of a growing supply glut.
Prices briefly reversed losses to trade higher ahead of the US open, with some investors betting the 40 percent-plus price slide since June was overdone.
But as US equity markets opened lower oil prices quickly came off again, with traders refocusing on how fast-growing US shale output has hurt the ability of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to manage supply.
"Although talks of oil reaching its bottom are more rampant, we fail to see a reversal coming without stronger fundamentals," Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
Brent crude for January delivery was down 28 cents at $65.91 a barrel by 1447 GMT after falling as low as $65.29, its weakest since September 2009. Brent dropped 4.2 percent or $2.88 on Monday in its third-largest one-day loss this year.
US crude was down 7 cents at $62.98 a barrel, after hitting $62.25, its lowest since July 2009. It fell 4.2 percent or $2.79 on Monday.
Supply and demand will set the price of oil in coming months, an oil official from the United Arab Emirates said on Tuesday, in the latest sign OPEC Gulf producers are ready to weather lower prices after declining to cut output last month.
Industry sources said top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia would keep crude sales at full contracted volumes for Asian term buyers in January, while the head of Kuwait's national oil company said on Monday oil would remain around $65 for months.
Commodity prices took some support on Tuesday from a dip in the dollar, which slid by about 0.6 percent against a basket of currencies, though it remains up about 12 percent since May. A weaker US unit makes commodities priced in the dollar cheaper for holders of other currencies.
Brent averaged around $110 between 2011 and 2013 and topped $115 in June. Losses accelerated in late November after OPEC decided against reducing its output target, despite its forecasts of a surplus and calls from members including Iran and Venezuela to cut production.
Since then, Saudi Arabia and second-largest OPEC producer Iraq have cut monthly prices for the United States and Asia, in a move some analysts say shows OPEC members are competing for market share.
New US projections show oil production from the big three US shale plays should grow by more than 100,000 barrels per day by January.
However, many shale companies are starting to make deep cuts to spending for next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1Ac9FniFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
App introduces automatic password changer
LOS ANGELES: Changing passwords is a pain, so password manager Dashlane has come up with an easier way to do it.  Instead of going from website to website to make changes, Dashlane Tuesday
Post to Facebook
App introduces automatic password changer LOS ANGELES: Changing passwords is a pain, so password manager Dashlane has come up with an easier way to do it.  Instead of going from website to website to make changes, Dashlane Tuesday Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AbpL0u
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
App introduces automatic password changer
Dashlane, the password manager app, introduces a new feature to keep you safer by automatically changing your passwords. #TalkingTech.
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 1:04 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Dashlane co-founder Alexis Fogel. Dashlane is a popular password manager app.
(Photo: Sean Fujiwara)
73 CONNECT 77 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES — Changing passwords is a pain, so password manager Dashlane has come up with an easier way to do it.
Instead of going from website to website to make changes, Dashlane Tuesday adds a new feature to do it automatically within the app.
Password Changer is touted as a one click solution for constant security breaches. The software generates the combinations of letters, numbers and symbols on multiple websites to throw off hackers.
The service is in beta, and available at http://dashlane.com/password-changer-beta
In the wake of so many Internet hacks in 2014, password manager apps have emerged as a popular way to generate tough passwords with symbols, letters and numbers, and to keep track of them.
Just last week, Dashlane competitor PasswordBox was sold to Intel, and will be part of the chip giant's security suite.
Most password managers are free, and charge when you use more advanced features, like syncing passwords among multiple devices.
Screenshot of Dashlane's new password generator
(Photo: Dashlane)
Dashlane, for instance, is free for its 2.5 million members on one computer, but charges $39.99 to keep track of passwords on phones, computers, tablets and the like.
In a world where we are now encouraged to have a new password for every website we visit, "managing different passwords is really painful," says Dashlane co-founder Alexis Fogel.  "Whenever anything happens, you have to change it over and over again. Now, just go to the app, and everything is changed for you."
Dashlane's Password Generator is in beta, and works with a set number of 50 websites, which Dashlane hopes to expand over the next few months. (The list includes Amazon, Dropbox, eBay, Facebook, Google, PayPal, Twitter and Yahoo.
In adding this new feature, Dashlane acquired New York startup PassOmatic, the company that created the automatic password change technology. Terms were not disclosed.
Passwords are changed by opening the app, going to the Generator feature, and choosing which website to change. Dashlane picks the hard to crack collection of numbers, symbols and letters for you, instead of the choices most people make—their names, addresses and "password" or "123456."
For now, you have to change each website password one by one, but Fogel says Dashlane will add an auto feature that lets you change all of your combined passwords with just one click.
The average Dashlane user has 50 passwords, and learned the hard way that using the same password on all of them is an invitation to be hacked. "Even if just one account gets hacked, your entire digital identity is at risk," says Fogel.
Emmanuel Schalit, Dashlane's CEO, says his goal is to make passwords "irrelevant for consumers," and to have an app that people use and "never need to know, type, remember of even change their passwords."
Dashlane has received $30 million in funding from Bessemer Venture Partners, FirstMark Capital and Rho Ventures.

California Prosecutors Sue Uber; Lyft SettlesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

SpiceJet assures DGCA; regulator seeks concr...SpiceJet tries to assure DGCA; regulator seeks 'concrete plan'
ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 10.27AM IST
Tags:
Airports Authority of India
(SpiceJet had a day long board…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Executives of SpiceJet and its parent, the Sun Group, met India's aviation regulator on Thursday to assure him of the airline's ability to survive. Officials at the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said they wouldn't soften their tough stand on the beleaguered carrier unless it produces a "concrete plan."
"They (SpiceJet) have told us that they are preparing a definitive plan, which they will present to us. They also wanted us to relax the advancing booking limit, which we have limited to one month. We have told them to come up with a definitive plan before December 15, 2014, and any decision will be taken based on their plan," said an official at the regulator's office, who did not want to be named.
SpiceJet officials also met officials of the state owned Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials. However, AAI has declined to relax its stand and the airline will be put on cash-and-carry if it does not make payments to the airport operator by Wednesday, according to people familiar with the matter.
Tuesday was the first time that executives from Sun Group headed by its finance chief SL Narayanan came to meet the DGCA. SpiceJet had a day long board meeting on Monday leading to market rumours that news of investments—internal or external—was imminent. There was, however, no announcement. DGCA officials said SpiceJet didn't speak of any potential investment. Narayanan has, meanwhile, sought a meeting with aviation minister Ashok Gajapati Raju Pusapati .
On December 5, DGCA withdrew 186 flight slots of SpiceJet and barred the airline from booking flights beyond the month of December. This followed large-scale cancellation of flights by the airline, which is struggling to make monthly rental payments to leasing companies. As a result, the airline has returned 15 Boeing 737 planes in the last few months reducing its fleet size to 37 planes in December. Its total number of flights has reduced to 232 from 345.
The DGCA has asked the airline to refund passengers hit by the cancellation of flights by December 15. The airline has already refunded 55,000 passengers, according to figures with the regulator. The regulator also told SpiceJet to pay salaries to its employees on the 7th of every month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OMC stocks slide due to ambiguity in govt policyDespite falling crude prices, OMC stocks slide due to ambiguity in govt policy
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 04.38AM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(Investors booked profits…)
MUMBAI: Shares of oil marketing companies IOC and BPCL have plunged 15 per cent from their 52-week highs, while HPCL has fallen by 6 per cent despite Brent crude falling to five-year low. Experts attribute this to ambiguity in government policy in recent months. Analysts say marketing margins of oil marketing companies (OMCs) have got compromised after the government raised excised duty on petrol and diesel twice in less than a month.
"This move highlights the limited room the government has to provide subsidy relief to the state-owned companies," said Neil Gupte, analyst at JP Morgan . IOC, BPCL and HPCL have inexplicably fallen 15.5 per cent, 15 per cent and 6 per cent, respectively, from their 52-week highs, leaving market participants disappointed, who were expecting oil marketing companies to earn excess margins of about Rs 3.50 a litre on petrol, and around Rs 2.50 a litre on diesel from falling crude prices for a fortnight, before passing it on to consumers.
"The government has unexpectedly hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel and this has hurt investor sentiment. OMCs have been denied surplus margin, hence the stocks may remain under pressure in the near term," said Vinod Nair, head — fundamental research, Geojit BNP Paribas.
The government increased excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre andRs 1 per litre, respectively, in December, following a hike of Rs 1.5 per litre in mid-November, prompting investment managers to question the sanctity of the fuel deregulation policy.
"The hike in excise duty of petrol and diesel puts question mark over the fuel deregulation policy. Investor sentiments are getting impacted by the ambiguity on the policy front," said Kunj Bansal, ED & chief investment officer at Centrum Wealth Management.
The Brent crude prices have crashed over 42 per cent since June, falling to a five-anda-half-year low of around $66 a barrel on Tuesday. Meanwhile, commodity market sentiments have turned more bearish after world's leading crude exporter Saudi Arabia resisted calls from Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) members to reduce production, fuelling further slide in crude prices. "Market participants were expecting super-normal profits for OMCs, but that's not possible in the near-term. However, we don't see OMCs getting adversely impacted from the excise duty hike," said Tirthankar Patnaik , chief strategist and head of research - India at Mizuho Bank.
In the derivatives segment, high put open interest or outstanding positions for OMCs were seen at lower strike prices, suggesting that these companies can test lower levels in the December series. BPCL has maximum put open interest at 660 strike; IOC's is at 350 strike.
"We have seen a build-up of short positions in BPCL and IOC after the government hiked excise duty. However, traders continue to remain positive on HPCL as they expect the company to benefit the most from the falling crude oil prices," said Chandan Taparia, derivatives and technical analyst, Anand Rathi. Investors booked profits as HPCL, BPCL and IOC have surged 159 per cent, 91 per cent, and 71 per cent, respectively over the past year.
And analysts continue to remain positive on OMCs over the long term. "We believe that the medium to long-term story for OMCs remains intact as they are the beneficiaries of rising oil demand, stable rupee, and sluggish global prices. Hence, we would see any correction in our buyrated OMCs — BPCL and HPCL — as an opportunity to add positions," said Nilesh Banerjee , analyst at Goldman Sachs .
FEATURED ARTICLES

GM s new strategy focuses on exports to boos...GM's new strategy focuses on exports & new segments to boost sales
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 10 Dec, 2014, 08.24AM IST
Tweet
The export push is part of the de-risking strategy of the company, with volumes in the domestic market falling continuously despite new launches.
MUMBAI: Hit by falling market share, accumulated losses and low capacity utilisation, General Motors India is reworking its strategy with a focus on exports and entry into new segments such as sub-4 metre sedans. If implemented, the short sedan based on the M300 platform and the new generation Beat hatchback are expected to hit the market in 2017. The sedan project is code-named MCM.
GM will join the ranks of Ford and Volkswagen that have, after years of studying the space, lined up their entrylevel sedans for launch in 2015 and 2016, respectively. The sub-4 metre or compact sedan space is the fastest-growing segment with annual volumes of about 3.5 lakh units. This launch is expected to happen before the proposed global emerging market (GEM) platform cars, previously called Amber Project, get the go-ahead.
The export push is part of the de-risking strategy of the company, with volumes in the domestic market falling continuously despite new launches such as the Sail UVA hatchback, the Sail sedan and the Enjoy MPV in 2013.
The company is operating at 30 per cent capacity and accumulated losses swelled to Rs 6,552 crore at the end of FY14 with market share down to about 2.2 per cent in April-October. In a market which has grown 2.3 per cent during the period, GM India's sales fell 36 per cent to 32,567 units. The company started exporting the Beat hatchback recently to Chile, ET learned. GM is also exploring whether India can be an export base for key markets such as South Africa, Mexico and other Latin American markets.
"In the coming years, GM India is planning to export almost 30 per cent of its total production (1.2 lakh units) planned till 2017. While the volumes are small in 2014, the company aims to scale it up to 20,000 units in 2015, 40,000 units in 2016 and 2017," said a person aware of the plan, requesting anonymity. A GM India spokesperson said, "We do not comment on speculation." Exports have become a significant support for car manufacturers in India, said Gaurav Vangaal , senior analyst, forecasting, IHS Automotive.
"It is essential for GM to exploit production capabilities of the plant by adding exports, while reinforcing supplier community confidence. The strategy to export to Latin America and South Africa is tried and tested. Recently, the start of exports to Mexico of the VW Vento has turned the fortunes of the production facility of Volkswagen India. More car manufacturers are expected to join and for GM export orders will be a big relief to the bleeding domestic volumes," he said.

Gilt funds may outperform Sensex in next six monthsSavvy investors bet on gilt funds outperforming stocks
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 09.09AM IST
Tags:
Crude Oil Prices
(“There is a chance that…)
MUMBAI: Gilt funds investing in government securities with longer duration are increasingly gaining popularity among savvy investors, who are betting on this fixed income category to outperform stocks over the next six months if the Reserve Bank of India starts cutting rates early next year. With the stock market's valuations considered to be rich after Sensex returned almost 34 per cent this year, these investors believe there is better scope for money to be made from these funds.
Gilt funds invest in government securities and fetch maximum returns on capital appreciation from a rally in bond prices. When interest rates or bond yields fall, bond prices rise; bond yields or rates and prices move in opposite direction.
With the current 10-year benchmark trading at a yield of 7.9 per cent, investors could earn an absolute return of 7.5 per cent over a six-month time frame, said analysts. This translates into annualised returns of 15 per cent. "A portfolio having an average maturity of 15 years could give you capital appreciation of as much as 3-4 per cent if interest rates fall by 50 basis points," said Vikram Dalal, managing director, Synergee Capital. Dalal recommends HDFC Gilt Fund (Long term), IDFC Government Securities Fund and ICICI Prudential Long Term Gilt Fund for investments.
Gilt funds attracted net inflows of Rs 814 crore in November — the highest monthly net inflows in 15 months, according to industry body AMFI. "There is a chance that gilt funds could outperform the Sensex over the next six months as the market consolidates and waits for growth to come back," said Jignesh Shah, founder, Capital Advisors.
In the last one year, gilt funds (medium and long-term) have given average returns of 16.3 per cent, as per mutual fund tracker Value Research . Expectations of a rate cut in the next policy review meeting are high with inflation declining amid a fall in global crude oil prices .
Investors are hoping for a repeat of the performance in 2001 and 2002, when government securities (Gsecs) gained roughly 24 per cent each in both the years. In 2001, the Sensex fell 17.9 per cent, while in 2002, the index rose 3.5 per cent. "With valuations at 18 times one-year forward earnings, the Sensex could consolidate and look for cues from corporates before moving ahead," said Shah.
He said investors need to be aware of the risks in investing in gilt funds. Investments in these funds could backfire if there is a delay in rate cuts or if the US Fed raises interest rates more aggressively than expected.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A smart water grid in the makingUpdated: December 10, 2014 08:20 IST
A smart water grid in the making
Special Correspondent
Tweet
THE HINDU
IT Minister K.T. Rama Rao performing bhumi puja for construction of water grid pylon at Choutuppal in Nalgonda district on Tuesday.
TOPICS
environmental issues
Government plans to use light detection and ranging technology.
The ambitious water grid project envisaged by the Telangana government to provide potable drinking water to each household in the new State will adopt the light detection and ranging technology.
The government plans to undertake aerial triangulation survey with the help of light aircrafts. The photo geometric technology to be used in the project would enable quicker route mapping and 3D mapping and Geographical Information System (GIS) would come handy for the speedy implementation of the scheme.
The Chief Minister, K. Chandrasekhar Rao, is scheduled to undertake an aerial survey of Lower Manair dam on Wednesday before holding a review meeting with engineers at Siddipet on the water grid. Taking inspiration from the Siddipet model, which is successfully running, Mr. Rao plans to enthuse the engineers to replicate the same.
All Ministers and senior officers would attend the meeting to be addressed by the Chief Minister. It was not clear whether one chopper would be used for the aerial survey or two, the sources said.
The project envisages providing 100 litres of water to each household in villages and 150 litres to every house in cities/towns. It will cover 25,000 villages and 67 towns. Drawing 34 tmcft and 21.41 tmcft water respectively from the Godavari and Krishna, the project would supply water through pipelines laid across 1.25 lakh km in Telangana. The project will not be a mere water grid, but a smart water grid.

Implement Western Ghats report in totality: GadgilThe Hindu
Madhav Gadgil addressing a meeting in Malappuram on Tuesday.
Environmental scientist Madhav Gadgil has said that the difference between the haves and have-nots is increasing in the use of worldly assets. The reason is that the assets are being possessed by a very small group of people.
He was speaking at meeting here on Tuesday.
Development did not mean the development of worldly assets alone. He said that apart from worldly resources, natural resources, human resources and social resources too should develop in a balancing manner.
Quarrying, he said, was destroying the resources of the planet. “What we need is a comprehensive development scheme where all resources, including the Western Ghats, are preserved,” he said.
The Gadgil Committee Report was one for comprehensive development, he said. The report, he said, had asked the people to take a decision on development by involving all sections.
Mr. Gadgil said that implementation of the report in totality was the best way to bring about participatory development in the country.
He was speaking after presenting an award to Information Rights activist Anil Chendrath here on Tuesday. The award was instituted by the District Environmental Collective.

Former Chinese economic planner jailed for graft...and
versions
BEIJING (AP) — A former deputy head of the agency that steers China's state-dominated economy was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison for taking bribes, adding to a growing toll of prominent figures ensnared in a spreading anti-corruption crackdown.
Liu Tienan was accused of receiving 36 million yuan ($5.9 million) in bribes from five companies, including petrochemical and auto manufacturers, from 2002 to 2012. Other details were not announced but Liu's post as deputy chairman of the Cabinet's National Development and Reform Commission gave him access to valuable information and influence over policy.
The sentence was the maximum allowed for Liu's offenses despite a recommendation for leniency by prosecutors on the grounds that he confessed at his trial in September. It was announced on the website of the court in the northern city of Langfang and by the official Xinhua News Agency.
Chinese President Xi Jinping launched a campaign in 2012 to purge the Communist Party of corruption and other wrongdoing that threaten to undermine public acceptance of one-party rule.
On Saturday, the party announced Zhou Yongkang, a retired member of its Standing Committee, China's ruling inner circle, had been expelled from the party and arrested on an array of charges including taking bribes and leaking state secrets.
Liu's case was unusual because allegations were first leveled against him by a journalist, Luo Changping, then the deputy editor-in-chief of the business magazine Caijing magazine, on his microblog in December 2012.
Liu also was director of the National Energy Administration, which initially dismissed Luo's allegations as "pure slander."
Liu is one of a series of officials in energy and economic agencies who are under investigation on suspicion of corruption.
The deputy director of the energy administration, Wei Pengyuan, also has been detained on corruption charges. A prosecutor announced in October that investigators found 200 million yuan ($33 million) in cash at Wei's home.
According to the prosecutor, 11 commission employees are under investigation on suspicion of corruption and six may each have received tens of millions of yuan (millions of dollars) in bribes.

Major provisions of $1.1T omnibus spending bill... 
The Associated Press | December 9, 2014 09:57 PM EST | Associated Press
Top lawmakers Tuesday released a massive 1,603 page, $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill funding every government agency but the Department of Homeland Security through Sept. 30. The measure also contains dozens of policy provisions affecting financial regulations, the environment, school lunches, and new regulations requiring truckers get more rest. Provisions include:
SPENDING
—Overall spending. $1.013 trillion for core agency budgets for day-to-day operations, with $521 billion for defense and $492 billion for non-defense. That represents about one-third of the federal budget and is essentially a freeze at current levels. Another $64 billion is provided for overseas military operations.
—Defense. Provides a base budget of $490 billion to the Pentagon, a $3.3 billion increase. Maintaining 1.3 million active-duty troops and 820,800 reserves would cost $128 billion. Another $162 billion is provided for operations and maintenance; procurement of new weapons systems, including 38 new F-35 fighters, totals $92 billion.
—Overseas military operations. Provides $73.7 billion for overseas military operations and diplomatic efforts by the State Department to combat terrorism, including $3.4 billion to continue the air campaign against Islamic State militants and $1.6 billion to train the Iraqi military. Provides $4.1 billion to train and equip Afghanistan's military.
—Homeland Security. Keeps the Department of Homeland Security funded at current levels through Feb. 27. Its budget will be revisited next year when Republicans are hoping to roll back President Barack Obama's recent moves on immigration.
—Ebola. Provides $5.4 billion of President Barack Obama's $6.2 billion request to fight Ebola at home and abroad; $2.5 billion of the total would help African countries fight the disease, while $2.7 billion would go to the Department of Health and Human Services, including $1.2 billion for Center for Disease Control and Prevention efforts to stop Ebola in West Africa and strengthen public health systems in at-risk countries.
—Foreign aid. Provides $49 billion for foreign aid programs, an almost $3 billion increase. Some $6 billion would help fight HIV/AIDS overseas, while $7.2 billion would be for economic and development programs. Israel would receive $3.1 billion in military aid; Egypt would receive $1.3 billion in military aid and $150 million in economic assistance. The Millenium Challenge Corporation, which directs aid to countries demonstrating economic and social progress, would receive $900 million.
—Environmental Protection Agency. Cuts the EPA budget by $60 million to $8.1 billion, or 21 percent below peak levels in 2010.
—Internal Revenue Service. Cuts the IRS by $346 million to $10.9 billion. Blocks the agency from targeting tea party organizations and other advocacy groups seeking tax-exempt status based on their ideology.
—Transportation. Provides $71 billion for transportation programs, including $40 billion in highway funding for states. Aid to Amtrak would be maintained at $1.4 billion.
—Housing.  Provides $26 billion for Section 8 and other public housing programs for the poor. Add $10 billion for other housing programs, including help for the elderly and disabled.
—Crime-fighting. Provides $8.4 billion for the FBI, a slight increase; $2.4 billion for the Drug Enforcement Administration; $1.2 billion for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms; and $2.3 billion for various grants to state and local law enforcement.
—NASA. The space program would receive $18 billion, a $364 million increase. Of that, $4.4 billion is provided for the new Orion space-launch system, which last week had its first test launch.
—Food Aid. Provides $82 billion for food stamps as required by law; allots another $6.6 billion for a program that provides food aid to pregnant and nursing mothers and their young children. Another $21 billion goes to mandatory funding for the school lunch program and child nutrition programs.
—Capitol Dome. Provides $21 million to continue a project restoring the iconic cast-iron Capitol Dome, which is beset by crack and leaks.
POLICY 'RIDERS':
—Likely to be amended to include legislation aimed at shoring up underfunded multiemployer pension plans, including a controversial provision that permits them to cut the benefits of current and future retirees to shore up severely distressed plans.
—Eases regulations under the 2010 Dodd-Frank overhaul of financial regulations that require banks to set up separately capitalized affiliates — ineligible for federal benefits such as deposit insurance — to deal in more exotic and riskier forms of complex financial instruments called swaps. Regulators could still "push-out" risky swaps based on asset-backed securities.
—Blocks new Transportation Department regulations that require truckers to get two nights of sleep before re-starting the clock on their workweek. One effect of the rule was to shorten the maximum length a trucker's workweek from 82 hours to 70 hours.
—Relaxes rules slated to go into effect in 2017 that require more whole grains in school foods. Put off rules to lower sodium in school meals that were supposed to go into effect in 2017.
— Prohibits the use of federal or local funds from implementing a referendum legalizing recreational marijuana use in Washington, D.C.
—Blocks the Fish and Wildlife Service from placing the Sage Grouse on the Endangered Species list, which Republicans claim will have economic benefits for Western states.
—Blocks the Justice Department from raiding medical marijuana dispensaries in states where they are permitted.
— Prohibits the use of funds for a "National Roadside Survey" by the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration.
— Bars funding for renovation of the United Nations Headquarters in New York, a new London embassy and debt relief for foreign countries.
— Withholds money from the UN population fund, dollar for dollar, if it operates a program in China.
— Prohibits the transfer or release of detainees held at the prison at Guantanamo, also bans construction of facilities to hold detainees within the U.S.
— Prohibits funding for the administration "light bulb standard," which prevents the manufacture or sale of incandescent bulbs.
— Bars funding for the White House to order the IRS to determine the tax-exempt status of an organization.
— Prohibits the use of funds for painting portraits.
— Prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating lead in ammunition or fishing tackle.

Kennedy says former company cooperating with SEC...and
versions
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Ted Kennedy Jr. says his former company is cooperating fully in an SEC investigation into allegations of insider trading.
The Marwood Group, a health care-focused consulting firm co-founded by Kennedy, received notice from the Securities and Exchange Commission this week that the agency's staff plans to recommend charging the company with civil insider trading, Fox Business Network reported Tuesday. The investigation has focused on alleged government information passed on to Marwood clients in 2010 about a new prostate-cancer treatment.
"I understand the SEC's concerns about the flow of government information, especially given the public's desire for more transparency," Kennedy said in a statement to The Associated Press. "While I have never been named or questioned by the SEC, I understand that my former company, the Marwood Group, has cooperated fully with the SEC's requests over the last three and a half years."
Marwood spokesman Michael McKeon denied any insider trading and said the company has been surprised by the allegations.
"We are very surprised because if you look at the facts there is no tipper, no materiality and clearly no financial benefit for anyone. In fact the whole premise is absurd," McKeon said.
Kennedy, the 53-year-old son of the late U.S. senator from Massachusetts, was elected in November to Connecticut's legislature. He served as president of Marwood for 12 years before leaving in January. He announced his candidacy for the state senate in April.
An SEC spokeswoman declined to comment on the investigation.

Lawmakers agree on $1.1 trillion spending bill...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Time running short, Republicans and Democrats agreed Tuesday on a $1.1 trillion spending bill to avoid a government shutdown and delay a politically-charged struggle over President Barack Obama's new immigration policy until the new year.
In an unexpected move, lawmakers also agreed on legislation expected to be incorporated into the spending measure that will permit a reduction in benefits for current retirees at economically distressed multiemployer pension plans. Supporters said it was part of an effort to prevent a slow-motion collapse of a system that provides retirement income to millions, but critics objected vehemently.
There was no immediate reaction from the White House to the bill.
At 1,603 pages, the spending bill adheres to strict caps negotiated earlier between the White House and deficit- conscious Republicans, and is also salted with GOP policy proposals. As described by unhappy liberals, one would roll back new regulations that prohibit banks from using federal deposit insurance to cover investments on some complex financial instruments.
Elsewhere, there were trade-offs. Republicans won a $60 million cut at the Environmental Protection Agency, and said the agency's workforce would be reduced to the lowest level since 1989. Democrats emerged with increases for enforcement activities at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
"The federal government's going to run out of money in two days. ... We've been trying to work with Republican leaders to avoid a shutdown," Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said at midafternoon as final negotiations dragged on.
Speaker John Boehner said he hoped for a vote on the measure on Thursday, and officials expressed confidence they could overcome opposition from tea party-backed Republicans and avoid a government shutdown.
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi issued a statement that said she was hopeful her rank and file could support the bill, but needed to review the final language.
Senate approval would then be required to send it to Obama — one of the final acts of a two-year Congress far better known for gridlock than for accomplishment.
Not only a two-year Congress, but also a political era was drawing to a close as the lights burned late inside the Capitol on a December night.
For the first time in eight years, Republicans will have a Senate majority in January after their hugely successful midterm election, and newly elected GOP senators-elect participated in closed-door strategy sessions during the day.
Before time runs out on his majority, Reid said he wanted to assure confirmation of nine more of Obama's judicial nominees and approve the appointment of Vivek Murthy as surgeon general.
Also on Congress' must-do list is legislation to renew a series of expiring tax breaks, and a bill to authorize the Pentagon to train and equip Syrian rebels to fight Islamic State forces in the Middle East.
Proponents of campaign finance reforms decried a provision slipped in at the last minute that would sharply increase limits on the amount that an individual can contribute to various national political party accounts and committees each year from $32,400 to $324,000. That means individuals could give $648,000 per two-year campaign cycle, with a married couple capped at almost $1.3 million for an election cycle.
The compromise spending bill will permit virtually the entire government to operate normally through the Sept. 30 end of the fiscal year, with the exception of the Department of Homeland Security.
Funds for that one agency will run out again on Feb. 27, when Republicans are expected to try and use the expiration as leverage to force Obama to roll back a decision suspending the threat of deportation for an estimated 4 million immigrants living in the country illegally.
Not all Republicans agreed with the strategy of postponing a fight over immigration. Some conservative lawmakers demanded a change deny the use of federal funds to carry out the president's new policy.
Earlier in the day, House Republicans removed one obstacle to passage of the spending measure by announcing they would pass legislation separately to renew a requirement for the federal government to assume some of the insurance risk in losses arising from terrorism.
In talks with Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., Republicans led by Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas., agreed to the renewal, but said they wanted to roll back portions of the 2010 Dodd-Frank law that tightened federal regulation on the financial sector.
The stand-alone bill seemed likely to clear the House, but its fate in the Senate was uncertain.
The pension-related talks between Rep. John Kline, R-Min., and George Miller, D-Calif., were designed to preserve benefits of current and future retirees at lower levels than currently exist, but higher than they would be if their pension funds ran out of money.
"We have a plan here that first and foremost works for the members of the unions, the workers in these companies and it works for the companies," said Miller, retiring at year's end after four decades in Congress.
The AARP, which claims to represent millions of retirement-age Americans, attacked the agreement as a "secret, last-minute closed door deal between a group of companies, unions and Washington politicians to cut the retirement benefits that have been promised to them."
Also driving the talks was concern over the financial fate of the fund that insures multiemployer pensions at the government's Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. The agency said in its most recent annual report that the fund's deficit rose to $42.2 billion in the fiscal year ending Sept, 30, up from $8.3 billion the previous year, and that the likelihood of its bankruptcy is 90 percent by 2025.
Agency figures show as many as 1.5 million retirees could be affected by any change in law to permit a reduction. An estimated 400,000 of them receive benefits from the Teamsters' Central States Pension Fund.
___
Associated Press writers Alan Fram, Connie Cass and Erica Werner contributed to this report.

California prosecutors sue Uber; Lyft settles...and
versions
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — California prosecutors sued Uber on Tuesday over the ride-booking company's background checks of drivers and other allegations, adding to the popular startup's worldwide legal woes.
San Francisco County District Attorney George Gascon also announced that Uber competitor Lyft agreed to pay $500,000 and change some of its business practices to settle its own lawsuit. Lyft will have to pay only half the fine if it complies with the agreement's terms over the next year.
The lawsuits filed in San Francisco Superior Court are the latest legal hurdles to confront the nascent ride-hailing industry. The industry in general — and Uber in particular — have been battling lawsuits and regulatory issues over whether the businesses are regulated taxi services or app-making technology companies.
"Uber continues to misrepresent and exaggerate background checks on drivers," Los Angeles District Attorney Jackie Lacey said. "It's not our goal to shut them down. What we're saying is their advertising is false."
Lyft, on the other hand, agreed to drop similar claims that its background checks are the "best available" and the "gold standard."
Among other concessions, Lyft also agreed to submit its fare-setting app to the state regulators to ensure it's fairly charging riders, and it agreed not to do business at any airport unless it receives a permit.
Lacey partnered with Gascon in a probe of the ride-app industry. A third company — Sidecar — is still under investigation and could face a lawsuit of its own if it can't reach an agreement with prosecutors, Gascon said.
Uber's lawsuit accuses the company of misleading consumers by claiming it conducts "industry-leading" background checks on its drivers. Gascon said that claim is false since the company doesn't fingerprint its drivers.
Uber uses information supplied electronically by its applicant drivers for background checks. But applicants can get around those checks by using stolen or false identifications, Gascon said.
"Only a fingerprint-based process can ensure this is not happening," he said.
Uber spokeswoman Eva Behrend defended the company's role in California in a statement that did not address specific allegations.
"Uber is an integral, safe and established part of the transportation ecosystem in the Golden State," Behrend said. "We will continue to engage in discussions with the district attorneys."
Uber also is being sued for charging passengers an additional $4 for trips to and from San Francisco International Airport even through the company lacks a permit to do business at the airport and neither Uber nor its drivers pay the airport fee.
Taxis must pay for a permit to do business at San Francisco's airport and other major airports in the state.
Further, Uber is being sued for charging passengers an additional $1 per trip for a "safe ride fee," which the company claims helps pay for its "industry-leading" background checks.
Finally, the lawsuit accuses the company of failing to obtain approval from state regulators on how drivers calculate fares. Taxi cab meters are tested and verified by an agency in California's Department of Agriculture.
Uber has endured negative attention about the actions of some of its drivers.
An Uber driver was arrested in San Francisco in September and charged with felony assault after allegedly using a hammer to attack and seriously injure a passenger who complained about a route. Another Uber driver was arrested in June in Los Angeles and accused of abducting a drunken female passenger and taking her to a hotel with the intention of sexually assaulting her.
In October, a Los Angeles woman reported that an Uber driver drove 20 miles out of her way and ignored her complaints and questions before stopping the car in a dark and deserted parking lot. She said the driver then locked the doors when she tried to leave. The woman reported that she escaped only after screaming. Uber refunded her fare.
Government entities around the globe are grappling with how to regulate and monitor ride-hailing companies. Taxi and limousine drivers and companies complain that the app makers should be subjected to the same regulations and fees they face around the world.
The ride-booking companies counter that their drivers are private contractors who use the startups' technology to find customers in need of rides.
Uber, in particular, is fighting numerous legal and regulatory battles as it aggressively expands worldwide.
The city of Portland, Oregon, on Monday filed a lawsuit seeking to halt Uber's expansion in that city, arguing the company failed to obtain the proper permits.
A Nevada judge has temporarily barred Uber from operating in the state.
Overseas, police in India recently questioned an Uber executive about the company's claim it conducts comprehensive background checks. And a top official called for the service to be banned nationwide after one of its New Delhi drivers was arrested Sunday and accused of rape.
Separately, Spain has barred the company's operation, and Thailand said it was illegal for private cars to be used as taxis and threatened fines of $60 for each violation.
Nonetheless, San Francisco-based Uber raised $1.2 billion in its latest round of funding from venture capitalists, a sign investors aren't fazed by the legal woes.
The latest investment put a value on Uber of $40 billion.
___
Associated Press special correspondent Linda Deutsch in Los Angeles contributed to this report.

Autopsy: Waitress caught head in dumbwaiter...and
versions
FOUNTAIN CITY, Wis. (AP) — An autopsy finds that a waitress died of severe head injuries after getting her head caught in a dumbwaiter at a Wisconsin restaurant last week, police said Tuesday.
Fountain City Police Chief Jason Mork released the autopsy results for 21-year-old Brooke Baures of Chetek, a senior and standout gymnast at Winona State University in Minnesota. Baures was working at a banquet on the second floor of WingDam Saloon and Grill when the accident happened Dec. 1.
Based on witness' statements, police believe Baures was the only person who could have pressed the dumbwaiter's control button on the second floor and concluded no crime was committed in her death.
The autopsy found "extensive destruction" of the brainstem and left side of the cerebellum and concluded she died of severe head trauma. Police believe her head was almost entirely inside the cab of the elevator when it descended.
Based on autopsy results, police said they believe Baures' head "was located almost entirely inside the cab of the elevator canted slightly to her right as the cab descended. When the roof of the cab passed the sill of the second floor access, Brooke sustained fatal crushing injuries to her brainstem and cerebellum," the report said. Anyone operating the dumbwaiter had only about five seconds before the interior of the cab disappeared below the sill, police said.
The dumbwaiter has since been permanently removed.
Federal and state regulators have launched separate investigations.

Apple trial likely to go on with new plaintiff...and
versions
OAKLAND, California (AP) — A billion-dollar class-action lawsuit against Apple will likely continue, after a 65-year-old Massachusetts business consultant read about the plaintiffs' floundering case online and volunteered to represent consumers in the suit.
A federal judge said she's tentatively satisfied with a proposal to add Barbara Bennett as the new named plaintiff in the lawsuit over Apple's iTunes software and the price of its iPods. Bennett, who sometimes used her iPod to listen to music while ice skating, boarded a plane early Tuesday and flew to California at the request of lawyers who are suing Apple Inc. on behalf of an estimated 8 million consumers who purchased iPods between 2006 and 2009.
Bennett, who said she bought a special-edition iPod Nano in 2006 because she liked its striking red case, contacted the lawyers and offered to help after reading an online news account that said the case was close to collapsing for lack of a named plaintiff. The case actually started with three plaintiffs suing Apple nearly 10 years ago, but two of them withdrew and the judge disqualified the last one, Marianna Rosen, on Monday amid indications that Rosen didn't herself purchase any of the affected iPods during the time frame covered by the suit.
Attorneys suing Apple have alleged that its use of restrictive software, which kept iPods from playing music purchased from competitors of Apple's iTunes store, effectively blocked rivals from the market and allowed the Cupertino, California, company to sell iPods at inflated prices. Apple says the software was necessary to prevent unauthorized copying. The plaintiffs are seeking $350 million in damages, which could be tripled if the jury finds violations of federal antitrust law.
U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers has repeatedly shown impatience with the plaintiffs' attorneys for not doing a better job of vetting the original named plaintiffs in the case, who are supposed to represent the class of affected consumers.
"We shouldn't have been here in the first place," Rogers said as attorneys on both sides debated how to proceed Tuesday morning. A moment later, the judge sharply disagreed when plaintiffs' lawyer Patrick Coughlin suggested his side had suffered when Apple provided an incorrect list — which was later amended — of affected iPod models three years ago.
"You never checked" whether the last plaintiff had purchased the right models, the judge told Coughlin. "So don't talk to me" about that, she added.
Bennett's answers to questions in court suggested she wasn't fully up to speed on the complex allegations in the case, but Rogers said she was tentatively satisfied that Bennett qualifies for the job of class representative. The judge said she won't rule until Apple attorneys have a chance to question Bennett more closely in a deposition outside court.
The judge also said she'll wait to rule on a request by news organizations to release a copy of a video showing late Apple CEO Steve Jobs testifying outside court, a few months before he died of cancer in 2011. An attorney for The Associated Press, Bloomberg News and CNN argued Friday that the public has a right to see the video, which was played in open court last week, and that there is a benefit in letting the public see the same depiction of the influential CEO that jurors were shown.
But an Apple attorney argued against releasing the video, saying it would be comparable to releasing a video of testimony given inside the courtroom, which is not allowed under federal court rules. Apple lawyer Jonathan Sherman also said releasing the video would encourage news organizations or the public to request other deposition videos in the future and discourage witnesses from cooperating.
Apple shares closed up $1.72 at $114.12 on Tuesday.

Delhi government bans Uber taxi companyEYE BROWSE
Delhi government bans Uber taxi company
The Delhi government banned all activities by Uber taxi company after one of its drivers was arrested on charges of raping a woman.
Yahoo India –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The Delhi government Monday banned "all activities" by Uber taxi company after one of its drivers was arrested on charges of raping a woman.
The Delhi government's transport department also blacklisted the international cab booking company from providing any transport service in the national capital in future, an official statement said.
The action came a day after the accused driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, who allegedly raped the woman here Friday night, was arrested from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh.
The government said that in response to "the unfortunate and heinous crime", it had cancelled the taxi's permit and registration certificate as well as the driver's license.
The statement accused Uber of misleading the commuter who was raped about the nature of the taxi service offered by "Uber App".
Uber was also faulted for violating the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 by providing the commuter for local journey a taxi with an all-India permit.
"Keeping in view the above violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities related to providing any transport service by Uber with immediate effect.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory of Delhi in future."
According to the Uber web site, the company, started in 2009, operates in over 200 cities globally "by seamlessly connecting riders to drivers through our App".
Arrested Uber driver could be a 'serial rapist'
The Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old working woman on Friday night, could be a serial rapist, Delhi police authorities revealed earlier today.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, driver of the popular taxi service Uber, who was arrested in Mathura on December 7, allegedly told the police after interrogation that he was imprisoned for seven months for raping a 22-year-old employee of a Gurgaon pub in 2011 and was out on bail.
The Delhi police said he was accused of rape in 2011 but Uber got his background check done when he was hired and found nothing incriminating. The cops also added that the cab did not have the mandatory GPS.
Delhi police authorities was quoted by Mail Today as saying: 'Yadav was questioned at the Highway Police station after he was nabbed from Chandrapuri Mohalla. After sustained interrogation, he broke down and admitted that he had raped the 25-year-old girl when she was returning from a party in Vasant Vihar in south Delhi to her home in Inderlok in North Delhi on Friday night.'
Officials added it was then that the accused also disclosed that he was involved in a separate rape incident.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North), Madhur Verma told Mail Today: 'After raping, and then threatening the victim not to report the incident, Yadav went to his ancestral house in Chandrapuri Mohalla on Saturday morning. His wife was not expecting him home at that time and, seeing him in a dishevelled state, asked him if he was the rapist news channels had been reporting on. He lied to her, saying he was being framed in a false case. He told her they would have to leave immediately. But before they could flee, several teams of Delhi Police arrived and Yadav took off on his own.'
On Sunday, Shiv Kumar Yadav was taken into custody from his hideout in Mathura, about 135 km south of the capital, Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat told IANS in Delhi.
The 32-year-old driver, a resident of Mathura, was caught in a joint operation by Delhi and Uttar Pradesh Police force.
A police official told IANS in Mathura that Yadav was being interrogated at the Highway Police Station after he was nabbed from Chandrapuri colony. Police said they have also seized a white car.
The driver, employed with international cab-booking company Uber, is accused of raping the woman who was returning home in north Delhi's Inderlok area from Gurgaon, where she is employed as an analyst in a finance company in Sector 21 for the past three years.
After the name of Uber came up in the case, the app-based ride-sharing service Sunday issued a statement, saying it has given police all details of the driver and GPS information.
"Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver's account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done," Uber spokeswoman Evelyn Tay said in a statement.
"Safety is Uber's highest priority, and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform," the spokeswoman said.
In her police complaint, the woman said she finished her day-long shift around 7 p.m. Friday and went to a hotel in Gurgaon for dinner with her friends.
The woman was later dropped in Vasant Vihar area by her friends from where she hired a private cab around 9.30 pm, police said quoting from the complaint.
"While on my way home, I fell asleep on the back seat of the cab. A few minutes later, I realised that the car was stopped at a secluded place and the driver was molesting me," the woman said in her complaint.
She said the driver slapped her many times when she objected to his molestation attempt.
"I tried to unlock the cab door but failed. The driver threatened to kill me and raped me," the woman said.
Police said the driver later dropped the woman near her home and once again threatened her with dire consequences if she approached police.
Police said the woman made a call to the police control room around 1.30 a.m. Saturday and informed officials about her ordeal. (Agencies)
Recommend

Climate Change and the Record 2014 California Droughtreddit
Just a couple months ago, I critiqued a pair of studies that disputed any linkage between human-caused climate change and the exceptional 2014 California drought. Now comes yet another study ("Causes and Predictability of the 2011-14 California Drought") with the imprimatur of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), announced with great fanfare (a NOAA press conference ), drawing yet again the same conclusion. My criticisms of the latest study are yet again basically the same, but for reasons I explain below, that conclusion is even more implausible now than it was just two months ago.
Let me start by noting that this latest report (unless I've missed something?) doesn't appear to be an actual peer-reviewed scientific article, but rather, an internal NOAA report. That causes me some concern, as the claims have not yet been submitted to the independent scrutiny of the larger scientific community in the manner it would have if it were published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.
That having been said, my main concerns are far more fundamental. The methodology used in the current article, in my view, is deeply flawed because it doesn't properly account for a number of potentially important factors behind the record California drought.
First of all, there is the role of Pacific sea surface temperature (SST). Despite what the authors claim, the Pacific SST patterns underlying the ongoing drought-favorable conditions may be partly forced, and not simply a result of natural climate variability. The IPCC "CMIP5" climate models which the authors quote in their defense may not be getting these patterns right because of flaws that persist even in many state-of-the-art climate models involving the physics underlying El Nino and decadal tropical Pacific climate variability. One recent study suggests that climate change does in fact favor an SST pattern in the North Pacific that increases the incidence of the atmospheric circulation pattern responsible for the current rainfall deficit.
Secondly, the approach taken in this latest study doesn't account for  the potential influence of decreasing Arctic Sea Ice. Studies going back more than a decade show that reduced Arctic sea ice may also favor the atmospheric circulation pattern underlying the current pattern of California drought. More recent work by Jennifer Francis of Rutgers provides independent support for that mechanism.
Most inexplicable of all, though, is the fact that the authors pay only the slightest lip service to the role of surface temperature in drought, focusing almost entirely on precipitation alone. That neglects the fact that California experienced record heat over the past year, and this anomalous heat certainly contributed to the unprecedented nature of the current drought.  Another article published just a week ago in one of the premier peer-reviewed journals in the field, Geophysical Research Letters (GRL), preemptively critiqued the present study, by stressing the importance of looking at the role of extremely high surface temperatures as well as precipitation in assessing the factors behind e.g. the 2014 California drought:
And most ironic of all, just days ago, another article in GRL concluded that the record heat played a role in making the current California drought the worst such drought in at least 1200 years! (see also this discussion by Peter Gleick).
The authors of the new report would really have us believe that is merely a coincidence and has nothing to do with the impact of human-caused climate change? Frankly, I don't find that even remotely plausible.
I'm sure this latest study was done in good faith, and I don't question the intentions of the authors. But I'm troubled by the fact that the findings were announced with such fanfare (how many studies, let alone non peer-reviewed ones, get the benefit of a NOAA press conference?), when the conclusions are so flimsy, are contradicted by so much other peer-reviewed scientific work, and involve a matter of tremendous societal importance. I fear that the dubious claims by this latest report simply complicate prospects for having the very important and necessary conversation about what measures California will need to take to deal with  what is likely to be a steadily worsening water crisis. That is no small matter.
__________
Michael Mann is Distinguished Professor of Meteorology at Pennsylvania State University and author of The Hockey Stick and the Climate Wars: Dispatches from the Front Lines (now available in paperback with a new guest foreword by Bill Nye "The Science Guy")
Follow Michael E. Mann on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MichaelEMann
More:

Chicago tech millionaire pays $17M for Trump Tower penthouse29
With this sale, the building, which opened in 2008, has no more developer-owned units on the market, said Chezi Rafaeli, which represented Trump in the deal. Shah represented himself. Rafaeli is handling about 20 resales in the building.
Shah came to the United States in 1988 to get his MBA at Pennsylvania's Lehigh University. Dissatisfied with his job as an accountant at PricewaterhouseCoopers, he joined General Motors in Canada, transferring to operations and logistics.
He moved to Chicago to join behemoth software provider SAP as it opened an office here in 1993 and then relocated to headquarters in Walldorf, Germany, doing research and development for a couple of years.
His family wanted to move back to the States.
"I realized technology was my passion and, back then, SAP was really at its zenith, and I reckoned there were some things SAP didn't do quite as well as it could," he said. "So I wrote them, and said, 'Here's some additional things you can do.' ... And they were OK with that because they had no R&D here, and I was going to focus on areas they were not focused on."
Not only is SAP a minority investor in Vistex, it also sells the company's software through its field network.
Vistex's annual revenue is approaching $200 million, Shah said.
"If I'm The Gap and I'm running promotions, our software helps define what their promotions should be, whether it's a percentage off, buy-one-get-one-free, buy any three for $10," Shah said.
Shah founded the company in 1999 and this year made four acquisitions of companies in London, South Africa, Colombia and Seattle to gain access to emerging markets (South Africa) and agricultural software (Colombia), for instance.
His customers are retailers and manufacturers, typically with revenue of more than $500 million. Electrical supply distributor Graybar was the company's first major customer.
"I had a lot of conviction for my ideas," Shah said, saying he wasn't afraid of going out on his own. "Really a passion for what I did, especially while I was in Germany, in R&D."
He said his long-term vision is to take Vistex public "someday." When that happens, $17 million might seem small.

MM rises; CLSA sees 51% upside in bull case scenarioDec 09, 2014, 01.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
M&M rises; CLSA sees 51% upside in bull case scenario
The company will launch three new UV/LCV products in FY16, which will improve its footprint in both segments and should drive a revival in its volume growth and market share.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
M&M rises; CLSA sees 51% upside in bull case scenario
The company will launch three new UV/LCV products in FY16, which will improve its footprint in both segments and should drive a revival in its volume growth and market share.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  M&M jumped over 1 percent intraday on Tuesday after CLSA reiterated buy rating on the stock. It has set a target price of Rs 1550 per share stating that risk-reward is favourable for the stock. The brokerage is bullish on M&M as it has now priced in the negatives but has not factored in the potential FY16 positives.
“The company will launch three new UV/LCV products in FY16, which will improve its footprint in both segments and should drive a revival in its volume growth and market share. Our scenario analysis for these new products and tractor growth throws up a bull-case1-year forward value of Rs 1888 for M&M’s stock (51 percent upside) and a bear-case value of Rs 1232 (just 2 percent downside),” it says in a report.
At 11:44 hrs Mahindra and Mahindra was quoting at Rs 1,254.40, up Rs 2.95, or 0.24 percent on the BSE.
(Posted by Nasrin Sultana)

Kashmiris brave cold weather to caste vote in phase 3 of polling in J-Kpicture others
Kashmiris brave cold weather to cast vote in phase 3 of polling in J-K
The phase three polling began in Jammu and Kashmir amid high security. Polling took place in the Valley in the backdrop of recent militant attacks. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Braving cold weather, nearly 12 per cent of the electorate today exercised their franchise in the first two hours of voting in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
About 13 lakh voters cast their votes across Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts of the state. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Kashmiris stand in queue to cast their votes outside a polling station in Beerwah Budgam district. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
In Beerwah, Omar Abdullah was up against the Congress’s Nazir Ahmad Khan and the PDP’s sitting legislator Dr Mohammad Shafi. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The voting continued amidst high security. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Kashmiri women stand in a queue to cast their votes in Charar Sharief, south west of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A CRPF person stands guard as Kashmiri villagers stand in a queue to cast their votes in Chadoora, south west of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Jammu & Kashmir recorded 58% voter turnout. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Related

Changes in Companies Act concerns minority shareholdersChanges in Companies Act concerns minority shareholders
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:49 PM IST
The recent amendments to the Companies Act approved by the Cabinet have not gone down well with minority shareholders, who are concerned that their powers might get diluted.
“The amendments boast of promoting businesses but the flip side is we could lose the battle with the promoters in abusive related-party transactions (RPTs),” said a fund manager who did not wish to be named.
Last week, the Cabinet approved key amendments to Companies Act, 2013, including approval by audit committees for RPTs, replacing special resolutions with ordinary resolutions for RPTs by minority shareholders and exempting approval by minority shareholders for RPTs between companies and their wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Currently, to pass a resolution that falls under the ambit of RPTs, companies need to have the approval of the ‘majority of minority shareholders’. Legal experts say if the amendments are approved by Parliament, 50 per cent of minority shareholders’ nod would be sufficient to pass a resolution. The impact on listed companies would be felt only if the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi)’s corporate governance norms are aligned with the changes in Companies Act.
“As the Companies Act is passed by Parliament, it is generally considered to be more powerful compared to the Sebi Act in cases where both the acts apply. However, historically, the Act which is stricter of the two has been the ruling one in cases where both acts have equal applicability,” said a lawyer with a leading law firm. With the approval of this clause, minority shareholders fear they might lose their edge while the controversial Maruti Suzuki Gujarat plant proposal comes to vote.
The carmaker had said earlier this month that it deferred its plan to seek minority shareholders’ nod over the controversial Gujarat plant transfer to parent Suzuki after the proposed relaxation in the Act comes into effect.
The proposed amendments further increase the responsibilities of the audit committee. The move, proxy advisory firms say, might not be effective in protecting minority shareholders’ interests.
“The best examples are the silence of audit committee on abusive RPTs in case of United Spirits or JSW Group. The audit committees of these companies approved all transactions. With this, amendment audit committee has powers but responsibilities are on paper only,” said a proxy advisory firm.
According to legal experts, the new amendments to the Act are done following market feedback. “These amendments address some of the issues raised by stakeholders, including chartered accountants, and respond to representations made by auditors and corporates, redress problems faced by large stakeholders who are related parties,” said Yogesh Sharma, partner (assurance), Grant Thornton India.

Delhi cab rape case: Govt asks states to stop all web-based taxi servicesSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Calling the rape of a 27-year-old executive as a “national shame,” Government today asked all states to stop operations of all web-based taxi services even as it emerged that the accused cabbie was a serial sexual offender and was allegedly involved in two previous rapes in 2011 in 2013.
The anguish over the rape of the woman executive working in a Gurgaon firm reverberated in both Houses of Parliament as Home Minister Rajnath Singh promised to initiate all steps to ensure safety and security of women and children in the country.
“The Ministry of Home Affairs has advised the state governments/UT administrations to ensure that the operations of the web-based taxi services are stopped,” Singh said in Rajya Sabha while making it clear that the Government was not in favour of banning taxi services but wanted to regulate them.
As the case brought to light gaps in hiring of drivers by Uber, the US-based car booking service, investigators found alleged involvement of accused Shiv Kumar Yadav in a number of sexual crimes including a rape case last year in Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh.
Police said he is a “big time rogue” and was arrested in a number of cases earlier. Yesterday, it had emerged that Yadav was arrested in a rape case in South Delhi’s Mehrauli area in 2011 and had even spent seven months in Tihar jail.
“UP police has found that he was involved in at least three more cases in the city including a case of rape and a molestation which were lodged in Mainpuri in UP. He was out on bail,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
He said Yadav was arrested for separate cases of molestation in 2003 and under Arms Act in 2006 in Mainpuri, his home town.
Meanwhile, Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi briefed the Home Minister and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval about progress in the case and steps being taken to ensure safety of women in the city.
He said police verification certificate of Yadav was found to be false and it is being probed how he obtained it.
“We are also legally examining what action can be taken against Uber for not fulfilling its promises,” Bassi told reporters.
The investigators said they have sought several documents from Uber as an FIR was last night registered against it for cheating customers and violating lawful orders of government, said Verma.
The investigators also questioned Uber’s General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations.
Police said Bhatia told them that there were around 4,000 drivers working with Uber and the company does not know whether they have mandatory public service badge.
Meanwhile, an apex body of radio taxi operators asked the government to take urgent steps to regulate unlicensed app-based cabs to ensure passenger safety in the wake of the rape of a woman allegedly by a driver.
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned.
Addressing a press conference here, the Association President Kunal Lalani said they are running licensed services, unlike app-based services like Uber.
“An impression is being created that all radio cabs are unsafe. But that is completely false because we are running licensed services in accordance with rules laid down by the state governments,” Lalani said.
The Association claimed to represent 13 operators including Mega Cabs, Easy Cabs, Meru Cabs, Tab Cabs which run their services in several cities across the country.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Rape In Delhi Uber Cab
More from companies

India may change rules on gold imports for star trading houses: SourceDec 09, 2014, 07.33 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
India may change gold import rules for star trading houses
India could also announce changes to rules last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India may change gold import rules for star trading houses
India could also announce changes to rules last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins
Post your opinion here
 
India will announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating so-called star trading houses export 100 percent of their gold imports, a policy maker with direct knowledge of the upcoming action said on Tuesday.
India could also announce changes to rules last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins.
The actions would come in the form of a clarification to the country's surprise move last month to scrap a rule mandating traders export 20 percent of all gold imports, in what had been called the 80:20 import rule.
The changes to 80:20 had left unclear the fate of "star trading houses," or leading private trading firms, which had been mandated last year to export 100 percent of their gold imports.
The policy maker added in the clarification India would give these star trading houses "a free hand" without specifying any further.
"What remains is star trading houses, which are allowed to import (gold) only for 100 percent export. That remains, but that is not what we wanted. We want everyone to have a free hand," the policy maker said.
He declined to be identified because the measure has not been announced yet.
Traders had said they had expected potential clarifications to the 80:20 rule, citing widespread speculation in markets.
India this year has eased some of the restrictions on gold imports it imposed in 2013 when a wide current account trade deficit had sparked the worst currency turmoil since the 1991 balance of payment crisis.
 

8 companies  profit to blast higher next yearEMAIL
AFP/Getty
It’s never too early to start looking for the companies could be the profit growth winners of next year.
There are 8 non-financial companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 where analysts expect to see the biggest profit jumps from next year of 50% or more. These companies include construction material maker Vulcan (VMC) , solar firm First Solar (FSLR) and automaker General Motors (GM) , according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
It’s still 2014, true. And third-quarter earnings season only just ended and the fourth quarter is still underway. But markets are forward looking. And if you subscribe to the idea that stocks price in earnings way ahead of time, you’ll want to pay attention to the stocks seen generating the top profit growth.
When it comes to growth in 2015, few companies will approach the power of Vulcan Materials, which produces and sells construction materials including concrete. Analysts are calling for the company to earn $1.79 a share from adjusted earnings next year, says S&P Capital IQ. That would be an impressive 109% increase from the 86 cents a share the company earned on an adjusted basis in 2013.
Investors are also hopeful that First Solar will shoot out the lights. The company is expected to post an annual profit of $4.46 a share in 2015, up from $2.66 in 2014. Keep in mind that earnings in 2014 fell dramatically from $4.40 a share in 2013.
Investors shouldn’t pick stocks just on expectations for future earnings. After all, the analysts might be wrong. But it’s clear that there’s a handful of companies where next year is seen as being very big.
S&P 500 COMPANIES EXPECTED TO POST HIGHER ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARES GROWTH IN 2015
Company

Telecom Commission pegs 900 Mhz spectrum base price 23% higherWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission has recommended a base price of Rs 3,693 crore per megahertz for the premium 900 MHz frequency band, about 23 per cent more than what regulator Trai had suggested for the same for the spectrum auction in February.
The commission has finalised a base price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz for CDMA band, nearly 17 per cent higher than the price suggested by Trai.
“The Telecom Commission has recommended that per megahertz price of spectrum in 900 Mhz band should be Rs 3,693 crore, 1800 Mhz should be Rs 2,191 crore and 800 Mhz be priced at Rs 3,646 crore,” an official source told PTI.
Trai had recommended that base price for 900 Mhz band price be kept at Rs 3,004 crore per Mhz, for 1800 Mhz at Rs 2,138 crore and for CDMA spectrum at Rs 3,104 crore.
The commission in its meeting yesterday finalised the base prices for spectrum auction early next year. The recommended base prices now would be placed before Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad for final approval and after that Cabinet might be approached for certain issues.
Auction of spectrum in 900 Mhz band would be held for 18 telecom circles and buying one Mhz in each of these circles would cost Rs 3,693-crore to the bidder.
Similarly, spectrum in 1800 Mhz band is being auctioned in 20 circles while 800 Mhz band (CDMA) spectrum is on pan-India basis.
The auction is to be conducted for airwaves in 900 Mhz held by existing telecom operators Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications through their licences that are expiring in 2015-16.
In the 900 Mhz band about 184 Mhz of spectrum is likely to be auctioned. In 1800 Mhz, government has proposed to auction 104 Mhz of spectrum which included spectrum held by licences that are expiring in 2015-16 and unsold airwaves in February auction.
However, government wants to keep 8.2 Mhz of spectrum as Defence band which leaves only 104 Mhz spectrum available for auction.
In case CDMA spectrum, government has proposed to auction spectrum in about 11 out of 22 service for which there were no bids received in March 2013 auction due to high base price.
TAGS: Spectrum Auction Telecom Commission TRAI
More from economy

Rajnath Singh fumes as Uber cabs Delhi rape case hits homeIIT Guwahati Professor accused of rape by office assistant, held
Miffed over a group of people staging protests outside his home over the rape of a young woman by an Uber cabs driver in Delhi , Home Minister Rajnath Singh today conveyed his displeasure at Delhi Police’s “laxity” in stopping them – it may be recalled, former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit faced same kind of protests in the aftermath of the Delhi gangrape on December 16.
Singh summoned Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi after yesterday’s incident when the group came to his residence in Ashoka Road in central Delhi to protest the rape of a young girl on Friday night.
“The Home Minister expressed his displeasure and told Bassi to ensure that no such incident occures in future,” sources said.
The Delhi Police are understood to be conducting an internal inquiry to fix the responsibility for the alleged security breach.
In a similar security breach, a large number of protesters demanding reservation for the Jat community had forced their way into the residence of the then Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde on April 11, 2013.
Thirteen policemen were suspended and 142 protesters arrested and they were charged with rioting, trespass and unlawful assembly besides obstructing and assaulting public servants on duty for that incident.
After yesterday’s incident, traffic on the busy Ashoka Road has been diverted temporarily as a precautionary measure.
TAGS: Rajnath Singh Uber
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Uber rape case: Nitin Gadkari against banSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Union Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari today disagreed with the decision to ban Uber cab services in Delhi in the wake of the alleged rape of a 27-year -old woman in a taxi plying under it, saying such a move could not be a solution.
“New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct,” Gadkari said outside Parliament House here.
The minister’s statement came a day after Delhi government banned all operations by private cab service Uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the national capital following the alleged rape committed by a driver registered with it.
Asked specifically about Delhi government’s move, the Union minister said that state governments have the right to take a decision in such matters.
“It is up to the state government to decide because the subject is in Concurrent List. State governments have equal right to take a decision about it,” he said.
Saying that new systems with modern concepts must be encouraged Gadkari, however, noted that lacunae in such systems should be plugged.
Citing data that 30 per cent of driving licences in the country were bogus, the minister said that a new system would be put in place to replace the Motor Vehicles Act.
“As per a report, 30 per cent of the driving licences in the country are bogus… We are going to change the 1988 Motor Vehicles Act by which we will have a centre comprising all records of drivers. That would help solve the problem of accessing the accident and criminal records of drivers,” he said.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Nitin Gadkari Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Assembly polls: Jammu & Kashmir records good turnout in 3rd phase despite serial terror strikesMufti Islah , CNN-IBN | Dec 09, 2014 at 10:25pm IST
Jammu & Kashmir recorded a remarkable turnout of 58 per cent in the third phase of polling notwithstanding the serial terror strikes that hit the state just days ahead of elections.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Global volatility  slump in oil prices drag Indian marketsGlobal volatility, slump in oil prices drag Indian markets
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Following a slump in Chinese stocks and a sharp drop in crude oil prices, Indian markets on Tuesday closed at levels last seen in October-end. While weak oil prices led to scepticism over global economic growth, a five per cent drop in China’s benchmark index triggered huge sell-off in stock markets globally.
The benchmark Sensex closed 322 points lower at 27,797.01, the lowest closing level since October 30 and about 1,000 points below its November 28 all-time closing high. The broader National Stock Exchange Nifty shed 97.55 points at 8,340.7, with only five, or 10 per cent, of its components ending with gains.
The rupee closed at 61.89 a dollar, compared with its previous close of 61.83 a dollar.
The Shanghai composite, which had rallied about 20 per cent in just 10 days, ended 5.4 per cent lower on Tuesday, after China imposed bond market restrictions. After dropping four per cent on Monday, Brent crude oil prices traded at about $66 a barrel, a level last seen five years ago. So far this year, oil prices have fallen about 40 per cent.
 
“There was quite a bit of volatility in global markets. This is putting a lot of pressure on Indian markets,” said Andrew Holland, chief executive officer, Ambit Investment Advisors. He added the situation was similar to October when Indian markets had seen a correction, following high volatility in European markets.
“The market has had a heady run and China was probably the excuse for a correction. However, this is more in the nature of a punctuation mark; the bull market still seems to have steam left...The Budget will be the fundamental trigger. The market will look for some big-bang reforms and there are hopes these will come through in the Budget,” said Ramesh Damani, member, BSE.
Volatility index India VIX rose three per cent, as traders braced for more volatility in the coming days. Analysts said the market was precariously poised, adding there could be further correction. Shrikant Chouhan, head (technical research), Kotak Securities, said, “The benchmark Nifty is close to its major support of 8,300. If it fails to sustain above it, the fall could go up to 8,200.”
On Tuesday, foreign institutional investors sold shares worth Rs 222 crore, provisional figures by stock exchanges showed, while domestic institutions sold shares worth about Rs 350 crore. ONGC, Larsen & Tourbo and State Bank of India saw huge selling pressure. Metals stocks continued to record losses, owing to a poor outlook on commodity prices due to weakness in China’s economy.
 
While Sterlite Industries fell five per cent, Tata Steel and Hindalco lost three per cent each, extending their recent declines.
"There could be further profit-booking by investors, as we are nearing the end of the year. This could bring the market down in the short term. However, nobody has changed their mind on India's long-term potential," said Holland.
After rallying about 30 per cent this year, the Indian market is trading above its long-term valuations. At 15 times the 2015-16 estimated earnings, it is somewhat above the longer-term average, says Rakesh Arora, head of research (India) at Macquarie Capital Securities. "In 2009, a strong and stable government pushed the market to a 17-18 times PER (price earnings ratio), which sustained for 18 months. In that context, the current multiples are still reasonable. We believe any further re-rating will be driven only by a faster economic recovery/ reforms and earnings growth."
On Tuesday, selling was recorded across the board, with about two stocks declining for every one that rose on BSE. The BSE small and mid-cap index fell more than the benchmark indices.

Centre bans unlicensed cab services across IndiaCentre bans unlicensed cab services across India
Surabhi Agarwal, Itika Sharma Punit & Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi/Bengaluru Dec 10, 2014 12:58 AM IST
In a sign of deepening trouble for US-based taxi services company Uber, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) on Tuesday stepped into the investigation into the alleged rape of a 27-year-old executive by an Uber driver in Delhi on Friday, with National Security Advisor Ajit Doval speaking to senior police officials and seeking a report.
It is expected Doval will brief Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the matter.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday announced in Parliament he had advised all states and Union territories to ban unlicensed cab services. Uber, as well as other web-based taxi aggregators such as OlaCabs and TaxiForSure were banned from operating in the national capital on Monday.
Following the Centre's diktat, almost all states swung into action. The Karnataka transport authority asked taxi aggregators to procure operator permits and instructed them to ensure their drivers were verified by the police by the end of the month. Chandigarh declared only three radio taxi operators as authorised - Mega Cabs, RBTS and Fab Cabs. Mumbai ordered all 28 private cab operators in that city to provide data on their drivers. In Mumbai and Jaipur, background checks would be carried out for drivers of regular black-and-yellow taxis, too, the police said.
ALSO READ:  Ban on taxi aggregators: Rs 2,000-cr PE money at stake
However, despite a first information report, a ban and the possibility of criminal liability, Uber seemed undeterred. In a late night press conference on Tuesday, Allen Penn, head of the company's Asia-Pacific operations, dodged all questions about how the ban would be imposed, the company's strategy to deal with the charges and the future of the company's operations in India.
He said Uber felt it was completely compliant with Indian regulations, adding this was why it was continuing to operate in Delhi and elsewhere. But the company was keen to have a dialogue with the authorities to work out a solution to some of the issues, he said.
ALSO READ:  Uber's Paytm customers can't withdraw money from e-wallet
On the ban on the company's operations, Penn said, "We're still trying to get the details on what it entails. We respect the government and the regulations, but there is a conflict between new-age technology platforms and regulations governing them, which are old."
Defying the ban by the Delhi authorities, Uber and some other 'unauthorised' radio taxis zipped across the capital's roads on Tuesday. Sunil, a driver with Uber, said there had been no communication from the company about the ban, adding the drivers "do not know what to do about it".
Delhi traffic police constables issued challans to drivers of banned taxi operators found plying in the city.
ALSO READ:  Drivers left in a limbo as Delhi govt bans app-based taxi operators
To receive the latest details on the case, Rajnath Singh summoned Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi to Parliament. Addressing the media, Bassi said police officials were examining the liability of Uber, as well as the action that could be taken against the American on-the-go taxi platform.
While the PMO and the home ministry are signalling serious action, Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari is reported to have disagreed with the decision to ban Uber, suggesting halting any transport service caused inconvenience to the people.
Uber, backed by investors such as Goldman Sachs, Google Ventures, Menlo, First Round, Lowercase Capital and Benchmark, found support from many quarters, with many arguing the company should not be punished for the act of an individual. Five-year-old Uber, which operates across 200 cities worldwide, is seen as a promising venture for its investment and employment-generation potential.
A civil servant argued Uber couldn't evade responsibility because it was the company that had put together this particular model of service and safety of users was its primary responsibility. "For that, one of the essentials is drivers must be trustworthy, with the minimum requirement that there should be no record of crime. In the current incident, the driver in question is a serial offender." He added one couldn't seek refuge behind gaps in law because the state had residual powers to deal with matters not covered by laws in force. "Executive orders by the Ministry of Home Affairs or state governments can impose any conditions considered appropriate," the official said.
ALSO READ:  'Cab driver a serial sexual offender'
Beyond India, the US city of Portland sued Uber on Monday to stop it from operating in Oregon city until it followed local regulations. Thailand's department of land transport on Tuesday said Uber was operating illegally in the country and ordered it to halt its services immediately.
Uber entered India in August last year. In just about a year, the country became the company's largest market outside the US. These developments are likely to hit the company's soaring valuation, pegged at $40 billion. A few days ago, Uber had raised $1.2 billion in fresh funding.
Even as their taxis continued to ply on Delhi roads, executives of Uber, OlaCabs and TaxiForSure, were silent. Founders OlaCabs and TaxiForSure, didn't respond to calls.
In an email statement on Tuesday evening, TaxiForSure said it "had not received any official communication from the Delhi authorities on stopping our partner vehicles. We will work with the government to ensure the convenience and safety of the people, especially women".
ALSO READ:  Branding missteps dog Uber
Meanwhile, 'licensed' radio taxi operators pleaded with commuters not to paint the entire industry with the same brush. "After the incident, all radio taxi operators are being labelled unsafe, which is not correct," said Rajesh Munjal, director of operations, EasyCabs.
Radio taxis had already started witnessing a fall in bookings, said Kunal Lalani, chief executive of Mega Cabs and president of the Association of Radio Taxi Operators. The Delhi transport authorities had ignored a warning by the association in September this year against players such as Uber and OlaCabs, which were operating without licences.
On Uber's website, the company's co-founder and chief executive, Travis Kalanick, famously states, "Every problem has a solution. You just have to be creative enough to find it." Indian authorities might have read it, too.
Kavita Chowdhury contributed to this story.

Amethi: Dissatisfied and restless caught in a time warpAmethi: Dissatisfied and restless caught in a time warp
Anjali Puri | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 12:50 AM IST
While Varanasi is in the heady grip of euphoria at being represented by Narendra Modi, in Amethi it is sometimes hard to believe Rahul Gandhi actually won his election.
Two facts have coalesced to recast him, in the public mind, as someone who lost. The first is that his victory margin dropped from 3,70,000 votes in 2009 to only 1,07,000 votes in 2014. Even more consequentially, that he led his party to a far more ignominious defeat than expected in the general elections.
Dan Bahadur Yadav, pradhan of Macchawa village, expounded at a tea shop on Rahul's remote persona and his failure to swing real benefits for Amethi. There were vigorous nods of agreement, even from those who had voted for him. Their verdict, in the idiom of rural UP, was: "Rahul Gandhi bhunna na paye (He couldn't cash in on his opportunities)".
As Amethi struggles to accept the changing political realities, the rise of Varanasi, a three-hour drive away, seems to have deepened the sense of its own fragility.
The buzz in Amethi's bazaars about how improved road and rail connectivity between the country's 'First Constituency' and Lucknow will work to the former's benefit evokes poignant memories for at least one veteran Congressman. "It reminds me," says Bhola Tripathi, "of the excitement in neighbouring districts when Rajiv Gandhi threw himself into developing Amethi."
While Varanasi looks forward to the future, a disappointed Amethi seems to be in the throes of intense nostalgia. It is often aroused by the fact that Rajiv, thanks to his brute majority in Parliament and a Congress UP chief minister, was able to bring 500-odd industries to the Jagdishpur industrial complex.
Ultimately, his big moves proved unsustainable and Jagdishpur turned into an industrial graveyard by 2000. That it mostly remains one to this day, despite a slew of big-ticket announcements from Rahul, is a fact that Amethi mourns, repeatedly, incessantly. There is scarcely a conversation to be had without a wistful reference to Malvika Steel, a defunct unit he promised to revive , but so far has failed to do so, despite persuading Steel Authority of India Limited to buy it.
Yet, despite its thwarted hopes, Amethi continues to believe in the power of VVIP affiliation. This came through strongly during a recent visit to Jagdishpur village in Deeh block, which Rahul has adopted under the Prime Minister's Adarsh Gram Yojna. In an omission typical of a demoralised Congress machinery, nobody important had made the trek here - on spectacularly bad roads - to tell the villagers of their new status. All they got was a phone call. (Rahul did visit, eventually, some days later).
Nevertheless, they were excited, not so much because he had adopted them but because they were now waiting to be twinned with Modi's adopted village, Jayapur, in Varanasi.
"There will be constant competition," said retired school teacher Virender Shankar Mishra exultantly, noting that the names of both villages began with 'J'.
Disappointment here with Rahul, though palpable, is expressed in different registers: With anger and resentment, but also plaintive complaint. When someone says, "We wanted to teach him a lesson," there is a distinct undertone: 'Well, come on, notice us, we exist'.
But will he? In a setting in which every twitch of Rahul's eyebrow is registered, his post-election demeanour has not raised hopes. Over a decade as Amethi's member of Parliament, Rahul's reserve with workers and the public - his discomfort with freewheeling interactions, his propensity to forget names of workers - has become the stuff of the wrong sort of legend.
When he exuded a relaxed charm at an open house here in July, it seemed he might be changing. However, the verdict of local Rahul-watchers is that though he visits dutifully every month, he is back to his stiff, structured ways. Does he have a political strategy for recovering ground in Amethi? His representative here, Chandrakant Dubey, responds with a single sentence. "Rahul's only political strategy is to empower people."
Dubey's soft-spoken calm contrasts with the turmoil, and low morale, among Congress workers. Ramamurthi Shukla, once Sanjay Gandhi's election agent (at 73, he still manages to exude the air of a storm-trooper), is a rare local Congressman willing to go on record with unsolicited advice. "Rahul needs to hold public meetings, to show up at village chaupals without notice, to listen to the public, to fight for their causes, whether with the state government or the Centre. He must get out of air-conditioned rooms and renew his bonds with the people."
It is amusing that even critics like Shukla react with outrage when you mention Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani. While most "outsiders" defeated by the Gandhis in electoral battles here, such as Rajmohan Gandhi and Maneka Gandhi, conveniently slunk away, Irani, who ran a spirited campaign in May and secured 300,000 votes, is keeping in touch, albeit in a low profile way.
Local Bharatiya Janata Party leader Daljit Singh, in whose home Irani stayed during her campaign, is upbeat. Local ratings for Modi are sky high, he maintains. As for Irani, he says, she is ticking all the right boxes. He points out that she personally thanked voters after the election, sent trucks with relief material in June after a village fire, assiduously entertains visiting party workers from the constituency, and has demonstrated interest in Amethi's pending projects.
He adds diplomatically that Irani would decide her own future, no doubt, "but whatever happens, we want didi as our margdarshak (guide)."
Irani famously had 15,000 saris distributed here at Diwali. Asha Rani Gupta says she walked two kilometres to the bazaar when she heard about this and used her elbows to secure one, while others in the crowd retreated empty-handed. She triumphantly brings out a box with Modi's photograph on it, and Irani's below, with the legend - 'Exclusive Saris'. Gupta knows the man on the box, but Irani's smiling face confuses her, and she asks, hesitantly, "It's not Sonia Gandhi, is it?"
Clearly, if Irani does wish to create more than a spark in Amethi - restless and dissatisfied, and yet in a time warp - she needs to invest in more saris, and more than saris.

Soon  single-engine planes on commercial routesWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
In a move designed to sharply improve air connectivity in small towns across the country, the government has decided to allow single-engine aircraft with up to nine seats to perform commercial operations along side larger airlines like IndiGo and Air India. This comes even as the ministry of civil aviation starts a consultation process to combine the two categories of non-scheduled operators (NSOPs) and scheduled airlines.
The development marks a major shift from the current rules where single-engine aircraft are only allowed for recreational or air charter services, and commercial operations are restricted to larger twin-engine aircraft. This strategy will be a part of the new civil aviation policy for which a draft was released in November, and a final version will be notified in January next year.
“Initially we thought of increasing helicopter services through Pawan Hans to improve air connectivity in smaller towns. But that was proving unviable. Instead allowing the huge fleet owned by air charter services to perform commercial operations will have a better impact, especially because most airports in smaller towns have shorter runways where larger jets owned by the scheduled airlines cannot land,” an aviation ministry official told FE.
Last month, union minister for civil aviation P Ashok Gajapathi Raju also wrote to several stakeholders inviting comments on a proposal to combine the 120 NSOPs registered with the Directorate General of Civil Aviation with the 11 scheduled operator permits. This move will help air charter services to fly their aircraft on regular routes.
“It is felt that that removal of distinction between the scheduled operators and NSOPs may help in increasing air connectivity to various regional centres, as large number of aircraft, which are lying dormant with NSOPS, may be brought to productive utilisation. The Minister desires that the feasability of removing the distinction may be examined at an early date,” a letter sent by the Minister’s office dated November 28, 2014 said.
Incidentally, a draft policy for regional/remote air connectivity released in August this year had proposed that by end-2016 airlines be mandated to match their capacity on 30 trunk routes with that deployed on regional/remote routes. As reported by FE in its edition dated August 30, 2014, this policy proposal would also have required larger carriers to tie up with smaller air charter firms to meet the requirements. However, this proposal was put on the back burner after heavy opposition from airlines who said that it would sharply impact their profitability.
TAGS: Civil Aviation
More from economy

http://usat.ly/1D47bgITony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom.
Post to Facebook
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D47bgI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
51
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 8:19 a.m. EST December 10, 2014
Tony Robbins outlines seven steps to financial freedom in his new book.
(Photo: Handout)
596 CONNECT 275 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 51 COMMENTEMAILMORE
People make several mistakes when saving and investing for retirement, and one of the biggest ones is not getting started because they think they need a large sum of money to begin, says Tony Robbins, 54, an inspirational speaker and best-selling author.
What you want is at least "a small amount of money you consistently invest," says Robbins, author of a new 656-page book, Money: Master the Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom. It includes information from his interviews with more than 50 top financial experts including Charles Schwab, Carl Icahn, Warren Buffett, Steve Forbes, hedge fund manager Ray Dalio and Vanguard founder John Bogle.
"When I asked Warren Buffett — what are the secrets to your wealth, he said it's three things. He said, No. 1, it's being born in America. No. 2 is good genes, so I live long enough, and No. 3, it's compound interest. Compound interest — people have no idea the power that it really has."
Robbins recounts a story of a UPS employee who never made more than $14,000 a year, but set aside 20% of every paycheck and put it into company stock. The man saw the value of his investments soar to more than $70 million by the time he was 90 years old,  says Robbins, who also wrote Unlimited Power and Awaken the Giant Within.
Some folks think investing and personal finance are so complex that they "never take the time to figure it out," he says.
His goal with the new book is to "help the average person to cut through all the complexity and all the mythology that is sold to us about how you really can't manage your own finances, and show them that the best people on earth have given them the guideposts and the steps to go from wherever they are financially to where they truly want to be."
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
But his advice isn't guaranteed to make you money. Even professional investors took different paths to their fortunes.
After researching the new book, Robbins developed what he calls the seven steps to financial freedom. Those are:
Step 1. Make the decision to become an investor, not a consumer. "You don't want to own an Apple phone, you want to own Apple," he says.
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Whatever that number is — 10%, 15% — stick to it in good times and bad. Have it taken automatically from your paycheck and put directly into a retirement or savings account.
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 2. Become an insider on investing. Know the rules of the game. Understand mutual funds and learn what mutual funds beat the market or their benchmark over any 10-year period. Look into the fees you are paying on mutual funds and how that affects your financial future.
He says people also don't read the fine print on their investments so they don't realize what fees they are paying. Just like there is compounding growth,  there are compounding costs, he says.
If you are only paying 1% in fees, you will probably end up with a lot more in your final nest egg than if you are paying 3% in fees, he says.
He points out that if you had a $100,000 investment and were lucky enough to get 7% annually, paying 1% in fees, you'd have about $574,000 after 30 years. If you paid 3% in fees, you'd only have about $324,000.
"What you don't know will hurt you in the financial world. But once you know these things, you'll be able to take advantage of the system instead of having the system take advantage of you."
Step 3. Make the game winnable. "Most people have a number that's so big that they never begin the journey," Robbins says. Figure out how much money you need for financial security and financial independence. Calculate this and come up with a plan. Look for places you can save more.
Step 4. Evaluate your asset allocation. "You have to create a bucket list. You have to learn where to put your money to keep it safe and where to put your money to grow it with some risk," he says. Put your money in different types of investments, such as stocks, bonds, commodities or real estate. Diversify your investments.
Step 5. Create a lifetime income plan. Make sure you won't run out of income for as long as you live. "Income is all that matters. Assets won't buy your food. They won't let you travel. You have to focus on income. The investment community wants you to think about keeping your money in assets."
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 6. Invest like the .001%. "That means learn from the very best on earth (Schwab, Icahn, Bogle, Dalio, Forbes and others he interviewed for the book), and what you learn from them apply and you'll achieve financial security faster than you will any other way."
Step 7. Just do it, enjoy it and share it. Make a commitment to be wealthy now, not in the future. "Start where you are, and you'll begin to find out that there's more than enough."
Robbins advises people to educate themselves in investing. It's worth the time, and it'll pay off.  "You master money, or it masters you," he says.
Robbins is donating all of the profits of this book in addition to a personal donation to feed 50 million meals to people in need this year through Feeding America, a hunger-relief charity.
Retirement plan changes you need to know about for next year
If you're starting to think about your New Year's resolutions, investing efficiently in your financial future is always a good one to consider. It's never a waste of your time to understand where your money is going and how you can save for your ret Newslook
1 of 20
Five ways to reduce holiday stress | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich outlines stress-reduction strategies for the holidays (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
2 of 20
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
3 of 20
See more video
Gay community less prepared for retirement
Same-sex couples in general are likely to have saved far less for retirement than their straight counterparts, according to exclusive analysis of the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances by AP.  (Nov. 21) AP
4 of 20
See more video
Five ways to cut holiday spending | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich offers easy ways to curb your spending during the holidays. (Your Best Life in Retirement, MONEY)
5 of 20
How to eat cheap at restaurants | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich offers ideas for cutting costs when dining out. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
6 of 20
See more video
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich shares advice from financial experts who say many Americans need to save much more aggressively for retirement.
7 of 20
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich explains how to cope with retiring from your job. (Money, Retirement, USA TODAY)
8 of 20
Simple steps to clearing the clutter in retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares tips for decluttering in retirement. (Retirement, USA TODAY)
9 of 20
Pets ease transition into retirement
Pets ease transition into retirement
10 of 20
Retirees on Social Security get a raise in 2015
USA Today's John Waggoner explains how a Social Security raise will impact retirees in 2015.
11 of 20
See more video
Got 20 minutes? A quick financial checkup | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
12 of 20
See more video
More millennial women worried about retirement says Fidelity study
Millennials may be struggling with student loans and a rough job market, but nearly half have already started saving for retirement, said Kristen Robinson, Senior Vice President at Fidelity. Newslook
13 of 20
See more video
New AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins
The new CEO Of AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins who takes over on September 1, 2014 replacing outgoing CEO A. Barry Rand.
14 of 20
See more video
Survey finds 6-figure earners more worried
Nearly half of Americans surveyed by the Wells Fargo/Gallup Investor and Retirement Optimism Index said they are worried about outliving their savings. Newslook
15 of 20
Americas Markets: 3 things you need to know about Social Security
Amreicas Markets with John Waggoner on the Social Security cost of living raise. USA TODAY
16 of 20
See more video
Merrill Edge: Americans feel guilty about not saving
Americans are feeling guilty about not investing enough over the past year, said Aron Levine, head of Preferred Banking and Merrill Edge at Bank of America. Newslook
17 of 20
See more video
Analyst: How to choose an annuity
Consumers should own an annuity for what it will do, not what it might do, says Stan Haithcock, annuity expert and author of "The Annuity Stanifesto". Newslook
18 of 20
See more video
Boomers need income stream in retirement
People need to plan to provide income for themselves in retirement with the same care and diligence in which they save for retirement, says Scott Holsopple, Managing Director of Retirement Solutions at The Mutual Fund Store. Newslook
19 of 20
See more video
Edward Jones: Retirees should stay course
Retirees and investors close to retirement should not make dramatic changes in their accounts due to the recent market volatility, said Scott Thoma, Retirement Strategist for Edward Jones. Newslook
20 of 20

Delhi rape: Uber unsure about verification of its drivers13
1
New Delhi: US-based cab booking firm Uber, which is under scrutiny in connection with a rape case, has a total of 4,000 drivers on its roll but it did not have any idea whether they have police verification or posses mandatory Public Service Vehicle (PSV) badge.
Uber's General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia told this to investigators probing the rape of a 27-year-old executive allegedly by a driver of the firm on Friday night which evoked widespread outrage.
The Asia-Pacific head of Uber, Alexander flew in from Hong Kong and met senior police officials to cooperate in the investigation.
The Asia-Pacific head of Uber, Alexander flew in from Hong Kong and met senior police officials to cooperate in the investigation.
#uber #new delhi #psv #uber delhi
Police has issued a notice under section 91 CrPC to him to provide certain documents of the company.
"We have asked him to submit documents under eight pointers which include details of all the taxis amd its drivers working with them and how you checked their antecedents and the details of the directors of the company," said a senior police official.
Police has already filed an FIR against Uber charging it of cheating its customers and defying government orders. Uber's executives were questioned by police for the second consecutive day.
The company was banned from operating in the city by Delhi government.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma said Bhatia told investigators that Uber have around 4,000 drivers but it did not carry out checking to know whether the cabbies had police verification certificate or possessed PSV.
PSV is mandatory for drivers of all public service vehicles in Delhi.
The woman executive was raped allegedly by Shiv Kumar Yadav, a driver with Uber on Friday night. Now it has emerged that he is serial sex offender who was allegedly involved in two separate cases of rape in 2011 and 2013.
Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi said police was examining legal liability of Uber.
"We are also legally examining what action can be taken against Uber for not fulfilling its promises," Bassi said.
Police has also found that Uber and other similar companies which operate online platforms linking drivers with customers are registered in India as technology businesses rather than transport companies.
Prima facie it has emerged that the company had not formulated procedures to honor the promise of a safe service it advertised about and which people, especially women trust while traveling with them at odd hours.
7

Can win climate change fight if we dont try to profit from disaster:JavadekarWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 10, 2014 8:15 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:53 am
Citing successful global collaborations in the past to overcome a few of the most intractable problems faced by mankind, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar today said countries can win the fight against climate change as well if they refrain from trying to “profit from disasters”.
Speaking at the high-level ministerial segment of the climate change in Lima, Javadekar said he strongly believed the CoP-20 (Conference of Parties to UNFCCC) was the ‘CoP of Hope’.
“There are practical examples of how in the past we have managed to secure successful global cooperation to solve global problems. Joint collaborative research without IPR price-tag ensured ‘Green Revolution’ through hybrids, helped in making available drugs against HIV/AIDS and for finding the ‘God particle’. Why can’t this spirit of joint collaboration be summoned to address climate change? Why do we want to profit from disasters?” Javadekar said.
During his speech, Javadekar listed the steps India had been taking to fight climate change and also reiterated India’s position on the important issues being negotiated for the climate agreement that is expected to be finalized in the next year’s conference in Paris.He spoke about the five-fold increase in the targets of the National Solar Mission, which is being upscaled to produced 100,000 MW of electricity by 2020, the doubling the clean energy cess on production of coal from 5 per cent to 10 per cent, and the nearly six billion dollars in Compensatory Afforestation Fund that will be used for increasing green cover and create bigger carbon sinks. He also talked about the tightening of pollution standards of
He spoke about the five-fold increase in the targets of the National Solar Mission, which is being upscaled to produced 100,000 MW of electricity by 2020, the doubling the clean energy cess on production of coal from 5 per cent to 10 per cent, and the nearly six billion dollars in Compensatory Afforestation Fund that will be used for increasing green cover and create bigger carbon sinks. He also talked about the tightening of pollution standards of cement industry, and creation of 100 ‘smart’ cities, and referred to the Ganga cleaning project as well.
“Our Action Plan for cleaning one of the longest rivers in the world, River Ganga will bring multiple benefits of pollution reduction and climate adaptation,” he said.
In an apparent response to the argument of the developed countries that the world had changed in the last two decades and hence the burden for climate action should be shared by every country, not just the rich world, Javadekar said there still was widespread poverty and the developing countries needed carbon space to provide basic amenities to them.
“While there is often a talk about changed reality, one in every seven persons in the world today still lives in abject poverty. continued…

Correction to continueLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Correction to continue
This is a sell on rally market. You can keep your short position open with stoplosses as the Nifty is headed towards 8200.
Post your opinion here
 
This is a sell on rally market. You can keep your short position open with stoplosses as the Nifty is headed towards 8200.
RELATED NEWS

Indian ADRs: Tata Motors slips 3.7%  Wipro down 2.2%Dec 10, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: Tata Motors slips 3.7%, Wipro down 2.2%
Indian ADRs ended mostly lower on Tuesday. Tata Motors slipped 3.75 percent and Wipro shed 2.24 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: Tata Motors slips 3.7%, Wipro down 2.2%
Indian ADRs ended mostly lower on Tuesday. Tata Motors slipped 3.75 percent and Wipro shed 2.24 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended mostly lower on Tuesday. In the banking space, ICICI Bank was down 0.31 percent at USD 12.12 and HDFC Bank was up 0.45 percent at USD 51.48.
In the IT space, Infosys declined 0.43 percent at USD 32.17 and Wipro shed 2.24 percent at USD 12.21.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors slipped 3.75 percent at USD 43.63 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories gained 0.51 percent at USD 54.66.
 

Top corporate news of the day - December 10  2014Top corporate news of the day - December 10  2014
2018-2020 EV Charger Market and Charging Stations Forecasts in 2014 Electric Vehicle Industry Research Reports2018-2020 EV Charger Market and Charging Stations Forecasts in 2014 Electric Vehicle Industry Research Reports
BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for Wednesday  10 December 2014BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for Wednesday  10 December 2014
HCL Technologies signs 30-month contract with Washington GasHCL Technologies signs 30-month contract with Washington Gas
UPDATE 1-In about face  Australia PM joins global climate fundUPDATE 1-In about face  Australia PM joins global climate fund
US Senate report: Bush-era CIA interrogations  ineffectiveUS Senate report: Bush-era CIA interrogations  ineffective
Shanghai  Greece set off global stocks routShanghai  Greece set off global stocks rout
Nikkei Falls 1%; Greece Uncertainty Hits Global SharesNikkei Falls 1%; Greece Uncertainty Hits Global Shares
U.S. spending bill adds $1.46 billion for military to buy 15 Boeing jetsU.S. spending bill adds $1.46 billion for military to buy 15 Boeing jets
Brent resumes its fall  losing more than $1 on oversupply worriesBrent resumes its fall  losing more than $1 on oversupply worries
Telecom Comm pegs 900 Mhz spectrum base price 23% higherDec 09, 2014, 09.53 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Telecom Comm pegs 900 Mhz spectrum base price 23% higher
The commission has finalised a base price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz for CDMA band, nearly 17 percent higher than the price suggested by TRAI.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Telecom Comm pegs 900 Mhz spectrum base price 23% higher
The commission has finalised a base price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz for CDMA band, nearly 17 percent higher than the price suggested by TRAI.
Post your opinion here
 
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission has recommended a base price of Rs 3,693 crore per megahertz for the premium 900 MHz frequency band, about 23 percent more than what regulator TRAI had suggested for the same for the spectrum auction in February.
The commission has finalised a base price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz for CDMA band, nearly 17 percent higher than the price suggested by TRAI.
"The Telecom Commission has recommended that per megahertz price of spectrum in 900 Mhz band should be Rs 3,693 crore, 1800 Mhz should be Rs 2,191 crore and 800 Mhz be priced at Rs 3,646 crore," an official source told PTI.
TRAI had recommended that base price for 900 Mhz band price be kept at Rs 3,004 crore per Mhz, for 1800 Mhz at Rs 2,138 crore and for CDMA spectrum at Rs 3,104 crore.
The commission in its meeting yesterday finalised the base prices for spectrum auction early next year. The recommended base prices now would be placed before Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad for final approval and after that Cabinet might be approached for certain issues.
Auction of spectrum in 900 Mhz band would be held for 18 telecom circles and buying one Mhz in each of these circles would cost Rs 3,693-crore to the bidder.
Also read:  Telecom Commission approves spectrum base price with riders
Similarly, spectrum in 1800 Mhz band is being auctioned in 20 circles while 800 Mhz band (CDMA) spectrum is on pan-India basis.
The auction is to be conducted for airwaves in 900 Mhz held by existing telecom operators Airtel , Vodafone, Idea Cellular  and Reliance Communications  through their licences that are expiring in 2015-16.
In the 900 Mhz band about 184 Mhz of spectrum is likely to be auctioned. In 1800 Mhz, government has proposed to auction 104 Mhz of spectrum which included spectrum held by licences that are expiring in 2015-16 and unsold airwaves in February auction.
However, government wants to keep 8.2 Mhz of spectrum as Defence band which leaves only 104 Mhz spectrum available for auction.
In case CDMA spectrum, government has proposed to auction spectrum in about 11 out of 22 service for which there were no bids received in March 2013 auction due to high base price.
Bharti Airtel stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  12:16 hrs Bharti Airtel was quoting at Rs 344.55, down Rs 5.55, or 1.59 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 419.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 282.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 27.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.57. The latest book value of the company is Rs 166.93 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.06.
RELATED NEWS

BJP condemns Mamata Banerjee s Modi remarksHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Parliamentary Party today unanimously condemned the “unruly” and “objectionable” remarks by Mamata Banerjee and TMC leader Kalyan Banerjee against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other leaders, saying such remarks go against civic ethics.
The party MPs, who met in Parliament House library in the absence of the Prime Minister and BJP chief Shah, were informed that the Insurance Bill will be taken up next week in the Parliament after the Union Cabinet approves the report of the Select Committee.
The party also hailed Modi’s rally in Srinagar yesterday which was attended by a record number of Kashmiris and termed it as a “historic” one.
“The BJP Parliamentary Party unanimously condemned the unruly and indecent remarks made by Mamata Banerjee and TMC leader Kalyan Banerjee against the Prime Minister and other BJP leaders. The party feels such remarks against the democratic spirit and civic ethics,” Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said after the meet.
Naqvi said the party leaders felt such uncalled for remarks are “highly condemnable and objectionable”.
Earlier addressing BJP MPs at the meeting, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley informed them that the Insurance Bill will be taken up in Parliament next week as the Select Committee of Rajya Sabha looking into the bill has approved it and will present its report.
Jaitley told them that once the report is submitted to Rajya Sabha, the Union Cabinet will approve the recommendations and the bill will be taken up for consideration and passage.
He also informed the members on how the stalemate in Rajya Sabha was resolved as various parties creating uproar over Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks had scaled down their demand and were seeking to find a “face saver” to come out of the situation as “they were losing their image before public”.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu talked about the Prime Minister’s “historic” rally in Srinagar which was hailed by the Parliamentary Party. He then asked Union Minister Jitendra Singh to apprise them about the rally, where he accompanied the Prime Minister.
Singh said never before in the last 30 years such a rally took place in Srinagar where a large number of people gathered to hear the Prime Minister. He also expressed hope that BJP will perform well in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections.
The BJP Parliamentary Party also congratulated the Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan units of the party for the party’s victory in the civic body elections in both the states.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Mamata Banerjee Trinamool Congress
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

An ode to Omar KhayyamUpdated: December 7, 2014 15:57 IST
An ode to Omar Khayyam
RAVEENA JOSEPH
music
Experimental electronica artiste Donn Bhat on how the Persian poet inspires his music
Donn Bhat is coming to Chennai for the first time. He’s been a known name in the music scene since his debut album in 2006 and has recently released his sophomore album, Passenger Revelator.
The experimental electronica artiste, who is here to perform at the IndiEarth XChange, is excited about visiting a new city and playing to an audience who might not have heard his music before. Excerpts from an email interview:
What inspired Passenger Revelator?
I got tired of making songs and not releasing them. For a while, I was only putting them up online. I read a quote by the Persian poet Omar Khayyam, which propelled me to finish the song ‘107’ from my new album.
The quote read, ‘There was a door to which I found no key, there was a veil past which I could not see, some little talk awhile of me and thee, there seemed — and then no more of thee and me’. It resonated within me, and I’ve used the lyric in the song as well. 
What can we expect from you at the IndiEarth exchange?
I’m going to be performing with Suhail Yusuf Khan, the renowned sarangi player, and Toymob, who I’ve been collaborating with for a while now.
We’ll be performing from my latest album, as well as my upcoming EP (extended play). There will also be some improvisation, to incorporate the music of the sarangi into our performance. I’ve heard a lot of international promoters come to the exchange, so I’m hoping we’ll get a chance to play elsewhere in the world. 
What do you think about the independent music scene in the country?
I think it’s a great place to be in right now. There’s so much new music coming out, and I think one of the most important changes over the years has been the huge increase in original content created. I’m very excited to see what happens next. I’d like to think it’s headed towards even more original music, and perhaps some that is socially relevant and can bring about change.
Donn takes the stage at 6.15 p.m. on December 7 at The Park.
 

Commodities aid tax revenue'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Even as prices of many commodities are hovering around five-year lows globally, India’s customs duty collections are unlikely to be affected much as higher imports are expected to make up for the potential loss of revenue due to any dip in the prices, reports Banikinkar Pattanayak in New Delhi. According to the latest commerce ministry data, key items other than gold, which attract customs duties, witnessed higher imports in the April-October period from a year before, as the economy showed some signs — albeit fragile — of a pick-up this fiscal and as traders sought to take advantage of lower prices globally.
Although higher imports may help, these may not be enough to salvage the situation for the government as analysts believe its ambitious targets of a 20.3% rise in indirect tax and 15.3% in customs duty collections for this fiscal may be missed. At 5.9%, the rise in the customs duty mop-up in the last fiscal was the lowest since 2009-10, which helped drive down the overall indirect tax collection growth to a four-year low of just 9.5% in 2013-14.
Already, the collection of indirect taxes grew just 5.6% during the April-October period from a year earlier, while that of customs duty rose 7.5%. Excise duty collections, another important component of indirect taxes, also declined by 1.2% until October this fiscal to Rs 88,330 crore.
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Abhijeet Group creditors asked to join winding-up caseSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Former employees of Abhijeet Group companies Corporate Ispat and Alloys (CIAL) and Corporate Power (CPL) who have filed a winding-up petition in the Calcutta High Court have requested the bankers of the two companies to send in their views on the petition before the next hearing. Meanwhile, the management at State Bank of India (SBI) told FE the bank was scouting for buyers for the loss-making companies.
Banks have a total exposure of close to R6,400 crore to the two companies which had sought a loan recast via the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell but were turned down after they failed to rope in fresh investors. CIAL reported a loss of R65.71 crore in FY13 on a revenue of R249.5 crore, a fall of 21%.
In an advertisement published in a Kolkata-based English daily, the petitioners have urged other creditors — lenders and other former employees whose dues have not been cleared — to file affidavits in court. The advertisement read: “Any creditor…desirous of supporting or opposing the making of an order on the said petition should send to the petitioner or his advocate notice of his intention…” The hearing is scheduled for January 12.
In an order dated September 2, 2014, in the CPL case, justice Biswanath Somadder of the Calcutta High Court said, “The statutory notice has not been replied to. The company’s admission of liability is palpable from the emails exchanged between the parties as also from the company’s lack of response to the statutory notice.” The judge added there was no hesitation to hold that the company is liable to pay the sum as stated in the statutory notice and having failed to pay the said sum, the company is liable to be wound up.
A lawyer at one of the city’s top firms explained that if other creditors do not file affidavits and join the winding-up process before the first hearing, they would need to file a separate application seeking inclusion. Nine banks have loaned R4,712 crore to CPL while 21 banks, led by SBI, have an exposure of around R1,652 crore to CIAL. The Manoj Jayaswal-led Abhijeet Group is allegedly among the biggest beneficiaries of the controversial coal block allotments; the company got blocks in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.
CIAL operates a sponge iron plant and a solar power unit while CPL is primarily into coal-based power plants.
Two former employees, Nitol Das and Rajendra Kumar, employed by CIAL and CPL, respectively, had moved the court with a winding-up petition in July this year seeking compensation for unpaid salaries. The court, on August 26, had admitted the petition against CIAL, after which the company filed a recalling petition, which was eventually dismissed by the court on November 7.
Das has sought Rs 17.9 lakh from CIAL, while Kumar filed the petition on July 16 against CPL seeking compensation of more than Rs 6.43 lakh towards payment of his salary with an interest of 7% per annum. “The interest is to be calculated from the date of statutory notice, till date of actual payment,” Kumar said in his petition.
On December 5, the companies again appealed against the petitions filed by the employees but were dismissed by the court.
“The honourable division bench has been pleased to observe that Rajendra Kumar is entitled to unpaid salary and other benefits and has been pleased to dismiss the said appeal by imposing a cost of Rs 10,000 on the CPL,” Anunoy Basu, an advocate at the Calcutta High Court said. He added that the appeal by CIAL against the petition filed by Das was later withdrawn on the same day by the company.
An email sent to the companies seeking comments on the issue remained unanswered.
Exit wounds:
SBI management says the bank was scouting for buyers for the loss-making Abhijeet Group companies.
Banks have a total exposure of close to R6,400 crore to the companies — CIAL & CPL.
The companies had sought a loan recast but were turned down after failing to rope in fresh investors.
In an advertisement published in a Kolkata daily, the petitioners have urged other creditors to file affidavits in court.
More from companies

Spectrum norms to get delayed  likely after FebWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
The department of telecommunications (DoT) is expected to come up with final guidelines on trading, sharing, merger and acquisition of spectrum only next year once the proposed auction in February has taken place. This is in stark contrast to telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad’s recent assertion that the norms would be finalised by the year end.
DoT officials feel that if guidelines are notified before the auctions, operators may not bid aggressively, thus impacting government revenues. In fact, similar apprehensions had led DoT to delay notification of trading guidelines in January this year as auctions were supposed to take place in February.
The government expects to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radiowaves at the upcoming auction. At least 184 MHz of spectrum in the 900-MHz band and 104 MHz in the 1,800-MHz would be auctioned. However, revenues from 3G airwaves, which are also likely to be put up for auction, have not been estimated.
Telcos say spectrum trading, sharing, merger and acquisition norms would provide much-needed options for exit to some debt-ridden operators in a sector hurt by intense competition and high prices of 3G and 4G airwaves that they bought in 2010.
Meanwhile, DoT is also looking at amendment to a contentious clause in the new M&A rules, which requires a buyer to pay market-linked price for spectrum that comes with any acquisition, minus the entry fee already paid by the seller.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had, in July this year, released guidelines on sharing of radio frequencies in all bands among telecom companies to optimally use limited airwaves. Currently, telcos are allowed to share network infrastructure like mobile towers, which has helped them reduce costs, but not airwaves.
Trai has said that spectrum in different bands would be sharable, provided both licensees have spectrum in the same band.
According to a draft of the sharing rules being drawn up by DoT, the government was considering allowing telecom companies to share 2G spectrum with each other as long as their combined holding is not more than 50% of the total airwaves allotted in that region.
Spectrum sharing would also be allowed only between two telcos holding 2G spectrum in the same service area, but not between operators holding airwaves in two separate circles. Bandwidth sharing is also not allowed between operators holding 3G airwaves and operators won’t be allowed to lease their spectrum only share it.
More from economy

3G roaming issue: Supreme Court seeks reply from major firmsWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
The Supreme Court on Monday sought reply from Tata Teleservices, Vodafone, Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular and others on an appeal filed by DoT challenging the sectoral tribunal’s order that allowed the private telecom operators to offer 3G services under a roaming arrangement in areas where they did not win spectrum in a 2010 auction. The agreements allowed the telcos to offer 3G services using airwaves that the other operators had won for a fee.
A bench headed by Justice Jasti Chelameswar sought reply from Tata Teleservices, Vodafone, Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, Aircel, Reliance Communications and others after the Centre challenged the  Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal’s April 29 order that overturned a DoT ban on offering 3G mobile services beyond their licensed zones through roaming pacts on the ground that it was in national interest to allow better utilisation of scarce radio
frequency.
Challenging the TDSAT’s judgment that ruled in favour of intra circle 3G roaming, DoT in its appeal said that the tribunal erred by distinguishing between the delivery of services permissible under the licence and the allocation of spectrum for rendering those services and also arriving at “an erroneous conclusion that use of 3G technology and the delivery of services through 3G technology is not excluded from the scope of the licence.”
Stating that 3G service is a separate and a valuable service and it is not an extension or continuation of the 2G spectrum, the department said that the holders of “2G licences” cannot provide “3G services” by entering into intra-circle 3G roaming arrangement.
“The tribunal has failed to appreciate that the licences for providing 2G and 3G services are different and that the parties who fail to get 3G licenses cannot circumvent the provisions of the licenses and enter into arrangements to provide 3G services, which are contrary to the terms of licenses,” DoT sated.
While DoT held these pact between the service providers as illegal and said that it was equivalent to subletting one’s spectrum, the TDSAT had stated that such arrangements did not violate Unified Access Service Licence (UASL), and had also quashed Rs 1,200 crore penalties levied by the department.
TAGS: Supreme Court
More from economy

Parliamnet nod sought for Rs 12k-cr expenditureWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
Falling crude oil prices and deferment of the food security law roll-out are set to help the Narendra Modi government to limit its total subsidy outgo this fiscal within the budgeted level of 14% of total spending or at 1.95% of GDP.
In the first update to the annual budget called the supplementary demands for grants tabled in the Lok Sabha, finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday sought the Parliament’s permission for proposals with a net cash outgo of only R501 crore.
The remaining portion of the gross additional spending proposed of R12,529 crore does not involve cash outgo but still needs the Parliament’s approval for reallocating savings from one scheme to another.
The government chose not to seek any extra funds for petroleum or food but sought an additional spending of Rs 5,000 crore subsidy for indigenous urea producers and Rs 3,000 crore for defence canteen supplies.
The easing subsidy burden would bring cheer to policy makers as fiscal deficit in the April-September period had already crossed Rs 4.38 lakh crore or 82.6% of the full year estimate. Fiscal deficit scaled this level in the first half of the fiscal as revenue receipts remained at a third of annual target and expenditure crossed half of the total earmarked for the year.
In his budget presented in July, Jaitley had allocated Rs 63,426 crore for oil subsidies, out of which about Rs 57,000 crore was meant for compensating oil marketing firms IOC, HPCL and BPCL for their retail losses. Out of this, about Rs 30,000 has been given to them as part of the dues for the fourth quarter subsidy of 2013-14. Not seeking any additional funds for oil subsidy now indicates that the government could limit this year’s oil subsidy bill at the original estimate. Like last fiscal, oil retailers’ fourth quarter subsidy dues for 2014-15 too may be rolled over to 2015-16 but this amount may be less than that of 2014-15.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Narendra Modi
More from economy

Shared till  model for Navi Mumbai international airportWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
In a move to attract bidders for the development of the Navi Mumbai International Airport, the ministry of civil aviation (MoCA) has cleared the so-called ‘shared till’ model of development of the proposed greenfield airport, which will allow the airport’s operator to retain a percentage of non-aeronautical revenues.
A spokesperson for the City and Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO), the nodal agency responsible for the Navi Mumbai International Airport project, said that the ministry had given its approval for the ‘shared till’ approach on Sunday.
The shared till approach allows the operator to retain a percentage of non-aeronautical revenues, which include turnover from retail shops, long-term concessions given to the entities like duty-free shop operators in the terminal building, and car parking charges.
CIDCO was in favour of the shared till model of development for the Navi Mumbai airport as it helps create a level playing field between other prospective bidders and the GVK Group, which currently operates the Mumbai international airport.
Since the proposed airport falls within 300km of the existing airport in the city, Mumbai International Airport Ltd (MIAL), which is a GVK-led consortium, had the first right of refusal vis-a-vis development of the Navi Mumbai airport.
It is expected that even after development of the Navi Mumbai airport, bulk of the air traffic would remain directed towards the Mumbai airport, which theoritically gives GVK a competitive edge if it were to bid for the new airport, as it enjoys high aeronautical revenues from the Mumbai airport.
Since the prospective developer of the Navi Mumbai airport will now be entitled to non-aeronautical revenues too, they can compete with GVK when bidding for the contract. However, GVK can pay 90% of the highest bid offered and bag the contract to develop the new airport from CIDCO.
“This (the shared till approach) will enhance long-term project viability for the operator of the airport and encourage participation from other private players,” the CIDCO spokesperson said.
Though major airports in India like those in Delhi and Mumbai operate on a shared till basis, most others follow a ‘single till’ or ‘dual till’ model. Under the single till model, aeronautical as well as all non –aeronautical revenues are used to cross-subsidize the expenditure incurred for the development of the airport. In the dual till approach, only aeronautical revenues are used to subsidise development expenses. At present, popular airports in the country like in Delhi and Mumbai were developed under the shared till approach.
A senior CIDCO executive had earlier told FE that as many as 20 bidders had shown interest in developing the project.
Some of the leading companies that are bidding for the new international airport coming up on the northeastern fringes of Mumbai include Zurich Airport, Spanish firm Ferrovial Aeropuertos, Tata Realty and Infrastructure, MIAL, SREI Infrastructure Finance Limited, Essel Infraprojects, Solux Corsan India Engineering & Construction, Gensler (USA), Samsung C&T, IL&FS, and the GMR Group.
FE couldn’t independently verify with these companies, except MIAL. A MIAL official had earlier told FE that the consortium will bid for the largest greenfield airport proposed in India.
The first phase of the Rs 14,574 crore-project, which was first coneptualised 27 years ago, is now expected to be completed by the end of 2017.
More from economy

Salman Khan plays football with young champsCelebrity
Salman Khan plays a football match with young champs
'Dabbang' actor Salman Khan launched a recently started football game in India, Indian Super League (ISL)’s young champions. These young champions are the ones that would later be selected for the ISL (grouped as aged 10- 13). Nita Ambani accompanied Salman during the launch. Have a look at the two leading stars of their field!
The superstar Khan, Salman Khan appeared svelte in a red tee, denims, neon sports shoes and of course, his lucky bracelet.
1 / 10

Delhi cab rape case: Banning Uber not a solution  says Nitin GadkariSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Union Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari today disagreed with the decision to ban Uber cab services in Delhi in the wake of the alleged rape of a 27-year -old woman in a taxi plying under it, saying such a move could not be a solution.
“New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct,” Gadkari said outside Parliament House here.
The minister’s statement came a day after Delhi government banned all operations by private cab service Uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the national capital following the alleged rape committed by a driver registered with it.
Asked specifically about Delhi government’s move, the Union minister said that state governments have the right to take a decision in such matters.
“It is up to the state government to decide because the subject is in Concurrent List. State governments have equal right to take a decision about it,” he said.
Saying that new systems with modern concepts must be encouraged Gadkari, however, noted that lacunae in such systems should be plugged.
Citing data that 30 per cent of driving licences in the country were bogus, the minister said that a new system would be put in place to replace the Motor Vehicles Act.
“As per a report, 30 per cent of the driving licences in the country are bogus… We are going to change the 1988 Motor Vehicles Act by which we will have a centre comprising all records of drivers. That would help solve the problem of accessing the accident and criminal records of drivers,” he said.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Nitin Gadkari Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

MCX-SX complies with net worth normsMCX-SX complies with net worth norms
Our Bureau
Allots shares held by FTIL to 12 new investors including Rakesh Jhunhunwala
Mumbai, December 9:  
MCX-SX has complied with SEBI’s minimum net worth requirements by issuing shares to 12 new investors post their conversion of warrants which were earlier held by FTIL.
They are Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, Trust Investment Advisors, Edelweiss Commodities Services, Viral A Parikh, Nemish S Shah HUF, Derive Investments, Kalpraj Dharamshi, Dhanesh Sumatilal Shah, Uday Shah, Madhuri Kela, Renuka Shah and Madhu Vadera Jayakumar.
This is pending SEBI approval, said a statement from the bourse. In addition, Rakesh Jhunjhunwala would also be transferred the equity shares earlier held by FTIL. Post transfer of warrants and equity by FTIL to investors, it would have completely exited MCX-SX.
 Saurabh Sarkar, MD & CEO, MCX-SX, said “We welcome the new investors who have reposed faith in us. With this development, the exchange is hopeful of introducing new contracts in all existing segments shortly. We are sure that this is a very positive development and would help the exchange in rebuilding the confidence of stakeholders. Our immediate focus would be to capitalise the exchange and building the business in our existing as well as new segments.”
The bourse has also met with SEBI’s conditions for renewal of recognition.  
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

StanCharts US probation extendedDecember 10, 2014 12:47 am
US extends StanChart probation period by three years
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af8c1ab2-8004-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After euphoria  India Inc worried about Modi govt s approachInitial euphoria wanes, India Inc worried about Modi government's 'lack of boldness'
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 06.29AM IST
Tags:
BJP government
(At a closed door CII meeting,…)
NEW DELHI: Six months after Modi Sarkar assumed power amidst great expectations, many industrialists are concerned about what they see as a lack of boldness in reforms and an absence of radical ideas. As a result, they are largely unwilling to commit fresh investments in the country at a time the infrastructure sector is in a virtual logjam because of high debt.
At a closed door, barred-to-media session of the Confederation of Indian Industry last Saturday, December 6, some of India Inc's most prominent voices asked whether the government is doing enough to jumpstart growth, unlock infrastructure and spur fresh investments. While business leaders conceded the mood was upbeat, they said a lot more needed to be done for fresh investments to kick in.
"This government has moved us from despair to hope... but now I think that hope is waning," said GVK Power & Infrastructure Vice-Chairman Sanjay Reddy, according to people present at the meeting. "The government actually needs to take a bold line and has to say we are going to move away from the past. But we are not seeing that happening at the moment," added SRF Chairman Arun Bharat Ram, referring to labour reforms and the role of the public sector. "One of the biggest opponents to labour reforms is BJP's own trade union and if what we are going to see is every move being weighed politically, we are in the same boat as before," he added.
Arun Bharat Ram's office told ET he wasn't present at the CII meeting, but two attendees confirmed to ET that he was indeed there and had voiced his opinion. GVK also denied that Reddy had made any such comments at the meeting. Biocon founder and Chairperson Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw expressed concern over the BJP government following in the footsteps of its predecessor by floating new welfare schemes in healthcare.
"I am personally very concerned about the government's focus on a universal healthcare programme. As we all know, it should be a sustainable model, it cannot be an overarching free-for-all scheme... there should be some co-pay. Social welfare schemes shouldn't be about doling out freebies and creating an entitlement culture that is detrimental to growth. The government is very pro-growth, but within that, we need to be very sensitive and conscious of the social welfare area," said Shaw, who attended the meeting. She told ET later that "a lot of industry members (at the meeting) talked about how much reforms this government can actually bring in". Shaw also confirmed her comments at the meeting. "What we are seeing right now is reforms that are minor tinkering. There is a lot of interest in Indian stocks, but where is the investment in new projects? Everyone is playing wait and watch," she added.
Columbia University Professor Arvind Panagariya, who is an advisor to Rajasthan's BJP government, is learnt to have said that things which should have happened by now, such as new norms for land acquisition, removing tax uncertainty and recapitalisation of banks, haven't taken place. "India is a little behind on the growth curve... and I am slightly disappointed," he said. Panagariya did not respond to ET's email.
  Veteran industrialist Dhruv Sawhney, chairman of the Triveni Group, said the capital goods sector, in the first six months, is still at 60 per cent of where it was in 2011. "This feedback should be given. This sector hasn't taken off even till end of November. It's quite widespread. That shows the actual investment on the ground is not happening," Sawhney is learnt to have said. Sawhney's office said he was out of the country and was unavailable for comment.
Janmejaya Sinha, chairman of The Boston Consulting Group's Asia Pacific unit, expressed concern over the state of the PSU banking sector and suggested the government could consider lowering its stake to 33 per cent. "Credit is not picking up, we cannot get out of this bind," he is learnt to have said. People familiar with the situation told ET that CII President Ajay Shriram started the discussion by inviting participants to air their views in an open and frank manner. Shriram said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was keen to assess "the pulse and the buzz" in industry circles.
Bharti Group Chairman Sunil Mittal praised the efforts of the new government to turn around the economy and urged fellow CEOs to be patient. "Industry should be patient as reforms would take a few years," Mittal is learnt to have said, adding that the new government was a "welcome change in terms of its approach to industry... and that it has the gumption to say we will go for growth and amend laws".

http://usat.ly/1AcEKr3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Carl's Jr. to roll out 'natural' burger
The same folks who gave the world the 1,400-calorie Monster Burger are about roll out its cosmic opposite: the  first "All Natural" Burger from a major fast-food chain. Carl's Jr., a chain known for indulgent
Post to Facebook
Carl's Jr. to roll out 'natural' burger The same folks who gave the world the 1,400-calorie Monster Burger are about roll out its cosmic opposite: the  first "All Natural" Burger from a major fast-food chain. Carl's Jr., a chain known for indulgent Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AcqyOO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Carl's Jr. to roll out 'natural' burger
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 7:03 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Carl's Jr. All-Natural Burger.
3755 CONNECT 165 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Fast food has finally come to this:  the "clean" burger.
Carl's Jr., known for indulgent offerings targeting young guys and ads with racy gals, will become the first major fast-food chain to sell a "natural" burger
when it rolls out the "All-Natural Burger" Dec. 17 at all 1,150 stores. The burger has no antibiotics, no steroids, no added hormones and comes from grass-fed, free-range cattle.
The strategic move by the regional chain with mostly West Coast locations comes at a time fast-food chains are racing to improve the perceived quality of their food.  With Chipotle CMG and Panera Bread PNRA increasingly attracting young consumers with their better-for-you menus, major chains from McDonald's MCD to Burger King BKW are pushing to improve their food offerings. The term "natural" is a hot-button, with 72% of consumers equating natural with "healthy" in a recent consumer survey by the restaurant research firm Technomic.
"Our objective has never been to tell people what to eat, but to serve them what they want to eat," says Andy Puzder, CEO at CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl's Jr. and Hardee's chains. Both rolled out turkey burgers in 2011.
The "All-Natural Burger," which will sell for $4.69 for a single and $6.99 for a double, will be the chain's most expensive quarter pounder, nearly 60% higher than Carl's $2.99, Famous Star with Cheese.  The meat is being imported from Australia, says Puzder, because there isn't enough domestic supply of natural beef available.
Some much smaller, regional burger chains have sold naturals burgers for years – including Shake Shack, Elevation Burger, BRG and Farmer Boys.
The term "natural" is a cultural hot button. One in three consumers say they are eating natural foods "more often," says the Technomic survey.  But Darren Tristano, executive vice president at Technomic, warns that some consumers will interpret "natural" as meaning less tasty. Natural burgers tend to have more texture and less fat than conventional burgers, he says. (Carl's says the
its "All-Natural"  has 760 calories and 44 grams of fat. The Famous Star with Cheese, though slightly smaller, clocks in at 670 calories and 37 grams of fat).
The "All-Natural" burger falls within that USDA definition, says Brad Haley, chief marketing officer at CKE.
Just last month, General Mills agreed to drop the "100% Natural" claims on its Nature Valley Granola Bars after consumer groups, including the Center for Science in the Public Interest, sued, claiming that the bars  contained artificial ingredients.
Last summer, Carl's tested the All-Natural burgers in the Los Angeles market, where they were a hit, Haley says. In customer surveys, the percentage who said they would purchase the product a second time "was one of the highest of any burger we've ever tested," Haley says.
Soon,Hardee's will begin testing the Natural Burger in the Midwest, Haley says.
For those wondering, yes, the cheese used on the All-Natural burger is natural, too.
3755 CONNECT 165 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AcqyOO
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Nifty seen opening lower; may retest support at 8290Federal Reserve
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Wednesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to head lower, but may bounce back from its key support levels of 8,290-8,280.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 35 points lower at 8,353, indicating a negative opening on the domestic market.
Selling pressure continued throughout the trading session to conclude the day with a loss of 97 points at 8340. The Sensex lost another 322 points and ended at 27,792.
"Nifty breached the support of 8420 in trade on Tuesday and confirmed further weakness. It now has support placed at 8290-8280 range, which is an important swing low on the charts as well as the 38.20% Fibonacci Retracement of the entire advance from 7723 till 8626," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 8420 would now act as a resistance for the index in the next few sessions," added the report.
The index has now broken below its crucial psychological support level of 8350, and the short-term trend is clearly on the downside which may push the index lower by another 150-200 points.
"It has been two days of sharp correction and it looks like that the trend is clearly on the downside, so if somebody has not exited long, it is bad news," said Mitesh Thacker , Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com.
"We are eventually heading towards 8,200 to about 8,180 on the downside and that is where some kind of support and consolidation might happen; but, for the time being the trend is on the downside, use bounce backs to sell if you are holding only short positions, keep holding them," he added.
Overnight, US stocks ended flat as concerns about global weakness and political turmoil were offset by gains in technology and energy shares.
"Greece unnerved investors after the government brought a presidential vote forward in a political gamble that raised uncertainty over the country's transition out of its bailout," Reuters reported.
"Adding to the cautious tone was uncertainty over whether the US Federal Reserve will change its pledge to keep rates near zero for a "considerable time" when policymakers meet next week," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 51.28 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 17,801.2, the S&P 500 lost 0.49 points, or 0.02 per cent, to 2,059.82 and the Nasdaq Composite added 25.77 points, or 0.54 per cent, to 4,766.47.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was trading 1.4 per cent lower at 17,564 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.01 per cent higher at 23,486. China's Shanghai index was trading 0.13 per cent higher at 2,860.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Action Plan of 2014-15 on Disinvestment; Coal India  ONGC and NHPC approved for DisinvestmentAction Plan of 2014-15 on Disinvestment; Coal India, ONGC and NHPC approved for Disinvestment
Action Plan of 2014-15 on Disinvestment; Coal India, ONGC and NHPC approved for Disinvestment
As per the Action Plan of 2014-15 on Disinvestment, Coal India, ONGC and NHPC have been approved for disinvestment.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/action-plan-of-2014-15-on-disinvestment-coal-india-ongc-and-nhpc-approved-for-disinvestment-114121000002_1.html
December 10, 2014 08:22 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 12:19 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Ignoring ban  Uber is still taking bookings in DelhiSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Uber’s operations head for South Asia, Allen Penn, said on Tuesday that the cab service was still taking bookings across India, including in Delhi, and would continue to do so as the “livelihood of thousands of drivers depended” on his firm’s service.
Delhi government had banned Uber’s services on Monday after massive outrage over the alleged rape of a Gurgaon executive by one of its drivers in Delhi on Friday night. “The last few days have been difficult for Delhi, particularly the victim. Our condolences go out to her and the family. We are deeply sorry about the incident and want to do everything we can to help her,” Penn told reporters here late Tuesday.
“We are still trying to get the details of the ban. Though we respect the government and its rules and regulations, we are also committed to our drivers and will continue to support them as their livelihood depends on Uber. They have to feed their families and we cannot abandon them at this time of need.”
According to Penn, Uber first received a call from Delhi Police at 9 am on Saturday. “They had a name which did not match any of our records, but the phone number they provided matched our database. We quickly provided the police the driver’s name, photograph, address and all the necessary documents available with us. Since the GPS tracking system provides us all details, we were also able to tell the police the route which the cab had taken.”
Since then, Penn said, Uber had been “closely” following up with the police. “Our priority in the last few days has been to cooperate with the investigating agencies.”
Penn said the licences were issued to the drivers by the Indian government much before the company started operations here. “All these trips were still happening. It was the same drivers, same cabs, same driving licences, same documents, same travellers — literally nothing has changed. The only difference Uber has made is to facilitate more business, help drivers get more rides, make more money.”
Penn also claimed that the company carries out “all required checks” including the personal details of the drivers and the fitness of the vehicles. Once a driver registers with Uber, in-person checks are conducted at the Gurgaon office. Uber, he added, has 50 employees in India and the team is responsible for these checks in its offices in each city. Once registered, information from the documents provided by the drivers is fed into Uber’s system.
“The most important verification is the bank account. Uber requires the drivers to have a bank account to pay them. And a bank account needs a KYC verification process,” he explained.
TAGS: Uber Cab
More from companies

Can win climate change fight if we dont try to profit from disasters: JavadekarWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 10, 2014 8:15 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:53 am
Citing successful global collaborations in the past to overcome a few of the most intractable problems faced by mankind, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar today said countries can win the fight against climate change as well if they refrain from trying to “profit from disasters”.
Speaking at the high-level ministerial segment of the climate change in Lima, Javadekar said he strongly believed the CoP-20 (Conference of Parties to UNFCCC) was the ‘CoP of Hope’.
“There are practical examples of how in the past we have managed to secure successful global cooperation to solve global problems. Joint collaborative research without IPR price-tag ensured ‘Green Revolution’ through hybrids, helped in making available drugs against HIV/AIDS and for finding the ‘God particle’. Why can’t this spirit of joint collaboration be summoned to address climate change? Why do we want to profit from disasters?” Javadekar said.
During his speech, Javadekar listed the steps India had been taking to fight climate change and also reiterated India’s position on the important issues being negotiated for the climate agreement that is expected to be finalized in the next year’s conference in Paris.He spoke about the five-fold increase in the targets of the National Solar Mission, which is being upscaled to produced 100,000 MW of electricity by 2020, the doubling the clean energy cess on production of coal from 5 per cent to 10 per cent, and the nearly six billion dollars in Compensatory Afforestation Fund that will be used for increasing green cover and create bigger carbon sinks. He also talked about the tightening of pollution standards of
He spoke about the five-fold increase in the targets of the National Solar Mission, which is being upscaled to produced 100,000 MW of electricity by 2020, the doubling the clean energy cess on production of coal from 5 per cent to 10 per cent, and the nearly six billion dollars in Compensatory Afforestation Fund that will be used for increasing green cover and create bigger carbon sinks. He also talked about the tightening of pollution standards of cement industry, and creation of 100 ‘smart’ cities, and referred to the Ganga cleaning project as well.
“Our Action Plan for cleaning one of the longest rivers in the world, River Ganga will bring multiple benefits of pollution reduction and climate adaptation,” he said.
In an apparent response to the argument of the developed countries that the world had changed in the last two decades and hence the burden for climate action should be shared by every country, not just the rich world, Javadekar said there still was widespread poverty and the developing countries needed carbon space to provide basic amenities to them.
“While there is often a talk about changed reality, one in every seven persons in the world today still lives in abject poverty. continued…

Valuations high; if oil falls further US may see slowdown: Anand Tandon08:00 am
With the Nifty falling around 2 percent over the last 10 days, market expert Anand Tandon believes the fall may continue through the month of December.
At the moment, the environment is such that valuations are still high and no economic recovery has been seen on the growth. At the same time, fund flows are good, but earnings growth assumptions need to be more realistic, he adds. According to him, all this combined makes for a bearish position on the market.
He believes it will be a good idea to bet on domestic or economic play, but it has been played to the hilt. "So you have to see significant downsize, to buy again," he told CNBC-TV18. Other than that, he advises investors to hold on to select IT and pharma companies.
However, he is not in a hurry to buy any sector or companies. He says if an investor or trader is planning to bet on the domestic consumption theme, then one must remember that the rupee has been weakening.
Moving on to the much debated commodities space, Tandon believes it is weak and he sees no reason why anybody should own metals. He adds that 50 percent of the growth seen in the US market is coming from oil and if oil prices continue to fall then US may once again see a slowdown.
The index has a 50-55 percent weightage from companies that are either exporting commodities or exporting something else, therefore the index will have some sort of trouble in moving up from here. 
Among midcaps, he likes  Motherson Sumi and Bharat Forge , though they are expensive at the moment. In the pharma space, he is bullish on Cadila and  Wockhardt , but it may test your patience. There are a wide range of companies, that one must buy if they get cheaper, says Tandon.
RELATED NEWS

Here are Amit Gupta s few trading ideasLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are Amit Gupta's few trading ideas
Watch the interview of Amit Gupta, ICICI Direct with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here
Watch the interview of Amit Gupta, ICICI Direct with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Amit Gupta's interview with CNBC-TV18.
There are select midcaps in the last one or two sessions, which have not fallen. Either it is
resilience in the stock or they have not moved before much faster in terms of other stocks and that is why the fall is not high. The leverage previously was not high and that is why they are not falling more.
In the same category I will put Exide Industries . Previously when the market was good, we had already seen move from Rs 165 to Rs 150 in the stock. So, that was a good 15 points fall. The market was fine that time and now it has already taken out Rs 160; it is trading around Rs 170. So, the fall if any, comes in the stock it is going to be restricted around Rs 165-168 level because any good stock can fall if the market continues to fall.
Around Rs 165-168, if you see any kind of declines in Exide, utilise it to go long, 28-30 percent open interest is already being closed in this particular move which recently started from Rs 150 onwards which clearly shows short covering and it is not high on leverage. However, I will keep my stoploss around Rs 162 in the stock.
Among the heavyweights I will look for ITC  and in the midcap Exide Industries possibly can be looked at. Had ITC been weak or it had been falling then Nifty would have been so far around 8100-8200 level. So, it is definitely supporting the market when the other bigger components are weak.
On May 2014, ITC made a high of around Rs 388. Since then, there was a continuous selling pressure around Rs 380. Couple of times it has already fallen from Rs 380 in the months of November and then September and once it has taken out Rs 380 it has become the highest put base for the stock. So, that is a major support now for the stock.
On the higher side on 400 Call options where the call writers were very active in the last two or three series, they have to exit from their positions looking at the current trend in the stock. So, the closure possibly has already started and it is possible that the stock may move towards Rs 410 kind of level.
Looking at the current volatility, the choppiness in the market, it is better that one forms a bull call spread in the stock. You can buy 395 Call option and sell 410 Call option in the stock. You have a cost of around Rs 4-5 and looking at this, just ride the upward rally
in the stock. So, among the heavyweights it seems to be a safer bet.
RELATED NEWS

Market may open in red: Ventura SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market may open in red: Ventura Securities
According to Ventura Securities, markets to open in red as negative sentiments continue to persist in global markets.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' Fundamental Report:
Sensex, on Tuesday, tanked 322 points and closed at 27,797 following a sell-off in Chinese shares and worsening current account deficit. China reported a lower than expected increase in exports and a drastic fall in imports, widening the trade surplus significantly. Further, regulators also tightened rules for lending. This weighed heavily on investor sentiments across the globe, as China is a major world trade partner.
Among sectors, power, metal, capital goods, infra and PSU ended on a negative note. Among stocks, SSLT, ONGC, Bharti Airtel and Tata Power fell over 4 percent each. Market breadth was negative with 2,088 declines against 859 advances.
Nifty declined 98 points and closed at 8,340. Today we expect the markets to open in red as negative sentiments continue to persist in global markets.
US markets ended the day on a mixed note. Dow Jones fell 0.29 percent while Nasdaq gained 0.53 percent as US markets pared early losses following gains in technology and energy shares. US markets, today, will see data releases on Crude Oil Inventories 10-y Bond Auction and Federal Budget Balance.
Asian markets are trading on a negative note with Nikkei down 1.59 percent and Hang Seng down 0.43 percent following weak Chinese data. SGX Nifty is trading down 41 points at 8,347.
Indian ADRs ended the day on a negative note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank fell 0.31 percent and HDFC Bank gained 0.45 percent. Among IT ADRs, Wipro and Infosys fell 2.24 percent and 0.43 percent, respectively. Tata Motors closed 3.75 percent down.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Axis Bank to raise $100 million from IFCAxis Bank to raise $100 million from IFC
Uber Rape Case: India Clamps Down on Unregistered TaxisUber Rape Case: India Clamps Down on Unregistered Taxis
Sensex  Nifty Can Correct 10-15% in Short Term: Madhav DharSensex  Nifty Can Correct 10-15% in Short Term: Madhav Dhar
Markets expected to open on flat to negative note: ICICIdirectMarkets expected to open on flat to negative note: ICICIdirect
Rajnath Singh advised all states to ban unlicensed cab services: reportsRajnath Singh advised all states to ban unlicensed cab services: reports
RIL may gain after executing JV agreement with Shandong RuyiRIL may gain after executing JV agreement with Shandong Ruyi
Should You Invest In A Flat Or In LandShould You Invest In A Flat Or In Land
Sell Tata Motors Ltd with target of Rs 480: Sandeep WagleHi Guest
Sell Tata Motors Ltd with target of Rs 480: Sandeep Wagle
In a chat with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO of Power My Wealth, shares his views on Tata Motors Ltd.   ET Now: What is your call on Tata Motors Ltd? Sandeep Wagle: Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 480 and a stop loss of

Rajnath fumes as Uber cabs rape case hits homeIIT Guwahati Professor accused of rape by office assistant, held
Miffed over a group of people staging protests outside his home over the rape of a young woman by an Uber cabs driver in Delhi , Home Minister Rajnath Singh today conveyed his displeasure at Delhi Police’s “laxity” in stopping them – it may be recalled, former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit faced same kind of protests in the aftermath of the Delhi gangrape on December 16.
Singh summoned Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi after yesterday’s incident when the group came to his residence in Ashoka Road in central Delhi to protest the rape of a young girl on Friday night.
“The Home Minister expressed his displeasure and told Bassi to ensure that no such incident occures in future,” sources said.
The Delhi Police are understood to be conducting an internal inquiry to fix the responsibility for the alleged security breach.
In a similar security breach, a large number of protesters demanding reservation for the Jat community had forced their way into the residence of the then Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde on April 11, 2013.
Thirteen policemen were suspended and 142 protesters arrested and they were charged with rioting, trespass and unlawful assembly besides obstructing and assaulting public servants on duty for that incident.
After yesterday’s incident, traffic on the busy Ashoka Road has been diverted temporarily as a precautionary measure.
TAGS: Rajnath Singh Uber
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Sensex opens below 27 800; global markets weighMarkets remain flat; Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Benchmark indices continue to trade in a tight range with negative bias weighed down by index heavyweights ITC and HDFC. However, buying in metal and capital goods segments has capped the downslide.
By 10:40, the Sensex was lower by 27 points at 27,770 mark and the Nifty slipped by 8 points at 8,333.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 0.5-1%.
The market breadth in BSE remains healthy 1,230 shares advancing and 842 shares declining.
The losers on the Sensex are Sun Pharma, ITC, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Maruti Suzuki.
On the gaining side, Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, Hero Moto and ONGC have gained between 1-2%.
**************************************************
Updated at 9:30
Markets have turned choppy after opening slightly lower tracking weak global cues.
Investors booked profits yesterday across the board, amid a sell-off in Chinese shares, with state-owned oil exploration major ONGC leading the decline.
By 9:30, the Sensex was lower by 17 points at 27,780 mark and the Nifty slipped by 2 points at 8,339.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.2-0.3%.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 749 shares advancing and 326 shares declining.
Foreign portfolio investors sold shares worth a net Rs 221.52 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
The government will unveil industrial production data for October 2014 and annual rate of inflation based on the combined consumer price indices (CPI) for urban and rural India for November 2014 on Friday.
On the global front, Japanese stocks tumbled to a more than one-week low on Wednesday morning, as political uncertainty in Greece spooked world markets already under strain from a slide in crude oil prices and worries over global growth.
The resulting flight to safety drove the yen higher and took a toll on exporters.
The Nikkei benchmark dropped 1.5% to 17,542.67 in mid-morning trade after falling to as low as 17,518.05 earlier, the lowest since Dec. 2.
China's annual consumer inflation eased to a five-year low of 1.4% in November from 1.6% in October, the lowest since November 2009, signalling persistent weakness in the world's second-largest economy and giving policymakers more room to ease policy to support growth.
Back home, BSE FMCG index has slipped by nearly 1% followed by counters like Auto, Capital Goods and Healthcare, all declining marginally. However, BSE Metal index has gained by nearly 1%.
The main losers on the Sensex are Tata Motors, ITC, M&M, Sun Pharma, L&T and HUL.
Tata Motors has lost around 1.5% over growth concerns in China, one of its major markets.
On the gaining side, Tata Power, Hindalco, Hero Moto, Bharti Airtel and ONGC have gained between 1-2%.
Shares of Bharti Airtel  is trading higher by 1% at Rs 358 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in early morning deal on reports that the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside a penalty of Rs 650 crore imposed on the company by Department of Telecommunication (DOT) in a roaming case.
GAIL has gained 0.4%. UP Government has agreed to constitute high power committee for GAIL’s Jagdishpur - Haldia pipeline.

Morning Bets:  BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for WednesdayYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Wednesday, 03 December 2014
ET Now Dec 3, 2014, 08.36AM IST
Tags:
Allahabad Bank
(ET Now spoke to various experts…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Bombay Burmah Trading Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 480 and a stop loss of Rs 450
JBF Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 252 and a stop loss of Rs 228
Bharat Forge Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1040 and a stop loss of Rs 985
Simplex Infrastructures Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 350
Sona Koyo Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 63 and a stop loss of Rs 56
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Biocon Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 485 and a stop loss of Rs 460
Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 500 and a stop loss of Rs 450
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Allahabad Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 143 and a stop loss of Rs 122
BEML is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 795 and a stop loss of Rs 720
Jyothy Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 277 and a stop loss of Rs 250
Apollo Hospitals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1245 and a stop loss of Rs 1180
GAIL India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 448 and a stop loss of Rs 471
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex down 105 points as IT shares slipUpdated: December 5, 2014 17:38 IST
Sensex down 105 points as IT shares slip
PTI
economy, business and finance
The benchmark Sensex on Friday ended 105 points lower at 28,458.10 and logged its first weekly drop in seven weeks on late profit-booking in IT and pharma shares.
The BSE Sensex appears to be consolidating between 28,000 and 29,000 levels before making any fresh move, brokers said.
ITC, M&M and Sesa Sterlite were among the few gainers in 30-share Sensex. The barometer fell on losses led by TCS, Infosys, Wipro, Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy’s and Cipla shares.
Second-line stocks, which have been in the limelight recently, also were hit by profit-booking by retail investors, brokers added.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed better and improved further to a high of 28,651.75 only to fell back after mid—session. It finally settled at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points or 0.37 per cent.
Yesterday, Sensex gained 120.11 points or 0.42 per cent.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex has fallen by about 236 points. This is its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
“In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed indices in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
The broad-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also dipped by 26.10 points, or 0.30 per cent, to end at 8,538.30.
Meanwhile, manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said today.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) picked up shares worth Rs 474 crore yesterday as per provisional data.

Unanswered questionsUpdated: December 9, 2014 02:24 IST
Unanswered questions
heads of state
The key takeaway from the meeting that Prime Minister Narendra Modi had with State Chief Ministers to discuss the contours of the new body that will replace the Planning Commission was this: that power and planning should be decentralised and States should be empowered to plan, design and manage schemes based on what fits them best. This is a point on which consensus appeared to have emerged even as the Chief Ministers diverged along party lines over whether the existing body should be revamped or be replaced with a new one. The decision to offer a greater say to States in planning and managing schemes seems to have been born from Mr. Modi’s own experience as Gujarat Chief Minister when he made presentations to the Plan panel and felt the need for a better platform to articulate the views of his State. In line with this consensus, Chief Ministers would be included in the body on a rotational basis to give it a federal character. Mr. Modi’s remark on ‘bottom to top’ planning is a comment on how New Delhi cannot tailor the development plans of States as each State has unique needs and problems. A second point that appeared to have gained recognition was that expertise and knowledge resided as much outside the government, if not more so, and that these needed to be tapped by roping in the private sector into the new body.
There is, however, not much clarity on the traditional role of the Planning Commission, including its job of sitting in on expenditure committee meetings. Will it mean the end of the planning process itself? If not, who will formulate and monitor the annual and five year plans as the Commission was doing? Sunday’s meeting also failed to tackle the issue of who will allocate and transfer funds from the Centre to the States for Centrally-sponsored and Plan schemes, with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley stating that further consultations would be held on this issue. The Planning Commission has also been a veritable think-tank producing studies and policy reports that different Ministries relied upon in their decision-making. The body was staffed largely by academics and bureaucrats at the top, and an attempt to enlist expertise from the business sector did not go very far. If the new body has to be a public-private think-tank, as the Prime Minister seems to want it to be, it should have the ability to attract top-drawer talent and also network with research bodies and universities in India and abroad. Interestingly, unlike the existing Planning Commission, the new body is likely to have a statutory role, giving greater weight to its functions and powers. At this stage, many unanswered questions remain, and a great deal more of conceptual thought needs to go into the making of the new body that is to come into being by the end of January.

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 9Dec 09, 2014, 01.06 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 9
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Gulf Oil Lubricant, Diamond Power, Onmobile Global, Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy and Sudarshan Chemical.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 9
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Gulf Oil Lubricant, Diamond Power, Onmobile Global, Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy and Sudarshan Chemical.
Post your opinion here

SunRanbaxy merger process: Much work still to be doneThe transaction still has to get approvals from the Punjab and Haryana High Courts
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
With the much-awaited approval from the Competition Commission of India coming through, Sun Pharma’s merger with Ranbaxy has entered its last mile.
But even as the anti-competition authority’s green signal marks several milestones, there’s still much work to be done before the two companies operate as a single entity.
In giving its approval, the CCI has cleared the way for the creation of India’s largest drug company with revenues of over Rs 25,000 crore. And if that is not a milestone in itself, the CCI has clocked another first of sorts in the implementation of the competition law.
It is the first time a merger and acquisition (M&A) transaction went into phase II investigation involving public scrutiny, says Avaantika Kakkar, Partner, Khaitan & Co, who led the negotiations for Sun with the CCI.
Sun’s $4 billion proposal to merge Ranbaxy with itself was scrutinised for the possible adverse impact it could have in the competitive market place. And the final decision was that seven drugs be dropped between the two companies.
Such competition-related evaluations are common occurrence in a mature regime, says Kakkar. And here too, the CCI made an assessment of the real concerns and has come out with an order that sets a precedent, she says. While there is a law, how it plays out is something that gets illustrated in a case like this, she explains.
Major M&A transactions in the pharmaceutical sector, specially as domestic businesses were bought out by foreign owners, had raised the hackles of Government and public health advocates. They apprehended that India would become vulnerable from a health-security point of view, if its manufacturing capability went into foreign hands. And this led to a call for mega transactions in this strategic sector to be whetted by two gate-keepers – the Foreign Investment Promotion Board and the CCI.
Such a concern did not come up in the Sun-Ranbaxy case, as Ranbaxy (owned by Japanese drugmaker Daiichi Sankyo) was in fact coming back into the fold of a domestic drugmajor, Sun. The transaction was largely scrutinized from a competition point of view.
Not yet a done deal
The transaction still has to get approvals at home, from the Punjab and Haryana High Court, and abroad from the United States Federal Trade Commission (USFTC).
With much of the discussions already done, a final USFTC order is expected shortly, says a source familiar with the development.
Meanwhile, still on the agenda is the divestment of seven overlapping drugs, and the CCI will appoint an agency to oversee the process. While Sun will be in the driver’s seat in getting the divestment done, the revenues from these products are about Rs 50 crore, a source said. The process of getting buyers for the products will now get underway.
All this has a six month deadline, following which the deal is truly sealed. And even as this gets wrapped up, there is the reality that four of Ranbaxy’s India plants are banned from selling in the US.
So, much attention will continue to be on the combined entity, as Sun deals with regulatory concerns in the US, some involving its own plants and others to do with Ranbaxy.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Study: Recent Emissions Pledges Will Curb WarmingEmissions Pledges From China, U.S. And Europe Will Slow Rate Of Global Warming, Study Finds
Reuters
Updated:
12/08/2014  3:59 pm EST
Houses and buildings are covered with heavy haze in Shanghai, China, Thursday, Nov. 7, 2013. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
LIMA, Dec 8 (Reuters) - Recent pledges by China, the United  States and the European Union to limit greenhouse gas emissions  will slow the rate of global warming this century, a study by  climate scientists showed on Monday.
But the study, released during U.N. talks on a climate deal  in Lima, said temperatures were still on track to breach a  promise by almost 200 nations to limit global warming to 2  degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) to avert more heat waves,  floods and rising sea levels.
The Climate Action Tracker indicated that average  temperatures would rise by between 2.9 and 3.1 degrees Celsius  because of the promised actions by the three top emitters, about  0.2 to 0.4 degrees Celsius less than previously projected.
It was the first time in five years that promised actions  had reduced projected warming under the tracker, compiled by  European research groups Climate Analytics, the Potsdam  Institute for Climate Impact Research, Ecofys and the New  Climate Institute.
China has promised its emissions will peak around 2030,  while the United States aims to cut greenhouse gas emissions by  26-28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 and the EU plans to  lower them to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030.     (Reporting By Alister Doyle; Editing by Alan Crosby)
Also on HuffPost:

WGC for gold reserves as alternative to import curbsMeenakshi Sharma and A. Ananthalakshmi     Mumbai/Singapore   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 17:07 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government should allow banks to use gold as part of their liquidity reserves, which would let them make more use of gold inside the country and reduce the need for imports, the World Gold Council (WGC) said on Tuesday, seeing that as an alternative to curbs on gold imports.
India, which is the world's second-largest consumer of the precious metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by WGC.
"We have made our points to the government and some of these recommendations are in consideration," Somasundaram PR, head of the WGC's India operations, told Reuters. He did not elaborate.
The industry body says allowing banks to hold the yellow metal as part of their liquidity reserves would motivate them to introduce gold deposit schemes, which would in turn circulate existing bullion within the country, removing some of the need to import fresh supply.
"The solution to meeting India's enduring appetite for gold lies not in restricting the import of gold, but in making better use of the gold that is already in the country, making it a productive, fungible asset class like any other financial savings," Somasundaram said in a separate statement.
In 2013, struggling with a high trade deficit, the government imposed a record 10 per cent import duty on gold and a rule requiring a fifth of all imports to be re-exported (also known as the 80:20 rule). Bullion is the second-biggest item on the country's import bill after oil.
About 22,000 tonnes of gold is estimated to be held in domestic households.
Banks already offer gold deposit schemes but these have not proved popular with consumers, who prefer to hold their gold in ornament form and would need strong incentives to give up heirlooms and wedding gifts.
Once the consumer deposits the precious metal with the bank, it is refined to be sold to others. The consumer earns interest and receives gold bars when the term matures, regardless of what was originally deposited.
"At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products," the WGC report said.
The re-export rule was scrapped late-November to counter the smuggling and high premiums that had resulted.
Although the rules had curbed bullion inflows, consumer demand remained strong.
(Reuters)

Amazon adds bidding option to site for fine art  collectablesDec 09, 2014 at 05:30pm IST
Amazon adds bidding option to site for fine art, collectables
4
0
New York: Amazon.com added a new feature to its website on Tuesday that allows customers to bid for lower prices on more than 150,000 items, including fine art and rare coins, sold by third-party vendors.
The new feature represents a renewed attempt by Amazon to move beyond the fixed-price model on its site. In 1999, Amazon launched an online auction site, but the effort failed to compete with eBay Inc. Amazon went on to create a lucrative marketplace for third-party sellers which now accounts for about 40 percent of its quarterly unit sales.
In a recent survey of sellers conducted by Amazon, nearly half of the respondents said the ability to negotiate prices "would be important to drive more sales on Amazon", said Peter Faricy, who runs Amazon Marketplace.
Amazon.com added a new feature that allows customers to bid for lower prices on more than 150,000 items, including fine art and rare coins.
#amazon #fine art #collectables #online shopping
The largest U.S. online retailer said the new "make-an-offer" was distinct from an auction because price negotiations are private and a customer will never pay more than the listed price. Sellers have 72 hours to reject, accept or counter an offer from a customer. If the seller counters, the customer has another 72 hours to respond.
Amazon plans to expand the "make-an-offer" option to "hundreds of thousands" of items in 2015. Items that can be negotiated now include an 1863 document signed by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln sold for $150,000 and a mint-condition baseball signed by Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig with a nearly $10,000 price tag.
0

Risk aversion rises on growth fearsRisk aversion rises on growth fears
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70d9cd30-7f52-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sebi bars KMJ Land Developers from raising public moneyDec 09, 2014, 07.49 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sebi bars KMJ Land Developers from raising public money
The regulator has also asked the company and its directors to file their reply in the matter within 21 days from the date of receipt of the interim order.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sebi bars KMJ Land Developers from raising public money
The regulator has also asked the company and its directors to file their reply in the matter within 21 days from the date of receipt of the interim order.
Post your opinion here
 
Pulling the plug on a illicit realty investment scheme, markets regulator Sebi has restrained Gwalior-based KMJ Land Developers India and its directors from raising funds from investors with immediate effect.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has prima facie found that money pooling activity by the company was in the nature of "collective investment scheme (CIS)" and was being run without requisite approval from the regulator.
The company has mobilised Rs 81.6 crore from several investors through "sale/purchase, development and maintenance of agricultural land". Accordingly, the regulator has asked the company and its directors "not to collect any fresh money from investors under
its existing schemes" as well as "not to launch any new schemes or plans or float any new companies to raise fresh money."
They also have "to immediately submit the full inventory of the assets including land obtained through money raised". Besides, the company and its directors have been barred
from disposing of or alienate any of the properties or assets owned or acquired through the money raised. Further, they cannot "divert any fund raised from public at large which are kept in bank account(s)and/or in the custody of KMJ Land Developers India," Sebi said.
The regulator has also asked the company and its directors to file their reply in the matter within 21 days from the date of receipt of the interim order.
These directors are Santoshi Lal Rathore, Kanchan Rajawat Kushwah, Nirmala Rathore, Gopal Prasad Gupta, Dilip Jain, Sunil Singh, Mathura Bai and Sunil Singh Kushwah.
These directions shall take effect "immediately and shall be in force till further orders." 
RELATED NEWS

Coal block auction: no cap on number of bids in round oneWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

WTO appeals body verdict on steel duties has India looking to challenge other leviesWTO appeals body verdict on steel duties has India looking to challenge other levies
Our Bureau
Ruling that NMDC is not a ‘public body’ has global implications: Commerce Ministry
New Delhi, December 9:  
India has said that the World Trade Organization’s Appellate Body ruling against penal duties imposed by the US on Indian steel is a major victory as it will also allow it to challenge similar duties imposed on other products.
The ruling has come as a relief for major steel producers such as Essar, Jindal and Tata, which had almost stopped exporting ‘hot-rolled carbon steel flat products’ to the US in the face of steep anti-subsidy duties (called countervailing duty or CVD), which were as high as 577 per cent in some cases.
“The ruling is crucial for the Indian steel industry and will help in enhancing India’s steel exports to the US. The Government should now look at similar CVD on other items,” said Anupam Shah, Chairman, The Engineering Export Promotion Council.
The Commerce Ministry has already started the process of identifying such items. “The items that could benefit from the ruling include at least six other steel items, such as steel nails and steel thread rods, PET and some chemicals,” a Commerce Ministry official told BusinessLine, adding that it had a significant trade implications.
Although the WTO’s dispute settlement panel had already ruled in July this year that the CVD imposed on hot-rolled steel from India flouted global trade rules, it had maintained that NMDC, which supplied steel to Indian companies, was a public body.
“This had disappointed India as it meant that all PSUs in future disputes at the WTO would be considered as public bodies liable of selling raw materials at subsidised rates. It thus complained to the WTO Appellate Body against the ruling,” the official explained. The Appellate Body, on Monday, overturned the WTO Panel Report’s suggestion that NMDC is a public body on the ground that it did not have governmental authority or discharged governmental functions.
“The ruling also has worldwide implications on how the WTO disciplines on subsidies can be applied against alleged financial contributions from State-owned enterprises,” an official release said.
The Dispute Settlement Body (DSB) is now expected to meet on December 19, when it will adopt the Appellate Body report. The US and India will then meet to decide on how the country plans to implement the WTO’s decision.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related
WTO rules in India’s favour in steel dispute with US
TOPICS

Reliance Ind in venture with Chinas Shandong Ruyi ScienceHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Reliance Ind in venture with China’s Shandong Ruyi Science
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
Reliance Industries Limited has formed a joint venture company with China’s Shandong Ruyi Science in a bid to revive its struggling textile business. RIL had started as a textile company under Dhirubhai Ambani but today its textile business accounts for a miniscule part of the company’s revenue
The new venture will bring together RIL’s Vimal brand and Ruyi’s worsted suiting brand ‘Georgia Gullini’. As per the definitive agreements, RIL will transfer its existing textile business into a newly incorporated company, for which RIL will receive cash consideration. RIL will own a majority 51 per cent in the proposed venture, with the balance owned by Ruyi. The company did not disclose the size of the deal. Nikhil R. Meswani, Executive Director, Reliance Industries Ltd., said that the move will help Reliance reposition its textile business on a higher growth path.”
Growth potential
Our partner’s deep commitment and global reach in the textile business will enable this venture to harness the growth potential of the Indian market and emerge as a global textile player,” he said.
Ruyi has revenues of over $3 billion and has a global presence including in the US, Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and China. Ruyi has a portfolio of brands such as ‘Taylor & Lodge’, ‘Harris Tweed’, ‘Royal Ruyi China’, ‘Nogara Italy’ and ‘Indios Italy’. The joint venture company will look at launching some of these brands in India. Qiu Yafu, Chairman, Shandong Ruyi Group, said the partnership with RIL reflected the closer economic relations between China and India.
Through the joint venture Ruyi will hope to capitalise on RIL’s wide distribution network in India while RIL will gain access to Ruyi’s technology and its global reach.
It was earlier reported that in 2012 RIL had put its textile business on the block but did not find any buyer. The textile business contributes $300-350 million to RIL’s overall $65-billion annual revenue. The company’s textile business, located at Naroda, near Ahmedabad, was set up in 1966.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

The Insurance Bill is anti-people: TMC leader Derek O BrienHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Revenue Secretary to hold pre-budget talks with CII teamon WednesdayRevenue Secretary to hold pre-budget talks with CII team on Wednesday
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das will Wednesday hold pre-budget parleys with members and tax experts representing the Confederation of Indian Industry, an apex industry chamber.
This meeting--expected to take place at North Block--will form part of the ongoing series of pre-budget discussions that the Revenue Secretary is holding with various industry associations and apex chambers of commerce.
Already Das has met with the representatives of FICCI and PHDCCI.
Indications are that CII will among other demands pitch for fiscal reliefs for Special Economic Zones developers and units in these zones.
A case may be made for abolition of minimum alternate tax and dividend distribution tax for SEZ developers and the units.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Lack of logistics hindering Indian e-tailers from selling overseasLack of logistics hindering Indian e-tailers from selling overseas
S Ronendra Singh
Unable to tap demand; with strong global logistics partners, it’s advantage Amazon, eBay
New Delhi, December 9:  
Home-grown e-commerce companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal, which have reached out to Indian artisans and small cottage industries, are unable to sell their products in the international market, while their global rivals such as Amazon and eBay are able to do so with ease.
This is mainly because Indian players lack the logistical strength to ship products to global customers.
“Companies like Amazon have a long-term goal to export products from India and also, they have deep pockets (investments), while Flipkart and Snapdeal are still struggling in getting margins,” Sanchit Vir Gogia, Chief Analyst and CEO at Greyhound Research, said.
Strong tech support
He said American companies also have strong technology support and their strategy to attract was robust. Also, they have international logistics partners such as Blue Dart (through DHL), DTDC, FedEx and Aramex.
The Centre has been promoting the e-commerce platform to showcase and sell local products. Companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal have tied up with the Textile Ministry through which they have connected with the artisans, weavers, and painters from Varanasi, Kota, Salem, Paithani, Jaipur, and Himroo to sell their products.
But, the customer base is restricted to India. However, the companies say that India is a huge market by itself.
“We are keen to list more handicrafts and artisan products on Snapdeal from wherever they are coming from — tier-II or tier-III [towns]. We have more than 2,000 artisans and want to reach out to more markets in India,” Abhishek Passi, Vice-President, Business Strategy, Snapdeal, told BusinessLine.
On the other hand, eBay and Amazon are leveraging their strength selling products such as handlooms, handicrafts, artificial jewellery and electronics to global consumers.
“We recently tied up with the Odisha State Cooperative Handicraft Corporation and Craftroots.org in Gujarat to enable their members to reach out to global audiences and showcase the States’ art and craftsmanship,” said Navin Mistry, Head – Retail Exports, eBay India. He said there are over 15,000 merchants on eBay selling their products to 201 countries from across the country. The US, UK, Australia and Canada are India’s main trading partners on eBay, he said.
“On eBay, commercial merchants based in India on average sell 48 per cent abroad (by value). These merchants export a product every 10 seconds to global eBay consumers,” Mistry said.
He said eBay India is committed to fostering the growth of Indian e-commerce by enabling many micro-multinationals and MSMEs to thrive. It also hopes to contribute towards the Prime Minister’s ‘Make in India’ campaign. On an average, commercial eBay merchants are shipping items to around 21 countries, Mistry added.
Amazon’s plans
Similarly, Amazon India is also planning to export such products to its global customers.
“Amazon has more than 200 million global customers and this is a huge opportunity for local (Indian) manufacturers to become global/ international brands and not just national brands,” Amit Agarwal, Vice-President and Country Manager, Amazon India, said. He said the company is right now working to create the right systems for local manufacturers to go global.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

India only bright spot in sluggish Asia Pacific economy: S&PComments
Ratings agency Standard & Poor’s (S&P) has called India the only bright spot in the Asia Pacific region in an otherwise shaky finish to year 2014 with all other economies losing momentum.
“Only India is bucking the trend,” said S&P in a report on Asia Pacific region’s credit outlook released on Tuesday. “India has been the region’s brightest spot,” it added.
The reason for its sunny outlook for India was PM Narendra Modi’s government that, the agency said, has picked up the pace of reform after a “modest” start.
This marks a sharp turnaround about India’s image as an investment destination among overseas analysts who had been unsparing about their criticism of the previous UPA government’s management of the Indian economy, hit by a policy standstill, corruption scandals and tax disputes.
The agency said that while China’s economy continues to slow, Japan is in “technical recession” and trade-dependent economies continue to suffer from lack of external demand.
Asia’s third-largest economy is showing signs of clawing out of its longest slump in a quarter century, and the raft of measures that Modi has announced has raised hopes that the government will be able to engineer a quick turnaround.
The government has vowed to remove red tape, ease rules, and pledged a non-adversarial governance regime to push companies to make India a manufacturing powerhouse through initiatives such as `Make in India’.
S&P upgraded India’s credit rating to “stable” from “negative” in September, by which time most of Modi’s announcements and measures were under way in various forms and stages.
The agency proceeded to list them: ending diesel subsidy, liberalizing foreign investment in insurance, and controlling discretionary government spending.
The agency also noted some of the programmes announced by Modi — financial inclusion by opening bank accounts for 100 million people who didn’t have one, streamlining government-transfer payment regimes, improving rural infrastructure, and cutting the number of government departments.
S&P welcomed the decision for “eliminating the planning ministry”. In August, Modi had announced the government’s intent to replace the Planning Commission with a new body, bringing the curtains down on the 64-year old institution founded on former Soviet Union’s command-style development model.
“Confidence has improved and growth momentum is now at around 7%,” said the agency, adding, however, a note of caution: “the build-up of corporate, and in some cases household, debt over the past five years remains a significant ‘tail’ risk,” S&P said on Tuesday.
The World Bank said in June that the India is already “benefiting from this ‘Modi dividend’ … with economic activity buoyed by expectations from the newly elected government”.

SpiceJet crisis deepens; fliers across the country left in the lurchSpiceJet woes leave thousands in the lurch
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 19:58 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:04 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
In what could be their worst nightmare during holiday season, passengers of the 1,861 flights cancelled by SpiceJet are either unpacking their bags or are staring at soaring flight rates of competitors, unable to zero in on a wallet-friendly fall-back option.
On my flights yesterday and today and at the two airports, was heartened by the warmth and caring that characterize SpiceJet staff (2/2)
— Sanjiv Kapoor (@SKapoorSpiceJet) December 9, 2014
Though the company will make full refunds to fliers, those who had to catch immediate flights could end up buying tickets from other flight operators at more than four times the rate at which they bought them from SpiceJet.
Sample the situation in Indore. Against a refund of Rs. 3,500 for the economy-class ticket booked in advance, the spot fare in Jet Airways’ Tuesday evening flight for Delhi was upwards of Rs. 15,500. Similarly, the fare for Wednesday’s Indore-Delhi flight was Rs. 6,734 for tickets booked a day in advance.
18000rs for a ticket to Belgaum. Just because spice jet has monopoly
— Akkshye Tulsyan (@AkkshyeTulsyan) December 10, 2014
no email, no msg, no validation for a refund. Just a call to say my #spicejet flight is canned! Flyers like these deserve to shutdown.
— Suranjana Nandi (@suranjananandi) December 9, 2014
@flyspicejet I used your offer to book in Sep and travel from Jan 15 to Oct 15...now I am scared with mass cancellation.M flying in Feb
— Tejas Modi (@tejasjmodi) December 9, 2014
The cash-strapped budget carrier had on Monday cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31. It also slashed the number of daily flights across the country to 275 from 340.
Of the states, the worst hit is probably landlocked Tripura which is highly dependent on flights for travel, particularly to Kolkata and Delhi.
The flight cancellations came after civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju flagged his deep concern over the airline's financial health, saying SpiceJet "is giving us heart attacks".
Even with as many as 3.3 billion passengers expected to take to India's skies by the end of 2014, according to the International Air Transport Association, SpiceJet — the country's second-largest carrier by passenger share — is struggling to stay aloft.
The no-frills airline had reported its fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs. 310 crore, though it managed to gradually decrease losses.
SpiceJet laid out a recovery plan two months ago that involved using fewer and newer planes.
The company's shares surged nearly two weeks ago when Indian billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, whose stock picks are closely watched, bought 7.5-million shares or a 1.4% stake in the company. But the shares have since fallen back and are down some 80% from a 2007 peak.
SpiceJet has said repeatedly it is in talks with investors about a capital injection but no white knight has yet emerged.
Meanwhile, Airports Authority of India has reportedly put SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode. It means the flight operator will have to pay money in advance for every landing and departure while other airlines have a one-month credit facility.
The cancellation of one flight results in a loss of around Rs. 1,00,000 to AAI, the landing charge being Rs. 30,000 per craft. As of now, the airline owes AAI around Rs. 200 crore.
India has a congested airline market where fare competition is fierce and operating costs are high, and all but one of its big four carriers are operating in the red.
Spicejet's troubles have stirred memories of the failure of liquor tycoon Vijay Mallya's Kingfisher Airlines, which stopped flying in 2012 after running up huge debts.
(With AFP inputs)

Partners in arms  energy  tech: Putin for deeper ties with IndiaComments
Russian President Vladimir Putin has outlined a vision of a transformed Indo-Russian relationship with a deeper level of partnership. This could see joint development of advanced weapons, cooperation in hi-tech areas ranging from nuclear power to space, and New Delhi benefiting from Moscow’s plans to be Asia’s “reliable” energy supplier. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Russian President Vladimir Putin at an informal BRICS meeting ahead of the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Australia. (PTI File Photo)
In an email interview with HT  on the eve of his first state visit to India, Putin spoke of New Delhi as a “reliable and time-tested partner” and how this “trust” could be converted into something greater.
This will be Putin’s third meeting with PM Narendra Modi, having met him before at the BRICS summit in Brazil and the G-20 summit in Australia. Putin spoke of his “satisfaction” at the Modi government’s “commitment” to seeking “new promising areas of cooperation”.
Russia’s rough diamonds’ bonanza for India on cards
Putin outlined steps to strengthen the “privileged strategic partnership”. On the problems Russia faces following the global oil price crash and the impact of Western sanctions, he said “we will devote particular attention to expanding trade and economic links, and boosting mutual investments”.
The closeness of the two countries “allows us to start a gradual transition from the traditional producer-consumer model to joint development and production of advanced weapon systems”. He cited the success of the BrahMos cruise missile and the potential in the fifth-generation fighter project. If military ties are to be transformed, he said, they would be “completely different kind of transformations”.
Putin skirted the issue of Russia’s signing a military agreement with Pakistan, saying the two countries had “held talks” on Russian help for counter-terrorism and anti-drug operations. He insisted this would serve the “long-term interests” of all countries, including India.
“We expect to secure ourselves the role of a reliable energy supplier to Asian markets”, he said and spoke of attracting Indian investment and technology. Citing the successful Sakhalin 1 gas project in Siberia, he said Russian firms were “actively discussing” with OVL the possibility of the Indian state-owned firm’s participation in Arctic oil and gas exploration. Putin poured cold water on proposals for a pipeline between Russia and India, questioning its “commercial feasibility.” He said natural gas was already  being shipped.
Listing the “joint strategic projects” he mentioned nuclear power plants, sales of the civilian Sukhoi Superjet 100 and MS-21 aircraft, and introducing the Glonass system – a Russian rival to GPS  – to “sectors of the Indian economy.” Putin said he expected deals on a butyl rubber plant, helicopter manufacturing, creating ‘smart city’ and tractor assembly.  “Our resources enable us to build up to 25 [nuclear] energy units in India,” he said, and that Russia was awaiting land to be allotted for a new  reactor outside the Kudankulam cluster.
Bilateral trade between India and Russia had fallen 10% to $ 9 billion in the past year. “It is important to reverse this trend”. Putin expressed confidence in the resilience of Indo-Russian relations. “Regardless of political and public leaders, our countries remained reliable partners in deepening our multifaceted bilateral cooperation,” he said.

With plans to invest $2 bn  iPhone maker Faxconn eyes Nokia s Chennai plantYou are here: Home > Collections > Micromax
With plans to invest $2 billion in India, iPhone maker Foxconn keen on Nokia's Chennai plant
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(The telecom & IT ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Foxconn, which makes iPhones and iPads for Apple and the Kindle for Amazon, has emerged as a possible buyer for Nokia's defunct Chennai factory as the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer looks to invest around $2 billion in India. This comes within weeks of fast-growing domestic handset maker Lava being reported to be interested in acquiring the plant, once the world's biggest phone-making facility.
In a related development, the telecom and IT ministry has proposed to the revenue department that Nokia be allowed to sell the plant, currently frozen in a tax dispute, without passing on the legal liability to the buyer, people familiar with the matter told ET.
"The proceeds from the sale (of the plant) could be deposited into an escrow account, which, upon the final court ruling, can go to the winner," a senior government official told ET. "The current dispute, as it stands, is lose-lose for both parties. Nokia can't sell, but if the plant and machinery goes to waste, the tax department will also not be able generate anything out of it."
He was referring to the dispute, now in court, between Nokia and the government that prevented the Finnish company from transferring the factory to Microsoft as part of a global $7.2-billion deal to sell its devices business to the US company. The factory closed after Microsoft decided to stop using it from November 1 as a contract manufacturer for its devices, putting thousands out of work.
The telecom and IT ministry has already held discussions with the revenue department on the matter, the official added. Foxconn is looking at investing around $2 billion in India, which would include the plant, according to people familiar with the matter. "What makes Foxconn's investment plans even stronger is that one of its chief Indian clients, Micromax, is believed to have expressed its intention of sourcing as much as 25% of production if Foxconn were to take over the plant," one of them said.
Micromax's current lineup of handsets is made by Foxconn, mostly in mainland China. Moreover, Foxconn's unit that was serving as a vendor to the Nokia plant has been hit by its closure. A purchase by Foxconn could see this unit get a new lease of life, possibly re-employing many who were forced to retire or got laid off, the people said. Foxconn India mainly made mobile phone panels for Nokia India and set up shop in the Special Economic Zone near Chennai about eight years ago.
Apart from Apple and Amazon, Foxconn's clients include brands such as Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Microsoft's Xbox. Foxconn didn't respond to ET's emailed queries while Micromax refused to comment on "speculations". "We don't comment on market speculations. However, we will definitively consider any options that subscribe to Make in India opportunities," said a spokesperson for Micromax. Nokia confirmed it had been approached by parties interested in buying the Chennai facility.
"But due to confidentiality reasons we will not comment further on this topic," a spokesperson said in an email.
A deal to sell the plant, once regarded as a showpiece of India's manufacturing capabilities, to Foxconn will act as a boost for the government's Make in India initiative. "We are trying to promote India as an electronics manufacturing hub and the Chennai plant is a great opportunity for us to leverage," said the official cited above.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tycoon to return Nobel medal to WatsonRussian billionaire to return $4.1m Nobel medal to James Watson
Courtney Weaver in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88456a30-7fc8-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What is behind Greeces snap presidential election© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/904105d4-7f94-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Whats catch a falling knife in GreekRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Uber executives admit Delhi app still on  defend companyComments
Speaking for the first time since the news of a 25-year-old financial analyst was raped by an Uber cab driver broke, the mobile app based cab hailing service said banning it is not the solution to the challenge of safety for women in the city.
Allen Penn, head of Uber's Asia operations.
Excerpts from an interview with Uber’s Head of Asia operations Allen Penn and Deval Delivala from Delhi operations.
Q: What is your verification process for driver who register themselves with you? Do you check their antecedents?
AP: We check drivers license, commercial vehicle registration and banking information. We get that for all the drivers. We have had frequent communication with the police and we hope justice is brought. We know the documents that are required. All payments to drivers are made electronically to their bank accounts. Banks have KYC for all account holders. We will see what else can we do. We will continue to improve.
DD: We check vehicles and its condition. We check all documents and have an entire checklist that is followed.
Q: Are you cooperating with the investigation?
AP: On Saturday we got a call early in the morning from Delhi Police for information. The name they had didn’t match the name in our system but the phone number did. We were able to match it to the profile and provided them the name, photo and address that matched our files. We provided the entire route taken by the cab through GPS. We have a team in Delhi and about 50 people across India. It has been very hard on our team, which is though nothing compared to what the victim went through.
Q: Have you met the victim?
AP: I haven’t met the victim yet but we are open to meeting her to express our sympathies. Last few days have been very difficult for everyone in the city and from Uber’s perspective, our thoughts go out to the victim and her family. It is a terrible crime that has happened and we are deeply sorry for her what has happened to her. We will do whatever we can to support her family
Q: It has been said that Uber is not following the regulations meant for cab services.
AP: Trying to get details on what it entails. We respect the government, rules and regulations. The backdrop is challenging. It’s a conflict we see in cities around the world. New technology matching up with regulations that are old and go back to the 1980s or even 1800s. we are connecting fully licensed drivers through the app and allowing them to grow their business, to become entrepreneurs. We are delivering benefits to riders and that’s what we want to point out and continue to flourish. The services have become popular because we provide value. We respect the government and the rules and we want to resolve any misunderstanding. We function under guidelines. We will continue to be through in our checks.
We need education and people start to focus on how Uber works. They find it is different and these services are super popular.
Blaming an entire industry doesn’t not seem to be the right answer. The trips (taken by the same drivers) happened earlier too and they existed before Uber and people booked these services through phone or websites. All these trips were already happening. We always check vehicles and all documents in person when a driver first comes to us. We know what documents are required but these drivers are not employed by us. These are the same drivers with the same licenses who are now just getting bookings through an app instead of phone. May be we need to look at model regulations for aggregators. With 30 per cent driving licenses being fake, it poses a challenge. It is so efficient that people will stop driving, otherwise we will not have highways and just parking lots.
Uber model complies with the regulations. There is some misunderstanding on how it works. We don’t own any car or employ drivers.
Q: Uber has become popular in a short time and people relied on the name. How safe is the system in the backdrop of the recent incident?
AP: We don’t take safety lightly and are very sorry if we let our riders down. It is a very safe platform. Safety is our number one priority. We are technology based service and both drivers and riders find value in it. We are building a platform where people feel safe and will continue to do more. We are trying to make it as safe as possible. Technology is powerful and part of the solution. That is what we can bring with partnership with the government.
DD: We pride ourselves on safe solutions and we are focusing a lot more on what we can do. We can build an emergency hotline in the app. We are a technology company and we are focused on what we can bring to the government.
Q: Have you met any government officials or ministers?
AP: We are welcome to talks with the officials in transportation and talk about best practices around the world. We welcome dialogue with the Delhi government and clear any miscommunication.
Q: There doesn’t seem to be any system through which a customer can make a complaint about a driver or bad service.
AP: Complaints can be made through the app or email. We get feedback and our teams work on it.
Q: Unlike other radio cabs, cabs hailed through Uber app don’t have GPS installed in them. Is it correct that a driver can turn off the phone to disconnect from the GPS system?
AP: We can track them while they are on a trip. But they are not employed by us and we can track them while they are on the system. If the driver switches off the phone, a message is sent to the rider that the trip has come to an end. We can see the entire route from start to end point, including the time taken and the speed.
Q: What are your future plans in India now that Uber has been banned in Delhi and other states might follow suit?
AP: Our drivers are questioning what’s going to happen to them? There are thousands of people whose livelihoods would be affected. We are going to support the drivers. We want to make sure that they continue to have a livelihood. Lets also respect those whose livelihood depends on this.
Q: How much has the incident affected Uber’s reputation and future growth in India?
AP: The company’s perception is our last concern. We want to see that justice is done. Riders rely on us and we would always focus on doing the right thing. The company can take care of itself. We see ourselves as a long term member of this community.
Our thoughts go out to the victim and her family for the terrible crime that has happened. We are deeply sorry for what happened. Safety is our number one priority. We are willing to cooperate with the government and have a dialogue.
Q: Despite the services being banned in Delhi, Uber app is still functional, which is illegal.
AP: The app is still on.
 

http://usat.ly/1BwFXxoFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most
Consumer Reports magazine has named its three worst cars and crossover SUVs for owner satisfaction. And of the six, only one comes from a Detroit automaker. Among cars, the Nissan Sentra, Kia Rio and Nissan
Post to Facebook
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most Consumer Reports magazine has named its three worst cars and crossover SUVs for owner satisfaction. And of the six, only one comes from a Detroit automaker. Among cars, the Nissan Sentra, Kia Rio and Nissan Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35m3C
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
110
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:15 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
Consumer Reports has named the Nissan Versa, shown here as the sedan, as the vehicle owners say they'd be least likely to buy again. Two other Nissans are also at the bottom. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Kia Rio was another unpopular choice among owners, like this 2012 five-door. 
(Photo: Kia)
Nissan Sentra had only 47% of owners saying they would buy it again. Here's the 2014. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Only 52% of Nissan Pathfinder owners say they'd buy it again. This is the 2013 model 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Jeep's Compass is the only vehicle from an American maker that makes the list of worst for owner satisfaction. This is a 2011 model 
(Photo: GEOFF ROBINS, AFP/Getty Images)
Barely half of owners say they'd buy another Hyundai Tucson in Consumer Reports' survey. This is a 2012. 
(Photo: Evan Sears, Cars.com)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Australia pledges $165 million to UN climate...Australia pledges $165 million to UN climate fund
AP Dec 10, 2014, 08.26AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(It was announced that Australia…)
LIMA, PERU: Australia has made a surprise pledge of 200 million Australian dollars ($165 million) to a key UN climate fund .
Expectations of an Australian contribution to the Green Climate Fund were low after Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told The Associated Press last week that Australia would continue to help developing countries cope with climate change through its own aid program.
But in Lima on Tuesday, Bishop announced that Australia would provide money to the fund as part of its "commitment to play our part in the global response to climate change.'' The fund has now received pledges of more than $10 billion.
Bishop said Australia is already making major contributions to address the effects of climate change, including through national direct action and international engagement, including its aid program.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fine on Bharti AirtelTDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fine on Bharti Airtel, Rs 100 crore on Vodafone
ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 02.52AM IST
Tags:
Aftab Alam
(Telecom tribunal TDSAT…)
NEW DELHI: The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside penalty notices of .`650 crore slapped on Airtel and of .`100 crore on Vodafone for subscriber local dialing service. The tribunal on Tuesday stayed the penalty notices while allowing petitions of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India challenging the telecom department's move.
Calling the penalties disproportionate to the violations, the TDSAT chided the telecom department for imposing the harshest penalty possible under the licence conditions. Under subscriber local dialling service, a subscriber while roaming could prefix a code before dialing a number and could forgo payment of roaming charges. DoT accused Airtel and Vodafone of causing loss to BSNL, whom they would have to otherwise pay charges.
The TDSAT order said the facility did not cause any loss to BSNL. Airtel had introduced the facility across 13 circles for three years and Vodafone across two circles for just one year. It also said that the impinged orders were passed eight years after the two operators discontinued the service. It has further pointed out that a telecom department committee report had itself called the service a subscriber friendly facility.
"We regret to say that such orders can only be passed by someone who, in anonymity feel safe from any accountability," the order says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1w5yeTIFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Just Cool Cars: A rare '56 Austin Healey
CARMEL VALLEY, Calif. --- When weather warms up in chilly Washington state, Jim Smalley dons his goggles and skull cap to goo out and get a little fresh air -- in his rare 1956 Austin Healey. Smalley, of Gig
Post to Facebook
Just Cool Cars: A rare '56 Austin Healey CARMEL VALLEY, Calif. --- When weather warms up in chilly Washington state, Jim Smalley dons his goggles and skull cap to goo out and get a little fresh air -- in his rare 1956 Austin Healey. Smalley, of Gig Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A3bTp2
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Just Cool Cars: A rare '56 Austin Healey
Video Keywords Gig Harbor performance option skull caps Carmel Austin USA today Belmont Colorado California Washington
James Smalley talks with USA TODAY's  Chris Woodyard about his rare '56 Austin Healey 100M
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  You don't see many Austin -- these days and you're
00:08  certainly not gonna see many of this one I'm Chris ordered
00:11  the USA today here with 81956. Austin nearly 100 am owned
00:16  by this man. Jim small a Gig Harbor Washington. Tell us
00:21  about this car how rare is it. Well let's in 1956.
00:25  We call a factory 100 AM. There was 640. Made in
00:30  late did -- -- up to. July of 1950s yet of
00:36  the 640. There's about a 190 lap they're documented by the
00:41  British heritage trust. So they're well known throughout the world there's
00:45  a registry of them and this is one of them. Jim
00:48  tell us what makes this car so rare. Just the basic
00:52  numbers of the factory it was a kind of our high
00:54  performance option that the factory yet. The base model of this
01:00  car. Produced ninety horsepower. And they put the -- option which
01:07  stands for LaMont. And that. Raised up to a 110 horse
01:11  which -- over 20% increase. They beefed up the suspension. They
01:16  put the Belmont neighborhood they put them bloopers that as you
01:19  can see stars just kind of a performance option that they
01:22  get down that beat them up. And then the are up
01:27  production stopped and they went to the six cylinder -- after
01:31  this stand out the four cylinder. Two seater was a thing
01:35  of the past. And Jimmy -- the links to get the
01:37  most out of performance of this car you'd keep that windshield
01:40  down and you Wear goggles right. -- and I had only
01:43  driver with the top down and we Wear goggles and a
01:47  skull caps and in the northwest we only get a couple
01:51  months. Out of the year that we get to enjoy it
01:53  so it's it's in the garage during a winner began this
01:55  summer. Off we go. Fully restored how difficult to get this
02:00  -- to show reject it's just for -- some nationally by
02:04  the -- National club so. It's tough to find it has
02:09  to be judged the way it left the factory so it
02:13  has to be all -- original parts which are documented by
02:16  numbers so. To find the correct her breeders'. The hardest part
02:20  what on this car was to find the correct distributor. It
02:24  didn't have the right one minute when I found this hard
02:26  this was in pieces. I'm -- founded in Colorado. But boy
02:31  do you ever see the result on this gorgeous car this
02:33  beautiful Austin -- At the quail motor sports gathering in Carmel
02:38  California and Chris -- for USA today.
Drive On
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:37 a.m. EST December 7, 2014
James Smalley from Gig Harbor, Wash., brought his Austin Healey 100M to the Quail Motorsports Gathering in Carmel Valley,  Calif.
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
111 CONNECT 20 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CARMEL VALLEY, Calif. — When weather warms up in chilly Washington state, Jim Smalley dons his goggles and skullcap to go out and get a little fresh air — in his rare open-air 1956 Austin Healey.
Smalley, of Gig Harbor, owns a 1956 Austin Healey 100M, a more high-powered version of the famous roadster. Of the 640 made from late 1955 to July 1956, only 190 survive, Smalley says. The 100 developed 110 horsepower, he says, 20 more than the stock version.
"It's kind of a performance option," Smalley told us when we caught up to him over the summer at the Quail Motorsports Gathering here.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A3bTp2
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

TEEN TITANS: Despite his awe  Jeff Lemire couldnt pass up writing for his gateway characters 
TEENAGERS. They’ll do, and say, the nuttiest things. Especially when they’re Titans.
DC Comics went with a youth movement, choosing the Teen Titans for the next installment of their Earth One graphic novels — a series that allows for fresh takes on classic characters, untethered as it is from past and current continuity.
Penning the new take on DC’s top teenagers is Jeff Lemire, with art by Terry Dodson (Wonder Woman, Harley Quinn). Fresh off ending his critically acclaimed run on “Green Arrow,” as well as concluding his exclusivity to DC Comics — he has upcoming projects with Valiant Comics (The Valiant) and Marvel Comics (Hawkeye) — Lemire says he couldn’t pass on the opportunity to write a Teen Titans story.
“These DC [Comics] characters are very special to me,” Lemire told The Post’s Comic Riffs. “George Perez and Marv Wolfman’s Teen Titans were really my gateway into comics originally, back when I was quite young. I revered these characters, and had a strong affection for them to begin with.”
Lemire’s love for the characters caused him to be not only excited to write for the Titans, but also at least somewhat intimidated.
“When you have so much freedom, sometimes that can be even more difficult, because there’s so many different possibilities of how you can approach things. You have to make decisions,” Lemire said. “Whereas if you’re working in continuity, there’s all the parameters, and the history can help dictate where you are.
“Teen Titans: Earth One (Vol. 1)” (credit: Courtesy of DC Comics).
Dodson brought his own excitement to Teen Titans: Earth One — from the artist’s point of view. As opposed to Lemire’s fandom for the legendary Teen Titans run of Perez and Wolfman, Dodson had a different influence: the “Teen Titans” and “Teen Titans Go!” animated series.
The cartoon series “simplified the characters down to just to their core essence. That was actually the biggest Titans influence on me,” Dodson told Comic Riffs. “If you think about it, more people have seen ‘Teen Titans Go!’ than have read the comic. You think about the millions of kids that have watched it everyday on TV, that’s a great way to connect with a lot of people outside of regular comics.”
Dodson, like Lemire, also enjoyed the creative freedom that came with DC’s Earth One format.
“We can use everything that has been established before, but we’re not subject to stick with it. If we like it, we keep it; if we don’t, we move on. There was no mandate to make everything [like] the regular DCU, so we had the freedom to do whatever,” Dodson said. “It was cool. We didn’t want it to be exactly the same, and some [Titans] were completely different. But as a fan of the characters myself, I still wanted it to be just enough of a hallmark there for those characters for the reader.”
“Earth One: Teen Titans (Vol. 1)” (courtesy of DC Comics).
 
With the latitude to build a new Titans universe however he wanted, Lemire says the hardest choice involved which Titans would make their debut in the first volume. He eventually decided on a roster of Cyborg, Beast Boy, Terra, Jericho, Raven and Starfire.
Notably missing are two big-name sidekicks: Robin the Boy Wonder and Kid Flash — two Titans with major superhero/Justice League connections (Batman/Flash). Lemire says it was difficult to leave such well-known Titans off the roster, but it worked best for the story, at least for the first volume.
“One of the big decisions I struggled with before I ever got to the writing stage was which characters to include and how to present them. You run into a problem if you use sidekick characters right away, like Robin or Kid Flash, in a … brand-new world to the readers. You also have to develop or introduce the adult counterparts as well,” Lemire explained. “Suddenly you’re dealing with not just introducing the Teen Titans, but you have to introduce the adult superheroes. too, so they have context. That’s a huge problem, and suddenly the first volume becomes about the adult characters and not the kids.
“My decision early on was just to use the unique characters that Marv and George created that weren’t sidekicks, and that freed me from having to establish the adult superheroes in this world.”
“Earth One: Teen Titans (Vol. 1)” (courtesy of DC Comics).
 
Lemire spreads his Titans tale between outer space, the Ramah Navajo reservation in New Mexico (where readers first meet Raven) and Monument, Ore. (where the remaining Titans go to high school together). Unbeknownst to the soon-to-be Titans — while they deal with everything that comes with being in high school — is a mysterious connection they have with Starfire, as Raven shares an unexplained spiritual link with them from afar.
Lemire says his decision to make Raven a Native American had more to do with keeping his Earth One story somewhat grounded in reality — or as much as one can in a superhero tale.
Lemire says the cultural diversity of his Titans’ Earth One story (including Raven’s roots, interracial dating, gay adoptive parents and single mothers) is not because of any efforts to stand out, but because that was just a function of writing comics in the 21st century.
“There was no agenda to put those things in. It sort of grew out of each character,” Lemire said. “I think it’s a reflection of where comics are at. The readership of comics is so much more diverse now then it was when I was reading Teen Titans back in the ’80s. I think the characters have to reflect that growing audience and the widening perspective that they bring.”
As for future volumes of the Earth One Titans with those aforementioned missing members? Lemire isn’t revealing much, but he does say that there are hints in the Titans’ first Earth One volume.
“There’s a big hint in the book at one point that’s about some other characters that we included,” said Lemire, adding: “It’s open to interpretation at this point as to who they may be.”
 

NSE futures signal shares may fall for a fourthday‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
Continuing its falling streak for the fourth straight day, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by nearly 87 points in early trade today on sustained selling by funds and investors amid weak global cues.
The 30-share barometer, which lost 765.81 points in the previous three sessions, fell by 86.98 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 27,710.03 in early trade.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty declined by 9 points, or 0.11 per cent, to 8,331.70.
Brokers said apart from weak global cues following tougher Chinese rules on lending and political instability in Greece, capital outflows by foreign funds and selling by retail investors dampened trading sentiment here.
Stocks of FMCG, auto, consumer durables, capital goods and oil & gas sectors were leading the fall.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.18 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei moved down by 1.07 per cent in early trade.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.29 per cent lower in yesterday’s trade.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Fast Asia Open  What follows the Shanghai ScareAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Kashmiris brave cold weather to cast vote in phase 3 of polling in J-Kpicture others
Kashmiris brave cold weather to cast vote in phase 3 of polling in J-K
The phase three polling began in Jammu and Kashmir amid high security. Polling took place in the Valley in the backdrop of recent militant attacks. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Braving cold weather, nearly 12 per cent of the electorate today exercised their franchise in the first two hours of voting in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
About 13 lakh voters cast their votes across Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts of the state. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Kashmiris stand in queue to cast their votes outside a polling station in Beerwah Budgam district. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
In Beerwah, Omar Abdullah was up against the Congress’s Nazir Ahmad Khan and the PDP’s sitting legislator Dr Mohammad Shafi. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The voting continued amidst high security. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Kashmiri women stand in a queue to cast their votes in Charar Sharief, south west of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A CRPF person stands guard as Kashmiri villagers stand in a queue to cast their votes in Chadoora, south west of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Jammu & Kashmir recorded 58% voter turnout. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Related

http://usat.ly/1yHyjOqFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet
As Ferrari's go, it's hard to get much more exclusive than the Sergio. Only six of the these Pininfarina-designed beauties will be made, Ferrari says.  The first one arrived in the United Arab Emirates, a
Post to Facebook
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet As Ferrari's go, it's hard to get much more exclusive than the Sergio. Only six of the these Pininfarina-designed beauties will be made, Ferrari says.  The first one arrived in the United Arab Emirates, a Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8gIgP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:12 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Ferrari just delivered its first Sergio to a customer in the  United Arab Emirates 
(Photo: Ferrari)
Ferrari goes with a two tone look on the Sergio 
(Photo: Ferrari)
The round tail lights on the Ferrari Sergio pay homage to its heritage 
(Photo: Ferrari)
The interior of the Ferrari Sergio is done in alcantera and leather 
(Photo: Ferrari)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Australia Reverses Course on Climate Change FundAustralia Reverses Course on Climate Change Fund
Can win climate change fight if we dont try to profit from disasters:JavadekarWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 10, 2014 8:15 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:53 am
Citing successful global collaborations in the past to overcome a few of the most intractable problems faced by mankind, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar today said countries can win the fight against climate change as well if they refrain from trying to “profit from disasters”.
Speaking at the high-level ministerial segment of the climate change in Lima, Javadekar said he strongly believed the CoP-20 (Conference of Parties to UNFCCC) was the ‘CoP of Hope’.
“There are practical examples of how in the past we have managed to secure successful global cooperation to solve global problems. Joint collaborative research without IPR price-tag ensured ‘Green Revolution’ through hybrids, helped in making available drugs against HIV/AIDS and for finding the ‘God particle’. Why can’t this spirit of joint collaboration be summoned to address climate change? Why do we want to profit from disasters?” Javadekar said.
During his speech, Javadekar listed the steps India had been taking to fight climate change and also reiterated India’s position on the important issues being negotiated for the climate agreement that is expected to be finalized in the next year’s conference in Paris.He spoke about the five-fold increase in the targets of the National Solar Mission, which is being upscaled to produced 100,000 MW of electricity by 2020, the doubling the clean energy cess on production of coal from 5 per cent to 10 per cent, and the nearly six billion dollars in Compensatory Afforestation Fund that will be used for increasing green cover and create bigger carbon sinks. He also talked about the tightening of pollution standards of
He spoke about the five-fold increase in the targets of the National Solar Mission, which is being upscaled to produced 100,000 MW of electricity by 2020, the doubling the clean energy cess on production of coal from 5 per cent to 10 per cent, and the nearly six billion dollars in Compensatory Afforestation Fund that will be used for increasing green cover and create bigger carbon sinks. He also talked about the tightening of pollution standards of cement industry, and creation of 100 ‘smart’ cities, and referred to the Ganga cleaning project as well.
“Our Action Plan for cleaning one of the longest rivers in the world, River Ganga will bring multiple benefits of pollution reduction and climate adaptation,” he said.
In an apparent response to the argument of the developed countries that the world had changed in the last two decades and hence the burden for climate action should be shared by every country, not just the rich world, Javadekar said there still was widespread poverty and the developing countries needed carbon space to provide basic amenities to them.
“While there is often a talk about changed reality, one in every seven persons in the world today still lives in abject poverty. continued…

Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on December 10Dec 10, 2014, 09.26 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on December 10
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on December 10 - HPCL, Eicher Motor, Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, Spicejet, PFC, REC, HOEC, JSW Steel and SKS Micro.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on December 10
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on December 10 - HPCL, Eicher Motor, Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, Spicejet, PFC, REC, HOEC, JSW Steel and SKS Micro.
Post your opinion here

RIL edges lower after signing JV agreement in textiles with RuyiRIL edges lower after signing JV agreement in textiles with Ruyi
Case Study: Why Great Marketers must be Great SkepticsCase Study: Why Great Marketers must be Great Skeptics
Congress reaches deal for $1.1 trn US spending billCongress reaches deal for $1.1 trn US spending bill
Markets turn choppy; Tata Motors  ITC top losersMarkets turn choppy; Tata Motors  ITC top losers
Lima climate talks: India says it does not support ex-ante review of INDCsLima climate talks: India says it does not support ex-ante review of INDCs
Nifty Generates Sell SignalNifty Generates Sell Signal
Sensex rebounds into positive levelSensex rebounds into positive level
Rajnath Singh Calls for Nation-Wide Ban on E-TaxisRajnath Singh Calls for Nation-Wide Ban on E-Taxis
Ten stocks in focus in Wednesday morning tradeTen stocks in focus in Wednesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 3, 2014, 08.18AM IST
Tags:
JSW Energy
(Indian markets are expected…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade higher on Wednesday tracking positive trend seen in other Asian markets.
"Though the overall bias is still on the positive side but we are witnessing some early signs of exhaustion in the Nifty index," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"In such situation, it's always recommended to book partial profit and keep trailing stop losses with every rise. Also, shift your focus to stock specific bets but strictly avoid overleveraging," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
JSW Steel Ltd: India's JSW Steel Ltd said on Tuesday it has "put on hold" building a steel plant in eastern India due to uncertainty in sourcing key raw materials such as iron ore and coal.
United Bank of India: In fresh trouble for liquor baron Vijay Mallya, United Bank of India has identified United Breweries Holdings, the guarantor of grounded airline Kingfisher, as wilful defaulter.
Omaxe Ltd: Realty firm Omaxe said its board has approved the company's proposal to raise up to Rs 500 crore through issue of debt securities.
Jet Airways: Leading stock exchange BSE today revised the permissible daily trading limit for shares of Jet Airways and 19 other companies, as part of a surveillance action.
Tata Motors Ltd: British auto firm Jaguar Land Rover said it has started building its first fully-owned factory outside the United Kingdom in the Brazilian town of Itatiaia, near Rio de Janeiro.
MRF Ltd: Tyre major MRF Ltd has proposed to increase capacity at its eight manufacturing facilities across the country as part of its capital expenditure plan.
JSW Energy & Jaiprakash Associates: Barely weeks after buying out two hydro power projects of JP Power for Rs 9700 crores, Sajjan Jindal is closing in to strike yet another large deal with Manoj Gaur's power company and this time it is for its coal-based power assets.
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: Awaiting a long-pending approval for its merger with Sun Pharmaceutical , drug maker Ranbaxy today said it is in talks with fair trade watchdog CCI with regard to "certain products".
Sahara Group companies: The Supreme Court allowed the Sahara group on Tuesday to sell a property in Choma village near Gurgaon at a price 15 per cent lower than the value estimated earlier, said media reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How India s Best CEOs balance work and lifeThere is work, and there is life. India's best CEOs share their mantras for work-life balance.
N Chandrasekaran, TCS
N Chandrasekaran, TCS
An avid runner, he sports a Polar Watch to track his fitness. "I get to know how many km I run, my heart rate and what rate I am comfortable with," he says. He is also known for his gadget craze. "When a new gadget is launched, I buy it within 24 hours. From Apple, Samsung, Motorola, every new device that comes, I buy it."
Harsh Mariwala, Marico
Harsh Mariwala, Marico
He exits office at sharp 5:30 pm. and heads for the gym. Even while travelling, the 63-year-old never misses a workout. There is no airport gym in the world where he hasn't worked out. "He didn't find a gym at the Johannesburg airport, so he walked up and down the terminal for an hour," says Vijay Subramaniam, ex-CEO of Marico's international business division.
Glenn Saldanha, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals
Glenn Saldanha, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals
A sports enthusiast, he makes time for a game of badminton every evening. His daughter, Rayna, is a junior national champion in swimming. Six months ago. he launched Glenmark Aquatic Foundation to spot and nurture talented swimmers. The larger objective is to help India win an Olympic medal in swimming by 2020.
Ramesh Iyer, Mahindra Finance
Ramesh Iyer, Mahindra Finance
His childhood passion for music has stayed with him. "I have a guru who teaches the right way of singing bhajans. It gives me a lot of energy," says Iyer, who loves songs of Mukesh and Manna Dey, among others. His car is full of music CDs. "My driver is either a beneficiary or a victim of my singing," quips Iyer.
Arun Kumar, Strides Arcolab and Kapil Mehan, Coromandel International
Arun Kumar, Strides Arcolab and Kapil Mehan, Coromandel International
Both of them revel in their culinary skills. While Mehan can cook a wholesome Punjabi meal, Kumar loves to experiment in the kitchen. For Mehan, wife Anu gives a testimonial. "Whenever he finds time or when children talk of a new recipe, he tries it out," she says. Kumar's interest, however, is not limited to cooking as his friends often talk about the good collection of paintings he has.
GV Prasad, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories
GV Prasad, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories
During his leisure time, when he is not engrossed in a book, Prasad leaves for the woods with his camera. In May 2013, he held an exhibition of the pictures he and his friend had shot in Botswana, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.
Bhadresh Shah, AIA Engineering
Bhadresh Shah, AIA Engineering
His cell phone goes to DND mode after 4:30 pm. So no wonder he plays golf four times a week. "I also play bridge. I travel four to five times a year and read a lot of history and philosophy. I admire Napoleon and read a lot about him," he says.
Keki Mistry, HDFC
Keki Mistry, HDFC
He turned towards fitness when his hefty frame started troubling his weak left knee. In Mumbai, Mistry uses a stationary cycle at least once or twice a day. "I am lucky I am never hungry," he says.
GM Rao, GMR Group
GM Rao, GMR Group
He practises yoga and meditation for two hours every day. "I watch Telugu movies with my grand kids. Wherever I am, I make it a point to fly back to Bangalore to spend the weekend with the family," he says.
(Contributions by: Ajita Shashidhar, Anand Adhikari, Venkatesha Babu, E Kumar Sharma)

Modi govt may revise power contracts to cut tariffsGovernment may revise deal between generation and distribution firms to cut electricity tariffs
By Sarita Singh , ET Bureau | 8 Dec, 2014, 06.50AM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Centre is likely to revise power contracts between generation and distribution firms to lower electricity tariffs from plants that will run on coal from captive blocks. The coal ministry is meanwhile expected to approach the Union Cabinet this week for finalising the methodology for fixing the minimum floor and reserve prices for coal blocks, a senior government official said.
The government is likely to empower the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission , to open the legally binding power purchase agreements (PPAs) to revise the fuel cost when a firm gets a coal block under the new method of allotment, the official said. However, the government is not likely to allow any hike in the tariffs quoted in the contracts.
"The government is exploring ways to pass on benefits of low coal cost to consumers. The government can revise the tariffs downwards under the change of law provision in the PPAs," the official said. Private power firms said the cut in tariffs will have to be carefully examined and its feasibility will vary case by case. After the allocation of coal blocks, the government is likely to review power contracts signed on the basis of tariff-based competitive bidding.
Coal Min Valuing Blocks
The government will ensure there is no escalation in power tariffs agreed to in the earlier contracts, including those that allow fuel cost pass-through, the official said. The government is also likely to fix a minimum floor price of Rs 100 per tonne for every coal block to be auctioned to steel, cement and captive power plants, while there will be an equivalent flat price for all blocks awarded to power and government companies.
Coal miners are also likely to be allowed to sell a fifth of electricity from attached plants in the open market, the government official said. However, power companies will have to pay a minimum of Rs 150 per tonne of coal used in generating the electricity for open market. The coal ministry is valuing each block to be auctioned to steel and cement sectors.
The value will be spread over the expected lifetime of the mine to derive it in terms of rupees per tonne. The ministry is likely to fix 10% of that value as the minimum floor price for auction to cement and steel companies. "The floor price for any block cannot be less than Rs 100 per tonne, while power and public sector enterprises are expected to be asked to pay a flat Rs 100 per tonne as reserve price.
Floor and reserve prices can escalate each year as per a pre-determined inflationlinked formula," the official said. The government is likely to use the reverse auction method to award captive coal blocks to private power producers in cases where tariffs cannot be changed. These companies include those that have power purchase agreements with utilities and entities that set up power plants through tariff-based bidding. In reverse auctions, the authority sets a ceiling price and bidders have to bid lower than that.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Coal auction not to increase power tariffCoal auction not to increase power tariff?
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 22:37 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 22:56 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
The upcoming auctions and allotment of coal mines are unlikely to send retail power tariff up, going by the changes in proposed guidelines suggested by the ministry of power and an inter-ministerial committee (IMC).
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs is expected to examine the final recommendations soon. Before that, the coal ministry will deliberate on the inputs received from the ministry of steel, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, department of economic affairs, and department of legal affairs in law ministry.
“A fixed reserve price of  Rs 100 per tonne of coal shall be payable, as per actual production by the successful allotee. The statutory royalty payable on coal will continue to be governed as per extant rules. This would ensure there is no adverse impact on power tariff,” according to a document for the proposed Cabinet draft note.
The IMC was set up to examine the fixing of floor price and reserve price of coal blocks and other coal mining and operations, including production.
In addition, the power ministry has suggested that up to 20% of power may be sold on commercial rates, for which an additional cost may be paid by the bidder.
The coal ministry in its note has stated that the proposal will streamline the procedure of auction and allotment of coal mines or blocks in a manner that will benefit the economy as a whole. It will also promote optimum utilisation of coal resources in line with the country’s requirements.
The proposals for the draft have suggested allotment of coal blocks through neutral transparent process.
“It should have minimum impact on end consumers’ retail tariff and limited impact on projects affected by de-allocation,” the proposed note says.
Further, the power ministry wants a level-playing field for the potential bidders as well as less regulatory or legal procedures.
The proposal has been drawn up by the coal ministry to prepare the draft Cabinet note, as provided in the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 and on the basis of recommendations of the IMC.

SpiceJet cancels 1 861 flights across the countrySpiceJet cancels 1,861 flights across the country
PTI  New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 21:50 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:42 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
Cash-strapped SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
SpiceJet is staring at a financial collapse after its efforts to find an investor failed. It needs an immediate infusion of about Rs. 2,000 crore to survive.
The air carrier, which is part of Kalanithi Maran-led Sun Group, has cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31, SpiceJet said in an update on its website. These included 81 flights scheduled for Monday as well.
The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show-cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by Tuesday of more than one month in advance. Besides, Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs. 200 crore.
While the regulatory actions might not immediately impact the airline's licence, it could force "a series of actions". Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Shares of SpiceJet, which tumbled 13% in early trade on Monday amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations, closed with a loss of 4.39% at Rs. 15.25 apiece. Union civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Experts said that SpiceJet needs to act fast to avoid problems like Kingfisher, which had to be grounded amid growing financial burden. SpiceJet reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs. 310 crore.

Uber  Ola  TaxiForSure banned in Delhi until they get licenceYou are here: Home > Collections
Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure banned in Delhi until they get licence; Other states may follow suit
Harsimran Julka & Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Uber services operated…)
NEW DELHI: Online taxi-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating its services in Delhi and looks set to face speedbumps in other Indian cities, dealing a crippling blow to its ambitions in the country after its reputation for passenger safety was left shattered by revelations that the driver accused of raping a passenger was a serial offender.
Late on Monday, the Delhi Transport Department issued a public notice saying only Mega Cabs, Meru Cabs, Easy Cabs, Chanson, Yo Cabs and Air Cabs were licensed to operate radio taxis and all other taxi services are illegal till licensed. This would mean other Ubertype app-based taxi services such as OlaCabs and TaxiForSure also stand banned from operating in the national capital region.
Authorities in Delhi on Monday banned Uber's services in the city with immediate effect and also blacklisted the San Franciscobased company's services after it emerged the driver accused in the rape case, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav , had been jailed for rape in 2011, something that Uber's driver checks missed.
However, despite the ban, Uber services operated as normal on Delhi streets on Monday evening, with drivers taking bookings on the company's mobile app. To add to Uber's misery, home ministry officials said the Centre would soon write to other states to ban the company's services in the 10 cities it presently operates in if it is found violating the Motor Vehicle Rules of 1988, as they said it was in Delhi.
Driver was Jailed in 2011 for Similar Offence
The Delhi ban came on a day Uber was banned from offering its services in the Netherlands or risk paying a fine of 10,000 euros (Rs 7.59 lakh) per violation. A senior Uber official told ET that the company hadn't received any communication about a ban and would contest it in court. Uber's Asia chief Eric Alexander said the company was willing to compensate the woman, set up a call centre to allay safety concerns and even willing to be governed by a regulatory and licensing regime.
"India is a very important market for us," he said, adding that the company would hire third-party agencies to help it with the police verification of its drivers. As the most highly valued US technology startup whose valuation famously more than doubled in just six months to $40 billion battled its worst crisis in India and a global PR disaster, authorities too were left red-faced as it emerged that it was not the company alone that failed to catch Yadav's spotty record.
The Delhi Transport Department, in its notice banning Uber, conceded that it had issued an All-India Tourist Permit to Yadav's taxi on May 28 after "due verification of character and antecedents of the permit holder". In further embarrassment, Uber officials during police questioning produced a so-called 'character certificate' about Yadav that was purportedly issued by the police and which the driver had submitted to the company before enrolling on its network.
However, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi said the certificate was fake and forgery charges had been added against the accused. Yadav, who was produced in court on Monday which remanded him to three days custody, had spent seven months in jail in 2011 for a similar offence of raping a woman passenger. He was later acquitted of the charge.
The latest episode, in which a 26-year-old MNC executive was allegedly raped on her way back home by the driver, has once again served to highlight the issue of women's safety in India and threatens to snowball into a major issue in Delhi ahead of the assembly elections. There were protests outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence on Monday morning and the case found its way into parliamentary discussions.
The home ministry has now asked the Delhi government to explain how the permit was issued to Yadav. Singh is expected to make a detailed statement in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Uber, whose business practices have in the past earned it the ire of many, said it would "work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs".
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery," CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement as three of his officials in India were grilled by police.
The police, sharply criticised after the 2012 Nirbhaya rape episode and under pressure after this latest incident, is considering pressing criminal negligence charges against the company. India is a key market for the five-year-old company and has been the theatre for one of its biggest expansion of services. The company has been adding cities and has some 10,000 drivers on its network, offering services ranging from the premium Uber Black offering to the cut-price Uber Go.

Ban on Uber leaves 2 000 drivers at crossroadsYou are here: Home > Collections
Ban on Uber leaves 2,000 drivers at crossroads
Harsimran Julka, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 05.18AM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Several drivers who worked…)
NEW DELHI: With the Delhi government's ban on Uber in the capital, uncertainty has hit about 2,000 drivers, who registered with the taxi aggregator including those bought cars under new-age cab companies' programme of turning drivers into entrepreneurs.
Several drivers who worked for Uber said they would be stranded to payback the loans they had taken to buy cars such as the Swift Dzire and Toyota Innova. Uber partnered with lenders like Shriram Finance , AU Financiers and Toyota Financial Services to create vehicle financing programmes with down payments as low as Rs 60,000 and faster turn-around time for drivers, as it competed with other cab services to sign-up drivers in the Indian market.
Almost all the vehicles were bought by drivers or aggregators on finance schemes, said a Uber driver, requesting anonymity. At least two Uber taxi drivers ET plied with have recently bought cars on loans from private financers. "I used to earn about Rs 3,500 a day by ferrying Uber customers, a week before. On Sunday, I did a business of just Rs 700," said Vishnu Kumar , a cab driver with Uber for the past two months and whose car is so new that it still has seats covered with polythene.
"I pay an EMI of Rs 17,500 and am wondering how I will manage that and support my family," said Kumar, who financed his vehicle with a loan from Mahindra Finance. Meanwhile, Uber started clearing pending payments and sending out SMSes to drivers in Delhi saying the company won't be shutting down. "Don't take any missteps with rumours floating around.
We need to give each other a helping hand," Uber Delhi told its drivers in a blast SMS. There are about 10,000 drivers who ply with Uber in cities such as Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata , Hyderabad and Kochi and a nationwide ban, as mulled by the Ministry of Home Affairs, will impact their livelihood. Another Uber driver told ET they will have no option but to attach themselves back with private taxi stands and be left at the mercy of other private operators.
"With Uber, we used to get bookings within five minutes of opening the app. Our dreams to become entrepreneurs seem shattered," said Nirmal Singh, a UberX driver for the past one year. Drivers who financed vehicles like Toyota Innova for use under the premium Uber Black service will be hit the hardest because the price of the vehicle is higher.
"Uber was plying diesel vehicles as city taxis in Delhi, which is not allowed. This was another violation the US company will have to answer," said a member of the Radio Taxi Association of India , requesting anonymity. Only CNGpowered vehicles are allowed to operate as city taxis in the capital.
Due to shortage of drivers holding a public service badge to operate city taxies, these companies went ahead with registering tourist cabs, said Jaspal Singh, cofounder of Valoriser Consultants. "Not getting regulated has made Uber fall into an unlimited liability zone," Singh said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi invokes Atal Bihari Vajpayee in SrinagarPM Modi invokes Atal Bihari, talks about development and peace in Srinagar
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Atal Bihari Vajpayee
(Modi emphasized that…)
Srinagar: He came to the Valley wearing a traditional pheran and said he was there to take forward former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's dream of "Kashmiriyat, insaaniyat (humanity) and jamhooriyat (democracy). The modest crowd that assembled at the venue to see and hear PM Narendra Modi amid heavy security didn't seemed altogether convinced after a 30-minute speech that skipped standard fare such as Article 370 and Pakistan.
"Vajpayee-ji made a great beginning," Modi told the crowd assembled at the flood-ravaged Sher-e-Kashmir stadium. "I am duty bound to realize that dream and move ahead within the ambit of insaaniyat, Kashmiriyat and jamhooriyat," he said.
Modi emphasized that the BJP is in the Valley with the promise of shifting the debate to development from issues that had traditionally held the state back. "21st century Kashmir deserves better," he said, adding that it's time to get rid of the father-son (a reference to Farooq and Omar Abdullah of the National Conference) and father-daughter (PDP's Mufti Sayeed and Mehbooba Mufti ) school of politics.
In a departure from the usual belligerence of the BJP when it comes to the Kashmir Valley, Modi pointed out that after two youth were killed by mistake by the soldiers, it was on his orders that the army initiated a commission and the case was investigated. "This is what the Modi sarkar does and nothing of this sort has happened in the last 30 years," he said. "Give me a chance to serve you; I will deliver justice to you," was the pitch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mixed response to PM Modi s rally in Kashmir amid lockdown ordersYou are here: Home > Collections > Army
Mixed response to PM Narendra Modi's rally in Kashmir amid lockdown orders
Rakesh Bedi, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Army
(As the tension was building…)
A surreal scene was unfolding at the three entrances of the Shere-Kashmir cricket stadium where Prime Minister Narendra Modi had landed with a big entourage and was beginning to get into his speech.
Kashmiris, in their dishevelled pherans, started leaving the venue immediately as Modi began to passionately talk about his great love for the land of Kashmir. Modi, himself wearing an immaculate pheran to make a political statement, was completely oblivious to the restive army of pherans that was clamouring to get outside.
Initially, the policemen, under strict orders from their handlers inside, refused to allow anyone to leave the venue. The massed obstreperous crowd, scampering from entrance to concertina-wire-barred entrance, was turning recalcitrant and started hooting and shouting.
As the tension was building up, the security personnel, apprehending trouble, allowed the army of pherans to leave the venue from the middle entrance. Outside, the Kashmiris, watched alertly by hundreds of fully equipped para forces, left in groups for their homes. The army of pherans marching in unison even as the prime minister, nattily turned out in the local dress, was telling them how the Kashmiris were close to his heart.
Getting to the stadium itself was a difficult task with many thick layers of security making sure there wasn't a scope for trouble. The securitymen spent more than 3-4 minutes frisking each person, asking the Kashmiris to lift their pherans repeatedly.
In the biting cold, the entire exercise took on a different, ominous tone. Amid denuded chinar trees and an insipid sun that regularly played hide and seek with the clouds, the monotonous lifting of pherans must have increased the Kashmiri despair. Perhaps enamoured of Modi and his grand talk of development, perhaps wanting to get a glimpse of the prime minister, the rally-bound Kashmiris took everything in their stride and came to register their presence at the event.
Despite the intrepid army of pherans, which had been ritually lifted, despite the presence of many local Muslim leaders, despite a tremendous buildup, despite the media hype, despite everything, not many turned out at the rally. Modi grandly told the audience he was elated to see large numbers, but his please-all euphoria was in stunning contrast to the many empty plastic seats that spoke eloquently of Kashmir's immense emptiness.
"People had waited for three hours for Modi to arrive. Kashmiris are impatient by nature, and rightfully so. We have seen a lot of turmoil. Perhaps some people who had come all the way from Anantnag and Kupwara couldn't follow the language," said a patient Anees Mir, a commerce teacher who had travelled from Balhama, 20 kilometres from the state capital.
Some were hesitantly willing to give the prime minister a chance, simply because they were tired of the dynasties that have run the valley to the ground. Haji Sheikh Mehboob Ali, a snack-shop owner on Residency Road, believes Kashmiris will not be easily impressed by Modi's high-voltage campaign. But the local politicians and their rotten dynasty politics can prompt him to consider joining the BJP.
As Modi spoke of the pain of the valley, two hawks, one after another, swooped down and winger their way to the raised platform, where Modi and his team were perched safely protected by gun-wielding SPG commandos who looked almost hawk-like in their intense concentration. The raptors, perhaps sensing the dovish mood prevailing in the stadium, just changed their flight path and vanished into the naked chinars behind.
The streets of Kashmir had been eerily empty since morning. It was not the bone-numbing cold that forced people to stay indoors; it was an edict by the security establishment that shut almost the entire city down and kept its people in their houses.
There was utter confusion about the diktat; it made the whole thing Kafkaesque because no one seemed to know on whose orders it was issued. Some Kashmiris said it was hartal triggered closure to protest against the Prime Minister's visit; some made it more messy by pointing to the ubiquitous cops and blaming them for the city's shutdown.
 
Outside, in the faraway stadium, the political temperature was rising, while many Kashmiris clung to their kangris as the celsius kept hovering around zero. Looking like cuddly eskimos with their helmets and muffler wrapped faces, CRPF constables stood in the intense cold protecting the streets of Srinagar from any impromptu protest.
Some Kashmiris braved the curfewlike atmosphere and walked urgently and briskly in groups of twos or threes to their important destinations. Giving them company were unruly groups of furry and feral dogs, who obviously had no restrictions on forming groups and taking to the road.

J&K s flood relief demand to be referred to a committee: RijijuFlood relief
("Let me inform the House…)
NEW DELHI: The Jammu and Kashmir government's demand for a Rs 42000 crore package to deal with the situation created by the recent floods will be referred to an appropriate committee which deals with such issues, government told the Lok Sabha today.
"Some Members stated that the total special package asked by the state of Jammu and Kashmir is Rs 1 lakh crore. It is not the case. The state government has proposed a total fund of Rs 42,033.45 crore. As I said, this matter will be placed before the committee when all the reports are ready," Minister of state for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju informed the Lok Sabha.
He was replying to a debate in the Lower House on natural calamities in various parts of the country with special reference to rains and floods in Jammu and Kashmir, cyclone in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha and drought in Maharashtra.
"Let me inform the House again that it is not the effort of just the state government or the central government, it is the combined effort," Rijiju said.
He said never before in the history of independent India has the country witnessed a relief operation as it was done during recent floods in Jammu and Kashmir.
Rijiju said the efforts made by the Narendra Modi government to provide relief to the people hit by the devastating situation in the hill state was praised by many including state Chief Minister.
"More than 30,000 personnel of Army, Air Force, Navy, National Disaster Response Force, along with all the Central Reserve Forces which are under the Home Ministry were pressed into action. Never before such a relief operation was conducted in the history of India. This is by far the biggest such operation ever conducted," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wipro  Infosys outpacing each other to meet demandsYou are here: Home > Collections
Wipro, Infosys outpacing each other to meet demands in unfavourable global environment
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.13AM IST
(Infosys even conceded…)
BENGALURU: Battling to regain lost glory, Wipro and Infosys are stepping up their age-old rivalry, this time to out-innovate each other as the two Bengaluru-based software exporters invest in disruptive technologies pegged to artificial intelligence and design thinking to bring greater efficiencies for themselves and their customers.
Infosys Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, at an analyst event in Pune on Thursday, said some of his company's rivals were imitating it and went as far as labeling their moves proverbially as "imitation is the best form of flattery". While he did not name any rival, for veteran watchers of Bengaluru's software scene, the company he was referring to was clear: cross-town rival Wipro, which, on its part, claims to be investing "heavily" since 2012 in building data analytics and other next-generation platforms to help customers in the retail and healthcare space to improve their businesses.
In the past few years, both Infosys and Wipro have lost quite a bit of their sheen as they struggled to adjust with changing customer demand in an uncertain global business environment, leaving Mumbai-based bigger rival Tata Consultancy Services record phenomenal numbers since 2011. The original posterboys of India's IT sector are trying cover the ground lost - by investing in technologies that can shake up the industry by disrupting the existing order and processes that are customer-focused - and their initiatives pit them against each other more than ever in the past.
The unfazed response of Wipro to Sikka's comments was a testimony to the increased rivalry between the two. "I can say that we have a competitive edge," said Satishchandra Doreswamy, chief business operations officer at Wipro. "We have been investing heavily in building the next-generation platforms for over two years with a focus on AAA (automation, artificial intelligence and analytics).
Platforms such as ServiceNXT, CloudCLM have started delivering value for some of key clients," said Doreswamy, who was hired by Chairman Azim Premji three years ago to help transform Wipro by bringing in some of these advanced technologies. Although Doreswamy declined to quantify the impact of these disruptive technologies in Wipro's growth, he said the range of productivity improvement differed from client to client. The former TCS veteran also said Wipro had over the last 24 months seen a "20-30% efficiency improvement" in the application development, maintenance and infrastructure management space.
Sikka, ever since he took the role of the first non-founder CEO at Infosys on August 1, has outlined a strategy of "building a new Infosys" by making fresh investments in bringing machineto-machine and automation platforms to the company's traditional approach of delivering outsourcing services to customers. Sikka, who earlier this week completed four months at the company, said in Thursday's analyst meet that he would share more details of what it was doing in this area in April next year.
For now, Infosys is training its software engineers on design thinking - a creative and systematic approach to problem-solving by placing the user at the centre of the experience - and is also in the process of launching an online training module on artificial intelligence for its employees. Doreswamy said Wipro has already brought in the customercentric approach and its overall net promoter score - a tool to gauge customer loyalty - has improved 30 percentage points.
 
Some experts, including Tom Reuner of London-based IT research firm Ovum said some of the next-generation service-delivery methods are still in nascent state and IT outsourcers are coy to talk in public as the full impact is still not fully understood. "(Nonetheless) Indian providers are at the forefront of this development as part of their push on nonlinear models," said Reuner.
"Providers like TCS or Wipro have invested significantly in proprietary tools. The key to a broader adoption of robotic process is to build out robust cognitive engines (RPA) and artificial intelligence. These will be the conduit to moving RPA to the core of service delivery backbones." Doreswamy said the immediate target for the company remains to adopt these disruptive technologies for at least 50% of customers. He declined to share further details.
Both companies are also looking to engage with startups to get access to new technologies. Wipro, after making minority investments last year in data analytics firm Opera Solutions and machine-to-machine learning-focused Axeda - although it exited Axeda this year - is setting up a corporate venture arm to be spearheaded by Rishad Premji that will initially invest up to $100 million (Rs 619 crore) in startups. Infosys too has set aside $100 million and is actively scouting the San Francisco Bay Area to find potential startups which could help the company with the missing innovation strand.

Infosys founders sell shares worth Rs 6 484 croreYou are here: Home > Collections
Infosys founders sell shares worth Rs 6,484 crore
ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 03.40AM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(N R Narayana Murthy and Nandan…)
BENGALURU | MUMBAI: Four of the seven co-founders of Infosys, including former chairman NR Narayana Murthy, together sold about 33 million shares, or 2.8% of the software company, for Rs 6,500 crore on Monday to mainly raise money for philanthropic activities, their actions marking a new milestone in the one-time IT bellwether's storied history.
As Infosys shares fell 4.75% to end the day at Rs 1,972 because of a sudden rise in supply of its equity, the founders said they were looking to plough back the money in philanthropic initiatives championed by them, including possibly setting up a joint philanthropic venture. Murthy, who ended his second innings at the company earlier this year, said the founders could come together to form a philanthropic venture although there were no plans for that at this point.
"But in the past, like in the case of Infosys Foundation and several other activities, we have participated together. It's always a pleasure to work with these wonderful colleagues," said Murthy, who together with wife Sudha and daughter Akshata sold about 12 million shares, or 23.3% of his family's holding.
Deutsche was Sole Book-Runner to Infy Share Sale
Murthy was the prime mover in the creation in 1981 of Infosys, a company that helped put India on the global software map. Other founders who sold part of their holdings on Monday included Nandan Nilekani and wife Rohini, and the family members of SD Shibulal and K Dinesh. The Nilekani family sold 12 million shares while the families of K Dinesh and SD Shibulal sold 6.2 million shares and 2.4 million shares, respectively. After this sale, the combined holdings of the four promoters now stands at 2.84%.
Deutsche Bank was the sole book-runner for the share sale, which saw about 80% of the demand come from foreign institutional investors and the rest from domestic investors. Asked about the reason for paring down his family's stake, Nilekani said the sale was for "personal reasons" and to "continue our philanthropic efforts".
"Even after this sale, our family continues to be one of the largest retail shareholders. We have great confidence in the future of Infosys and its leadership team," he told ET. Infosys is now being run by Vishal Sikka, who is the first non-founder to hold the reins of CEO and MD. None of its founders has any role whatsoever in the company.
Murthy, when asked about the reasons for the sale at this point, said he was looking at "various interesting opportunities and ideas to add value to the country", but he declined to share details saying it was premature to comment at this point. Analysts expect some of the sale proceeds of Rs 1,387 crore to be pumped into his family's investment firm, Catamaran Ventures. Catamaran is an early-stage venture capital firm and also has a partnership forged with global ecommerce company Amazon. Analysts saw nothing of concern in the share sale of such a magnitude, which in normal instances can be represented as vote of confidence in a company's prospects.
  "A share sale by them (the co-founders) should not be looked at as a negative as they are not financial investors," said a Mumbaibased analyst at a foreign brokerage. Infosys CEO Sikka complimented the founders. "As I have always said, the founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives.
In fact, contributing to the greater good is something close to the company's heart, I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area, and so in that sense again this action by them is aligned with the company's values." All the four Infosys co-founders who sold their shares on Monday support several social causes.
Murthy's wife Sudha heads the Infosys Foundation, which is backed by Infosys. Nilekani is already back in his garage incubating new ideas, and is backing two projects — one to help school children at the primary level to develop reading and writing skills using tablets, and the other an intelligent software application that revives his old government technology organisation eGovernments Foundation. Nilekani's wife Rohini runs the Bengaluru-based not-for-profit organisation Arghyam, which works in the area of water and sanitation.
Although Shibulal could not be contacted, a person close to him said some money raised from this share sale could be deployed in Sarojini Damodaran Foundation and Advaith Foundation, two organisations that the former CEO runs with his wife and are involved in promoting primary education and healthcare. Dinesh, since his retirement from Infosys in 2011, has been donating from his private wealth to improve primary education in the area of healthcare.
This share sale by the co-founders of Infosys comes nearly two months after they expressed a desire to be considered as just "investors" and not "promoters". After this share sale, Murthy and his wife now hold 0.034% and 0.488%, respectively, while their daughter Akshata Murthy holds 0.521%. Nilekani and his wife have 0.52% equity in Infosys while Dinesh's family holding stands at 0.538%.
Shibulal retains a 0.43% holding while his wife Kumari Shibulal pared her holdings in the latest sale to 0.21%. The block deal was one of the largest such sales seen on the stock exchanges in recent years and was achieved at a 3.93% discount to Friday's closing price. "Given the size of the deal, a tight discount of 3.93% from the last close price was a very good outcome.
In spite of limited time window available, we got good response from institutional investors including domestic investors," said Sanjay Sharma, Deutsche Bank's managing director for equity capital markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vishal Sikka reacts to block deal by Infosys foundersYou are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurship
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka reacts to block deal by founders
Chandra R Srikanth, ET Now Dec 8, 2014, 10.04PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Sikka's statement comes…)
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said he respects the company's founders decision to sell shares to contribute towards philanthropic and entrepreneurship initiatives and that this is in line with the company's values of contributing towards the greater good.
Sikka's statement comes on a day when four of Infosys founders sold shares worth over a billion dollars in a block deal, as a result of which the shares fell by over 4 percent.
In an email response to ET NOW on the share sale, Sikka stated, "They continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and reinforced their belief in and support of its leadership."
Sikka, the first non-founder CEO of Infosys, further said, "As I have always said, the Founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives"
He added, "In fact contributing to the greater good is something close to the company's heart, I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area, and so in that sense again this action by them is aligned with the company's values."
The four founders who sold a part of their holding include NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani , K Dinesh and Kumari Shibulal, wife of SD Shibulal. Together, they sold over 32 million shares, representing 2.8 per cent of the total shares outstanding.
In separate statements to ET NOW, Murthy, Nilekani and Dinesh said the funds raised would go towards encouraging entrepreneurship and philanthropic activities. They also reposed confidence in the future of Infosys and its leadership.
In an email response late on Monday, Infosys co-founder SD Shibulal stated, "My family sold a minor part. We will be using the proceeds to invest in various philanthropic efforts as well as business activities which the family has. The family will continue to hold the large share at Infosys and we fully believe in the future of Infosys."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airport operators put SpiceJet on cash-and-carryAirports Authority of India
(The DGCA warning came after…)
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet faced trouble on multiple fronts on Monday with the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) issuing another warning, while the airport operators moved to put the carrier on cash-and-carry mode, which means the airline can use the facilities of an airport only upon immediate payment.
The DGCA warning came after it discovered that SpiceJet was not following its order barring the airline from booking advance fares beyond a month. "The airline has been asked to immediately limit advance booking to a month or a show cause notice will be issued on Tuesday," said a government official, who did not want to be identified. The DGCA official explained the aviation regulator, can even consider cancelling the licence of the airline for flouting its instructions.
The airline's website, as of 8 pm on Monday, said that "bookings open till October 24, 2015".
SpiceJet replied to a query on the notice by saying that they will be discussing the matter with the aviation regulator tomorrow. "We have told the DGCA in our response that we would like to discuss that matter, and plan to do so tomorrow post board meeting," said a SpiceJet spokesperson .
Airports Authority of India (AAI) and Mumbai International Airport Ltd (MIAL) for their part said they were going to put the airline in the cash-and-carry category unless it cleared pending bills. AAI has asked the airline to clear dues till December 10, 2014.
"On their request, AAI had agreed to give respite from payments till Wednesday. If the airline fails to make payments, AAI will immediately put the airline on cash-and-carry," said a senior ministry official, who did not want to be dentified.
SpiceJet owes about Rs 200 crore to AAI. On the BSE the airline company's share closed at Rs 15.25 on Monday, down 4.39 per cent. The share experienced an intra-day fall of 14.7 per cent before staging a recovery.
Amidst mounting regulatory challenges the airline's board met in Chennai to discuss capital-raising options. The meeting was on till the time of going to print.
On Friday, DGCA barred SpiceJet from advance bookings beyond a month and withdrew about 100 slots at various airports across the country.
Since July, SpiceJet has been cutting capacity due to financial woes. The airline operated 345 daily flights in July, which has come down to 232 as on December 8.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bankers to SpiceJet not worried about outstanding loansBankers to SpiceJet not worried about outstanding loans
Anita Bhoir & Atmadip Ray, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.39AM IST
Tags:
City Union Bank
(Allahabad Bank, Citibank,…)
MUMBAI|KOLKATA: Banks with exposure of more than Rs 1,500 crore to SpiceJet met with the senior management of the budget carrier last week to discuss the company's financial situation. The Kalanithi Maran-promoted airline has been facing rough weather following a liquidity crunch, but the lenders said they aren't currently worried about the outstanding loans.
Allahabad Bank, Citibank, City Union Bank , HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank , State Bank of India and YES Bank are the bankers to the airline company, according SpiceJet's latest annual report.
To secure their exposure, the banks have discussed the option of calling for additional share from promoters. However, for now the banks have not exercised that option.
"We have met the senior management of the company and we are not worried of our exposure," said N Kamakodi, managing director and chief executive of City Union Bank. The bank has an outstanding loan of Rs 200 crore. "Our loan is secured by immobile collateral, deposits and margins," said Kamakodi.
After reviewing the financial and operational parameters of the carrier, Director General of Civil Aviation Prabhat Kumar issued a series of instructions to SpiceJet and also directed to clear arrears of about Rs 1,600 crore to various vendors and suppliers and to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15.
"We are not much concerned over SpiceJet as 43 per cent of the loan is covered by collateral security and we hold some shares as well," said Executive Director JK Singh Kharb of Allahabad Bank, which has an exposure of Rs 211 crore. SBI currently has no loans outstanding to SpiceJet, said P Pradeep Kumar, managing director of corporate banking at SBI.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil marketing companies sell 5-kg LPG cylinder at Rs 150Bharat Petroleum
(According to the government’s…)
NEW DELHI: State oil marketing companies are quietly selling mini cooking gas cylinders of 5-kg across the country at subsidized rates of about Rs 150 each to over 2.75 lakh consumers. These cylinders are also sold in select petrol pumps at market price of about Rs 350 per unit.
"Public sector oil marketing companies have reported that they are already marketing 5-kg cylinders at subsidized rate. Up to 34 cylinders of 5-kg capacity are given at subsidized rate to a customer in a year and consumption beyond 34 cylinders in a year is at non-subsidized rate," Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told parliament on Monday.
Pradhan earlier told that the government was working an efficient and pro-poor subsidy regime where a customer would get cooking gas subsidy on per kilogram basis without losing his current entitlement, which is equivalent to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year.
According to the government's policy, in a year a customer is entitled to consume 12 LPG cylinders of 14.2-kg each at subsidized rate. "This would certainly help the poor to purchase LPG as per his actual requirement. At present a consumer is forced to purchase 14.2-kg cylinder at a time and pay more than Rs 400. This is a huge sum for the poor to pay at one go. Instead, he pays one-third the cost and get a 5-kg cylinder without losing his entitlement of total 170.4 kg of subsidized LPG in a year," he said.
Oil ministry and industry officials said the move will also check diversion of subsidized cylinders for commercial use. "5-kg cylinders can't be used in taxis, restaurants or catering units. But, at least 25% 14.2-kg cylinders are diverted for commercial usage because of price advantage," an industry executive said. Market price of a 14.2-kg cylinder in New Delhi is Rs 752, which is sold at a subsidized rate of Rs 417 for the domestic use.
Oil ministry officials said there is a difference in subsidy entitlement for consumers of 5-kg LPG cylinders. "Only registered consumers get subsidy on the small cylinder, while un-registered customers can purchase these cylinders from petrol pumps without much paper-works by paying market rates," one official said.
"Small 5-kg cylinders are popular in far-flung areas, villages and small towns. In Delhi, people want LPG in bulk to avoid booking it in small intervals. So, we do not sale such cylinders in Delhi," an Indian Oil Corp executive said requesting anonymity. Only one Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd outlet in Delhi sells subsidized mini cooking gas cylinder. The largest number of such customers are in Jharkhand , followed by Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India is the brightest spot in APAC region: S&PIndia is the brightest spot in Asia Pacific region: S&P
Lalit K Jha     Washington    Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 13:01 IST
India has emerged as the brightest spot in the Asia Pacific region as reform has picked up pace in the country in recent months , a top credit rating agency has said.
" India has been the region's brightest spot since our last report. After a modest beginning, Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi's government has picked up the pace of reform, eliminating the diesel subsidy in early November, liberalising foreign investment into the insurance sector, and curbing discretionary government spending for the second half of the current fiscal year," the Standard & Poor's Ratings Services said.
Confidence has improved and growth momentum is now at around seven per cent, S&P said in its latest quarterly updates on credit conditions in North America, the Asia-Pacific region, Latin America and Europe.
In the Asia Pacific region, Australia's GDP growth continues to trend at around three per cent, buoyed by reasonably solid consumption and still-strong real exports, despite falling iron ore prices, it said.
Banks and bond investors appear incrementally cautious and selective with their investments throughout the region.
"Our issuer ratings outlook eased slightly to a net negative bias of 11 per cent at the end of October, in line with receding concerns about India. However, the ratio remains high compared to other regions. Cyclical industries such as transportation, building materials, chemicals, real estate development, and capital goods have above-average negative biases," the agency said said.
Some Asia-Pacific economies, it said, are ending 2014 on a relatively lower note than expected, as China's growth momentum slows under a weaker property market, Japan slips into recession, and external demand has yet to meaningfully improve.
Financial sector turbulence arising from China's property sector could have effects beyond China.
While a stronger US recovery is export-positive, the concurrent higher hike in the Fed Funds rate could cause stress if not managed, it said.
"Against this backdrop, we see the credit cycle continuing to adjust to slower economic prospects, as well as high household and corporate debt in several countries weighing on some sectors' credit outlooks," it said.
The US economic recovery is strengthening, and Standard & Poor's expects this trend to continue in the fourth quarter and through 2015, boosted by growing momentum in the labor and housing markets.
(PTI)

Gujarat clocks over 48 000 sick MSME units in 2014With cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
At a time when state government is putting in all efforts to promote Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) by way of the upcoming seventh edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors’ Summit 2015, data released by the Union Ministry for MSMEs on Monday show that there are over 48,000 sick units in Gujarat, which is nearly one-fifth of the total MSMEs registered with the state government.
As per the data compiled by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from scheduled commercial banks, Gujarat has a total of 48,000 sick MSME units (end of March 2014) which is second only to Uttar Pradesh (63,268 units). This information was part of the written reply given in the Lok Sabha about the National Manufacturing Competitiveness Programme, by Union Minister for MSMEs, Kalraj Mishra.
The number of sick MSME units in Gujarat has more than doubled in a space of 12 months. At the end of March 2013, the number of sick units in the state was just 20,452 units. The deteriorating financial condition of MSMEs is more glaring when the numbers of sick units in 2012 (107 units) and 2011 (4321 units) are compared with those of March 2014.
A senior official of the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) which is one of the biggest lenders to MSME units in Gujarat says that the non-performing assets of MSME units have grown by 5-6 percent compared to last year.
The ticket size of loans given to MSMEs in Gujarat is anywhere between Rs 1 to Rs 2.5 crore. “We are facing a lot of problems with regard to providing loans to MSME units in Gujarat is concerned. Every year we have been lending more to MSME units in the state, but the quantum of NPAs (non-performing assets) among have simultaneously been on the rise.
Real-estate, manufacturing, chemicals, textiles and hospitality are some of the sectors where MSMEs have been badly affected by NPAs in Gujarat,” said the SIDBI official requesting anonymity.
According to the latest state government figures for the year 2013-14, there are 2.61 lakh registered MSME units in Gujarat, employing over 21.6 lakh people in the state. Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot, Vadodara, Bharuch, Jamnagar, Bhavnagar and Valsad are the major multi-product MSME clusters in the state.
However the state government points to the rising investments by MSMEs in the state. According to state government figures, the total investment done by MSMEs in Gujarat, between the year 2010-2014, stood at USD 7.7 billion or over Rs 47,000 crore.
A survey conducted by the Gujarat government just before the 2013 edition of the Vibrant Gujarat summit showed that closure rate of MSMEs in Gujarat was at five percent.
“MSMEs of Gujarat is one of the dominant themes of this year’s Vibrant Gujarat. According to the fourth census of MSMEs, Gujarat stands first in terms of the asset base of the MSME sector. We are looking to showcase this sector to a global audience,” said a state government official. This year the state government is making 10 short films that will showcase the
success stories of home-bred MSMEs of the state during the Vibrant Gujarat summit.
Though the financial condition of exiting units have been deteriorating, the number of MOUs (memorandum of understanding) signed by MSME units during the Vibrant Gujarat summit have been on a rise. Compared to the 1921 MoUs signed in 2009 edition of the summit, the number of MoUs increased to 4494 and 12886 during the 2011 and 2013 editions of the summit, state figures from the MSME division of Industries Commissioner Office, Gujarat.
Apart from Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu (43,743 units), Maharashtra (43000) and Andhra Pradesh (41845 units) were among the top five states having the maximum number of sick MSME units. There are a total of over 4 lakh sick MSME units in the country as on March 2014.
TAGS: MSMEs Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2015
More from economy

Jet Airways shares gain on oil price slumpJet Airways shares gain on hopes of profit boost from oil price slump
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 12:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Jet Airways shares gained as much as 3.7 per cent on Tuesday on hopes that the slump in oil prices would boost the airline's profit.
Oil prices dived 4 per cent to five-year low on oversupply worries.
Analysts say that every US $1/bbl fall in crude prices can boost Jet Airways ' operating profit estimate for the 2015-16 financial year by 4-5 per cent.
Shares of the airline were up 64.8 per cent since November 25, as of its previous close on Monday.
Weakness at rivals will also boost sales of Jet Airways, say traders, as SpiceJet has cut its fleet size to save costs.
(Reuters)

Moodys urges slower bank bonus payoutsMoody’s urges slower bank bonus payouts
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7385ea0e-7efe-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why shouldn t a sadhvi call them haramzadas: Ex-BJP ministerPrint
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi may have “strongly disapproved” of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s comments, but it doesn't look like the “Ramzade versus Haramzade” debate is going to die down any time soon.
Though the sadhvi has apologised in the Rajya Sabha for her infamous outburst, another sadhu-turned-politician from the BJP, Swami Chinmayanand, on Sunday went a step further and called Syed Ahmed Bukhari and those like him “haramzadas”.
“Two days ago I asked the Imam of Jama Masjid why he writes Bukhari with his name. We know that a wheat and rice granary in Balrampur is called Bukhara. He said his ancestors came from Bukhara many generations ago. But many generations have passed since they have migrated to Hindustan. Now, he drinks water of this land, eats our food and breathes this air. But still thinks he belongs to Bukhara,” Chinmayanand said in Balrampur on Sunday.
Chinmayanand added that Syed Ahmed Bukhari did not invite Modi to dastarbandi, the function to anoint his son as deputy Imam at Delhi’s Jama Masjid on November 22, but called Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Explanation
“When such haramzadas are present in the country, why shouldn’t a sadhvi call them haramzadas?” he asked the gathering, which immediately broke into Jai Sri Ram chants.
Chinmayanand, who was a minister of state for internal affairs in the third Atal Bihari Vajpayee government, was addressing a Hindu Sammelan of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) at Balrampur’s DAV Inter College ground.
But Chinmayanand didn’t stop there. He dragged Modi in and targeted Samajwadi Party President Mulayam Singh Yadav, as well as UP’s Minority Affairs Minister Azam Khan.
“Terrorist activities are taking place in the country. But some people are not concerned. I have a question for the leaders of opposition parties and especially for Mulayam Singh Yadav. A woman of his class had gunned down 17 Rajputs. And he made Phoolan Devi an MP. So why does he have a problem with another woman of the same class when she is anxious about division of the country?” asked Chinmayanand, referring to Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
“If she calls Modi a Ramzada it is obvious what we should call Azam Khan,” said the former minister.
Talking to news persons after his explosive speech, Chinmayanand said Modi was more popular in Pakistan than Nawaz Sharif and former cricketer Imran Khan.
“The Muslim youths have started trusting Modi. The way they turned up at polling booths in Kashmir was evidence of Modi’s acceptance among them. Even in Pakistan, Modi is more popular than Sharif and Khan,” claimed the saffron leader.
Although Modi has repeatedly advocated inclusive politics, Chinmayanand didn’t think twice before putting the prime minister in an uncomfortable spot over the Ram temple issue.
“Now there is no need for a campaign for Ram temple because it is completely in the hands of the Central government. In fact, the time has come for construction of the temple,” he said.
He said Hashim Ansari, the oldest plaintiff in Ram Janmbhoomi- Babri Masjid case, has become like a Hindu saint.
“His is a case of change of heart. He has become a saint, who is showing tremendous regard for Ram Lalla. It is a good sign. But some selfish political parties and a handful of Muslim leaders are creating hurdles,” he added.
Chinmayanand rose into prominence within the BJP during the late 1980s because of the aggressive part he played in the Ram temple campaign.
Recommend

Sexual threats  other harsh CIA interrogation techniques detailed in US Senate reportMike Rogers on Sunday, Dec. 7, 2014 said the release of a Senate report examining the use of torture by the CIA a decade ago will cause violence and deaths abroad. (Source: AP)
Washington |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:08 pm
The Senate Intelligence Committee prepared to release a report on the CIA’s anti-terrorism tactics on Tuesday and US officials moved to shore up security at American facilities around the world as a precaution.
The report will include graphic details about sexual threats and other harsh interrogation techniques the CIA meted out to captured militants in the years after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, sources familiar with the document said on Monday.
The report, which Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said would be released on Tuesday, describes how al-Qaeda operative Abdel Rahman al Nashiri, suspected mastermind of the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole, was threatened with a buzzing power drill, the sources said. The drill was never actually used on him.
It documents how at least one detainee was sexually threatened with a broomstick, the sources said.
Preparing for a worldwide outcry from the publication of such graphic details, the White House and US intelligence officials said on Monday they had shored up security of US facilities worldwide.
The report, which took years to produce, charts the history of the CIA’s “Rendition, Detention and Interrogation” program, which President George W Bush authorized after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Bush ended many aspects of the program before leaving office, and President Barack Obama swiftly banned “enhanced interrogation techniques,” which critics say are torture, after his 2009 inauguration.
A pair of Republican lawmakers called the release of the report “reckless and irresponsible.”
“We are concerned that this release could endanger the lives of Americans overseas, jeopardize US relations with foreign partners, potentially incite violence, create political problems for our allies, and be used as a recruitment tool for our enemies,” Senators Marco Rubio and Jim Risch said in a statement on Monday.

PM Narendra Modi wins TIME readers Person of the Year online pollModi secured more than 16% of the almost five million votes cast and was on Monday named winner of this year’s readers’ poll.
New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 5:37 pm
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not make the shortlist of eight finalists selected by TIME for its annual ‘Person of the Year’ title but has won the publication’s readers’ poll online.
He secured more than 16% of the almost five million votes cast and was on Monday named winner of this year’s readers’ poll.
TIME editors have not picked him among the eight finalists for the 2014 Person of the Year title. The winner will be announced on Wednesday.
TIME said “a strong showing of readers from India” helped drive Modi’s first-place finish. “More people from the country voted than from any other country, with the exception of the United States,” it said.
Protesters in Ferguson, demonstrating against a grand jury’s decision to not indict police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August, ranked second in the readers’ online poll with 9% of the total votes.
The eight ‘editor’s pick’ finalists, announced by TIME editor Nancy Gibbs, include founder and CEO of the Alibaba Group Jack Ma, Apple CEO Tim Cook, pop star Taylor Swift, Ferguson protestors, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ebola caregivers, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell and President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq Masoud Barzani.
Readers from more than 225 countries participated in the online poll with US votes leading the tally at 37%, followed by India at 17% and Russia at 12%. Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
The title, that has been awarded by the magazine annually since 1927, goes to the person who “most influenced the news” during the year “for better or worse”.
Modi was among the 50 contenders which included global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons.
In a separate “Face-off” poll, Modi was pitted against Indonesia’s new president Joko Widodo and maintained a significant lead. He garnered 69% votes as against Widodo’s 31%.

Analysts expect FY15 CAD to fall on oil price slumpAnalysts expect FY15 current a/c deficit to fall to 1.4% on further oil price slump
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 18:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Analysts have allayed fears of widening current account deficit, which was 2.1 per cent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) for the July-September period, and pegged it in the range of 1.4 to 1.8 per cent for the full 2014-15 financial year due to falling crude oil prices.
"With the crude price set to average at US $74 per barrel during October-March period from US $107 per barrel in the first half, we expect CAD to narrow to 1.4 per cent of GDP in FY15 (2014-15) and 1.1 per cent in FY16 (2015-16)," Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a report in Mumbai.
In the July-September quarter of the ongoing financial year, the CAD expanded to US $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, from US $7.9 billion (or 1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter.
In FY14, the country's CAD stood at 1.7 per cent of GDP and in the 2012-13 fiscal the deficit was at a high of 4.7 per cent, forcing the government to hike gold import duty and take many other measures.
The widening of CAD in Q2 was on account of a moderation in export growth, which stood at 4.9 per cent in the reporting period as against 10.6 per cent in the first quarter of FY15, along with an acceleration in gold imports which surged 8.1 per cent in the second quarter of the current fiscal.
Nomura , the Japanese brokerage said, "The recent relaxation in gold import norms and the subsequent rise in gold imports will be more than offset by the benefits to the current account owing to lower oil prices."
Brent crude prices on Tuesday slipped to a five-year low , falling below US $66 a barrel, on supply glut and are seen falling further.
Since June, the domestic basket crude oil has fallen over 34 per cent.
According to the Japanese financial services provider, every US $10 fall in oil prices lowers the oil import bill by around US $9 billion.
In FY14, the country imported crude oil worth US $155 billion with an average price of close to US $110 a barrel.
Meanwhile, the government has recently withdrawn the 80:20 scheme on gold imports, which mandated exporting a fifth (or 20 per cent) of all gold imported, before importing another lot of the yellow metal.
DBS Bank in a report said it expected the current account deficit to stay within 1.5-1.8 per cent range in the 2014-15 financial year.
"This year's CAD is well within the central bank's comfort range and funding needs will be well-cushioned by flows attracted to the revival in growth and profitability," DBS Bank report said.
Meanwhile, BofA-ML estimates the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will still be able to maintain the critical eight-month import cover in March 2016, even if it sells US $15 billion of foreign exchange (forex) reserves to defend the 65 level.

RIL to form JV with China s Shandong Ruyi in textile bizRIL to enter into JV with China's Shandong Ruyi in textile business
Aman Shah     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 18:35 IST
Photo: Reuters
Reliance Industries (RIL) on Tuesday said it will transfer its textile business into a new joint venture with China's Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group.
Reliance Industries said it will receive a cash consideration for the deal but did not disclose the amount.
"RIL will own a majority 51 per cent stake in the JV with the balance being owned by Ruyi",  Reliance said in a statement.
(Reuters)

Moderate growth in steel usage in Apr-NovModerate growth in steel usage in Apr-Nov
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
India’s steel consumption grew by a moderate 1.3 per cent to 48.62 million tonnes during the April—November period of current fiscal on lingering effect of the economic slowdown and slow growth in production.
The country, the world’s fourth largest steel producer, had consumed 48 MT steel in the corresponding period of the last fiscal, Joint Plant Committee (JPC), a unit under Steel Ministry, said today.
“The slow growth numbers appear to reflect the lingering effect of the economic slowdown and is further depressed by the slow growth in production for sale in April—November, 2014 as compared to the same period of last year,” it said in a note sent to the Ministry.
Domestic real consumption of steel in November 2014 at 5.488 MT was down by 9 per cent compared to October.
Year—on—year basis, it increased by 8 per cent.
Production of crude steel during April—November period of the current fiscal was higher by 2.5 per cent at 55.29 MT to which main producers SAIL, RINL, Tata Steel, Essar, JSW and & JSPL together contributed 29.769 MT. The rest produced 25.52 MT during the period.
The production in November at 6.81 MT was higher by 3.5 per cent over the same month last year.
Export of total finished steel was down by 5.3 per cent during the first eight months of the current fiscal at 3.5 MT over the same period last year.
Imports, however, zoomed to 5.5 MT, a 49 per cent growth during the April—November period.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

BJP has hidden agenda to separate Mumbai from Maharashtra: NCPBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 9, 2014 8:07 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 8:08 pm
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alleged on Tuesday that the BJP has a hidden agenda to separate the metropolis of Mumbai from the state of Maharashtra.
NCP spokesman Nawab Malik had also tweeted on December 7 that Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis wants Prime Minister Narendra Modi to head a “civic authority” formed for the “development” of Mumbai city. This reveals the BJP’s “hidden conspiracy” to make Mumbai city a Centre-ruled state and take it away from Maharashtra.
“However, the NCP will not tolerate this geographical polarisation and if necessary launch an agitation to keep Mumbai an integral part of Maharashtra,” he said.
However, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis tweeted that the idea behind the civic panel headed by Prime Minister Modi is to facilitate “co-ordination” between various central Ministries and the state to develop Mumbai, which India’s financial capital into a “global commercial hub” by 2019.

Telecom Commission approves spectrum base price with ridersDec 09, 2014, 10.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Telecom Commission approves spectrum base price with riders
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has reiterated its recommendations for 900 and 1800 Mhz bands, while it has increased the base price by 15 per cent for 800 MHz band
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Telecom Commission approves spectrum base price with riders
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has reiterated its recommendations for 900 and 1800 Mhz bands, while it has increased the base price by 15 per cent for 800 MHz band
Post your opinion here
 
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission has finalised the base price for spectrum to be auctioned in February with some riders. TC held a meeting yesterday to discuss the next round of spectrum auction including finalisation of the base price.
"The TC has given approval to DoT's committee recommended reserve price with some conditions. Other matters regarding the auction were also discussed," said a source.
The committee of the Department of Telecom had suggested a base price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz for the auction of 800 Mhz spectrum, used for offering CDMA services, which is 17 per cent higher than what the regulator Trai has recommended.
The price of 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz as recommended by DoT committee could not be ascertained. The TC's decision will now be placed before Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad for final approval and after that Cabinet might be approached for certain issues, the source said.
The TC yesterday discussed the revised recommendations submitted by sectoral regulator Trai on the pricing of 800, 900 and 1800 MHz bands. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has reiterated its recommendations for 900 and 1800 Mhz bands, while it has increased the base price by 15 per cent for 800 MHz band.
Also read:  Telecom Comm pegs 900 Mhz spectrum base price 23% higher
The DoT had sent back Trai's recommendations on 800, 900 and 1800 MHz bands for reconsidering some points. The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held
in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radiowaves.
Most of the spectrum which is proposed to be put up for sale is being used by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications across various parts of the country.
These companies will need to buy back radiowaves to continue their operations in areas where their licences are expiring in 2015-16.
Trai has also released a consultation paper on pricing of 2100 MHz band, used for offering 3G services, as the government plans to auction this band along with 800, 900 and
1800 MHz in February. Telecom companies as well as the regulator have been of
the view that the auction should take place only when adequate spectrum is made available, and the bidding should be held simultaneously for both the services - 2G and 3G. 
RELATED NEWS

Why should anybody distrust PM Fadnavis on appointment of PM committeeBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 8:03 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:16 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday asserted that Mumbai will not have a separate Chief Executive Officer (CEO) nor Prime Minster Narendra Modi committee would undermine powers of state. Fadnavis said, “From the very beginning I have always maintained that we would have a nodal officer in Delhi to relentlessly pursue the Mumbai projects which are languishing in different departments in Delhi.”
In the past also we had a nodal officer who would look after special Mumbai projects. CM Fadnavis added, “The purpose is to expedite the development of Mumbai. And why should any body object to the PM committee if it helps in quick execution of city projects that are delayed because of multi-departmental clearances at centre.”
Fadnavis said, “Why should anybody show such distrust against the prime minister of country? I am amazed at the manner in which some people are questioning the PM committee.”
He said, “I have very clearly stated that PM committee was essentially to pursue the projects which are struck in various union ministries at centre. The objective is to fast track the projects.”
While acknowledging that Modi has not given any consent to lead the committee so far, he said. “There are 100 projects related to Mumbai which are in various stages and requires centre’s clearances. If PM committee calls for a meeting to review the projects of Mumbai, it would move faster. Almost 90 per cent of the hurdles would get cleared while preparing for the PM meeting.”
The chief minister expressed his anguish over protest from political parties over PM committee. On Monday, Congress, NCP had questioned Fadnavis for giving away state rights to Modi. The Shiv Sena which is an alliance partner also expressed concern arguing they would not like to compromise their rights in BMC.
According to Fadnavis, “Almost all the Mumbai related projects require centre’s clearance. The coastal regulation zone norms have almost landed majority of the projects in ministry of environment. Now, we have Prakash Javdekar as union minister for environment who is taking decisions.”
Similarly, various other ministries are involved in the city projects. It would take just one meeting held by PM to expedite almost 90 per cent of the projects, he added.

RSS claims it re-converted 100 people in AgraBy: Press Trust of India | Agra |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:48 pm | Updated: December 11, 2014 1:00 pm
At least 100 persons from 37 families were reportedly re-converted to Hinduism at a ceremony organised by an offshoot of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) in the cantonment area here.
The Dharma Jagran cell of the RSS and Bajrang Dal claimed to have organised the joint mass conversion ceremony where about 100 people, mostly slum dwellers, were yesterday re-converted and “brought back to the Hindu fold” after a ritual that included tying of sacred threads on their wrists and putting vermilion mark on their foreheads.
“They were interested in coming back home (to the Hindu fold),” Rajeshwar Singh, area chief of the Dharma Jagran Samanvay Vibhag claimed.
He said the people who underwent conversion were from West Bengal and were living in slums ever since they had arrived here some 25 years ago.
The organisers of the event said the room in which the re-conversion ceremony took place was transformed into a makeshift temple and idols of Hindu gods and goddesses were placed there.
The converts would be given instructions to perform rituals according to Hindu religion for a month, the organisers said, adding that they will also be given new names soon.
Most of the coverts, who are primarily engaged in trash collection, shied away from speaking on the matter. They said that their contractor, Ismail, who had brought them from West Bengal, alone knew the reason for conversion.
While local Muslim leaders denounced the event as “drama”, Abdul Quddoos Rumi, prominent Muslim religious leader from the city, said he could give a reply on the matter only after a query in Urdu was placed before him in a prescribed format.

UP: Day after homecoming  Muslim families deny embracing HinduismComments
About 57 Muslim families contested on Tuesday hard-line Hindu groups Dharma Jagaran Manch and Bajrang Dal’s claim that they have switched to Hinduism, saying they were tricked into a conversion event couched as a “homecoming ceremony” in Agra.
Noor Mohammad, one of the people who alleged that the two Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh offshoots had lured them into a programme to collect BPL and ration cards. (HT photo)
“We were not aware that it was an exercise to convert us to Hinduism. We are Muslims and would continue to be so,” said Noor Mohammad, one of the people who alleged that the two Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh offshoots had lured them into Monday’s programme to collect BPL and ration cards.
The Bajrang Dal said the families “reconverted to their original faith” at the event after having embraced Islam some 25 years ago.
Such reports stoke fears of the rise of the Hindu right fringe which has shown signs of assertiveness since the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The so-called new converts, who eke out a living by picking rags and doing odd jobs, live in the Ved Nagar area on Devri Road of Agra. This colony of poor people is inhabited mostly by Hindu Dalits and the Muslim families, comprising 300 members, who had migrated from Bengal and Bihar.
“What is the difference between Allah and Bhagwan? We are Muslim and never converted to Hinduism and would remain Muslim,” said Sufia Begum, 60.
Muneera, a woman who stayed away from the ritual, said people were converted so that they give their consent to build a Kali temple on a plot owned by Muslims.
Neighbour Jehangir said he went because he was promised a ration card.
The rebuff caught many off guard because they saw Ismail Siddique, popular as thekedar (contractor) change to Raj Kumar on Monday and pledge to worship Hindu deities. The new converts were apparently given an idol of Kali after a ritualistic purification prayer.
Ismail on Tuesday denied having changed his faith. “We are Muslims and never converted to Hinduism.”
Red-faced organisers of the function promptly blamed “pressure from outside to reverse their reconversion”.
Ajju Chauhan, a Bajrang Dal functionary, said no force, coercion or lure of BPL and ration cards were used to bring people to the camp, considered a dry run to a massive function with a similar agenda lined up for December 25 in Aligarh.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad and the Bajrang Dal insisted that such functions be called homecoming, not conversion, ceremonies. “I strongly object to this term conversion. Why don’t you call it homecoming?” asked Prakash Sharma, former national convenor of Bajrang Dal.
“Go back in history, at least four-five generations; you will see your ancestors were all Hindu. Then, is it homecoming or not?” he said.
(With inputs from Haidar Naqvi in Kanpur)

Winds of change at Suzlon  focus on solar energyWinds of change at Suzlon, focus on solar energy
Shreya Jai | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 12:50 AM IST
After wading through the troubled waters of debt and falling revenues, Suzlon, India's first and the world's fifth largest wind turbine energy maker, is bracing for a leap of faith, on several fronts. From investing in solar energy to repowering of old sites to the second generation of the Tanti family taking charge of different business, the company is reorienting.
Suzlon, the leading Indian player in the wind energy business, is now looking to expand its portfolio by venturing into solar power. "We have to consolidate, achieve more growth and invest in technology so as to bring the cost of energy down. We do not require any acquisition, but we are now focusing on the need for solar energy. No company in the Indian market is providing end-to-end solutions in solar power. In the next financial year, we will begin offering our customers both wind and solar parks," Tulsi Tanti, founder and chief executive officer of Suzlon, told Business Standard.
The company's executives said four sites across Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh had been identified. Solar power projects of 50 Mw each would be built at these sites. "Within a year, we will build, commission and sell solar projects," said Tanti.
The second generation of the Tanti family is taking up active roles in the company's management after being involved in different business worldwide. According to the market buzz, Tanti's son Pranav and daughter-in-law have taken up assignments in the group. Pranav is looking after the supply chain and logistics, while his wife Sayogeeta Agarwal is managing infrastructure for Suzlon. Daughter Nidhi Tanti, by her father's own admission, is working with him in business affairs as an assistant general manager. The change of gears is visible on all fronts of the company. Satara, 115 km from Pune, houses Suzlon's first and oldest wind power plant of 201 Mw set up in 1999. Since a wind turbine's life is 25 years, preparations are on to repower the site. Old wind turbines that are nearing their expiry age will be replaced with better and efficient ones.
"We are also establishing three manufacturing bases in Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan to make the next generation two Mw turbine called S111. This turbine has a 120 meter tower and 111 meter rotor, and will provide over 30 per cent plant load factor," said Tanti. The National Democratic Alliance government is asking wind power producers to ramp up the annual installation of wind power plants to 10,000 Mw annually. For solar power the plan is to achieve 1 lakh Mw in five years.
"If we address issues of land, power evacuation and provide financing for 20 years, then it is possible to achieve the 10,000 Mw target by 2018-19. We have a system problem, not a capacity problem. The state and central governments and financial institutions need to work together and facilitate funding, availability of sites and grid infrastructure," said Tanti.
After a lull of two years, Suzlon's revenue jumped by 16 per cent in the first half of 2014-15 over the same period of the previous year and volumes grew by 96 per cent in the Indian market during the same period. Things are looking up for the company, which went through a corporate debt restructuring programme of $1.8 billion in 2013.
Following the same business model as in wind energy, Suzlon will introduce feed-in tariff in solar power sales, where power is sold at a cost-based rate decided in the power purchase agreement with the procurer for the whole life of the project. Apart from Gujarat, all state and central level project tenders in solar epower are based on competitive bidding, where the lowest bid rate is favoured.
RE-ENERGISING
Suzlon will set up four solar power plants of 50 Mw each in Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Maharashtra
 
Will launch three new manufacturing facilities in Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan
 
Repowering of 25-year old wind farms to start in next two-three years
 

Heavy online discounts drying up: Jabongs c...Jabong
(“If I map the market, Myntra plays…)
NEW DELHI: Don't expect the big offers from e-commerce companies to last forever. The companies that have been undercutting rivals and the rest of the retail industry with heavy discounts to build scale, are now gradually turning their focus to profitability.
E-commerce companies have already started cutting down on their daily or weekly discounts that were generally given on a wide range of products, said Praveen Sinha , co-founder of fashion portal Jabong .
"Overall, I would say discounts have to stabilise, but I would say that there will be always some discounts there for e-commerce companies as we have the advantage of scale and we don't have the real-estate and overhead costs associated with that of offline retailers." ET had reported earlier this month that Myntra, India's largest fashion ecommerce portal and Jabong's rival, is pruning costs, improving supply-chain efficiencies and seeking more margins from brands in its quest to break even in the next 18 months.
"If I map the market, Myntra plays an important role and if any corrections are coming down, then there is a player in the market which is getting stable," Sinha said in an interview with ET at his Gurgaon office on Monday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tesco kitchen-sinking in hope of profit rebound© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35565b5c-7fc0-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Revenue sharing model for basins to attract ...Government weighs revenue sharing model for basins to attract global companies
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Assam
(The oil ministry was in favour of…)
NEW DELHI: The government is working out a middle path between the existing, controversial contract regime in which oilfield operators recover their costs before sharing profit with the government, and the revenue sharing system in which the state gets a share from the first day of production, irrespective of the expenditure on the field.
The oil ministry was in favour of dumping the current contractual regime, which became controversial because of stern audit notes and the requirement of the state to monitor the contractor's expenditure to protect the government's share of profit. However, after detailed discussions with domestic and global investors, the oil ministry has decided to change the system, which is attractive for explorers, only for explored basins.
"Indian sedimentary basins are not prospective like the Gulf countries, hence adequate incentive is required to attract private investments," an official source said. It is in favour of the non-controversial revenue sharing model for basins where oil and gas is established, such as blocks located in Assam , Cambay and the Krishna-Godavari basin, sources said.
In September 2011, while examining product sharing contracts (PSCs) of Reliance Industries , BG and Cairn India, the Comptroller & Auditor General ( CAG ) of India had criticised that the contractual regime provided "inadequate incentives" for private contractors to reduce capital expenditure. Reacting to CAG's comments, the then prime minister Manmohan Singh constituted a committee under his Economic Advisory Council Chairman C Rangarajan, which recommended to scrap the PSC model and adopt a non-controversial revenue sharing model where cost-recovery was not allowed.
"The government will not launch the tenth auction round unprepared and in a hurry just because the auction is pending for over four years. Objective is to attract global energy firms and not to score number by auctioning blocks to overburdened domestic companies," a top government source said. The Narendra Modi government is upset over the dismal performance of state-run explorers such as ONGC and Oil India and wants them to expeditiously carry exploration blocks in existing blocks rather than adding more blocks to their portfolio. More than three-fourth of 254 blocks auctioned under Nelp are with public sector companies, particularly ONGC and Oil India.
Exploration success is eluding India since 2002-04, when RIL discovered gas fields in its KG-D6 block and Cairn found massive onland oilfield in Rajasthan. "These discoveries were made by two private companies after almost four decades of ONGC's discovery of the Mumbai High. ONGC is under the government's radar to perform and we are expecting results soon," an oil ministry official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP plans Modi rally to win Kolkata | Mamata to again skip RBI meetYou are here: Home > Collections > Kmc
BJP banks on Modi to swing the tide in its favour in Kolkata's KMC elections
Tamal Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 06.56AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Elections to KMC and 90 other…)
KOLKATA: The West Bengal unit of BJP has decided to hold a rally at the Brigade Parade Grounds in February that will be addressed by Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi , in its bid to wrest the Kolkata Municipal Corporation when polls are held in April. A senior BJP leader admitted in private that they were banking heavily on Modi to kick of the campaign and wrest KMC from the ruling Trinamool Congress. Elections to KMC and 90 other civic bodies are considered the biggest polls before the crucial assembly elections in 2016 and BJP is making all efforts to perform well in the civic polls.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has already announced that Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee would continue to run the civic body for the second consecutive term. But electors have no idea about BJP's mayoral candidate yet. BJP national secretary Sidharth Nath Singh told ET recently, "We are open about projecting someone as our mayoral candidate for KMC elections." State BJP leaders also said that they were planning to fight April's KMC polls by projecting someone as would-be mayor. But the party is yet to announce the name even though Banerjee has already declared Chatterjee as her party's candidate again.
BJP knows that the state election commission and law and order during polls would be under the control of the state police. BJP state president Rahul Sinha has already alerted party workers about this. "We may not get central forces during the civic elections. We know that the ruling party might get some benefit during civic elections. But we have full confidence in the people," Sinha told ET.
Apart from KMC, about 90 municpalities across the state will go for polls in April and none of these civic bodies are under BJP's control. Even in KMC, BJP has just three councillors out of 141 municipal wards.
Even though the party has claimed that more than 1 lakh Muslims have joined them, it might be hard for them to secure Muslim support in areas like Park Circus, Garden Reach, Rajabazar, Metiabruz that are Muslim-dominated under KMC. The defeat of BJP candidate Ritesh Tiwari in Chowringhee assembly byelections indicates that BJP is yet to establish political dominance in the city.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple Trial Likely to Go on With New PlaintiffIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Anil Ambani may sell 80% stake in Big Cinemas to Carnival Films: reportsAnil Ambani may sell 80% stake in Big Cinemas to Carnival Films: reports
Anil Ambani may sell 80% stake in Big Cinemas to Carnival Films: reports
Anil Ambani is planning set to sell a controlling stake in his multiplex business.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/anil-ambani-may-sell-80-stake-in-big-cinemas-to-carnival-films-reports-114121000001_1.html
December 10, 2014 08:15 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Anil Ambani , Big Cinemas, Carnival Films
Top Story
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 12:25 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Great Online Shopping Festival: Google s Nexus 6 to be available from Wednesday priced at Rs 43 999 on FlipkartSahara Group awaits court verdict that may give jailed Subrata Roy freedom
Google today launched the Nexus 6 smartphone which will be available from tomorrow at a premium price of Rs 43,999 in India.
Google launched the smartphone as part of its Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Apart from Nexus 6, Google launched Chromecast for Rs 2,999 and introduced some other products of companies like Lenovo, Asian Paints, Tata Housing and Van Heusen for GOSF.
“The GOSF’s first edition took place in 2012 with 90 merchants and this year, we have 450 merchants. Consumer confidence to shop online is on the rise in India and in the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site,” Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan told reporters during the launch.
Nexus 6 will be available exclusively on Flipkart priced at Rs 43,999 (32 GB) and Rs 48,999 (64 GB) versions.
For Chromecast, Google has partnered with Bharti Airtel and Snapdeal.
Existing broadband users of Airtel can access 60 GB of data for three months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
Google said GOSF has been introduced with an objective to promote online shopping in India and the festival has been embraced by leading brands and e-Commerce players as a leading platform to engage buyers across all categories.
Anandan said India will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016.
TAGS: Google Mobiles
More from industry

Markets may open lower; RIL  SBI  Axis Bank  Bharti Airtel in focusMarkets may open lower; RIL, SBI, Axis Bank, Bharti Airtel in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 08:28 AM IST
Markets are likely to open lower tracking the weakness in their Asian peers. Sentiments may remain subdued given the sustained fall in global crude prices and absence of any major cues while investors are likely to exercise caution ahead of the release of inflation and industrial production data due on Friday. 
 
At 8:30AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was down 36 points at 8,353.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 221.52 crore on Tuesday, as per provisional stock exchange data
 
Sustained decline in global crude prices and weakness in US markets pulled down Japanese shares. Nikkei has lost over 1.5%. Concerns about Chinese economic growth have dragged Chinese shares. Hang Seng and Shanghai indices have lost 0.3% and 0.6% each.
Meanwhile, China's annual consumer inflation eased to a five-year low of 1.4% in November from 1.6% in October, the lowest since November 2009, signalling persistent weakness in the world's second-largest economy and giving policymakers more room to ease policy to support growth.
 
US markets closed mixed on Tuesday amid weak global cues and concerns over political uncertainty in Greece. Though, boosted by gains in energy and technology shares, S&P 500 index managed to pare early losses and end the session on a flat note while Nasdaq Composite index ended higher by 0.5%. The Dow Jones industrial average fell  0.3%.
 
Stocks to watch
 
SBI will be in focus as the bank has ruled out a cut in lending rates till credit demand picks up, to compensate for loss in interest income.
 
Axis Bank will be in focus as the bank has introduced a fixed home loan product for the tenure of 20 years, priced at 10.4 per cent.
 
Reliance Industries is in news after entering into a definitive agreement for a joint venture in business with China's Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group (Ruyi). According to the agreement, RIL will transfer its existing textile business under the Vimal brand into a newly incorporated company in which RIL will hold 51 per cent stake. The remaining 49 per cent stake will be sold to Ruyi.
 
Bharti Airtel will be in focus on news that TDSAT has set aside a penalty of Rs 650 crore imposed on the company by Department of Telecommunication.
Spicejet may come under renewed pressure as the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has refused to relax its restriction on SpiceJet's advance bookings and once again asked the airline to submit in writing a credible funding plan by December 15.

Richard Rahul Verma confirmed as next US ambassador to IndiaRichard Rahul Verma confirmed as next US ambassador to India
Press Trust of India | Washington Dec 10, 2014 06:40 AM IST
The United States senate today confirmed by a voice vote the nomination of Richard Rahul Verma as the next US ambassador to India.
Verma, 46, is the first Indian-American to be the US ambassador to India and is expected to be sworn in shortly.
He will arrive in New Delhi ahead of the India visit of US President Barack Obama who will be the chief guest on this year's Republic Day.
The very fact that Verma was confirmed by a voice vote in a bitterly divided senate with more than fifty ambassadorial nominations pending, signify the bi-partisan support to India-US relationship.
ALSO READ:  Who is Richard Verma? 10 things you must know about the next US ambassador to India
Verma, who quietly played an important role in the Congressional passage of Civil Nuclear Deal while being at the Hill, had advocated for strong Indo-US ties when in the administration and recently had started a 'India 2020' project at a top American-think tank - Center for American Progress.
Verma served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counsellor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d'affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Verma's association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then Illinois senator.
His parents came to the US in the early 1960s having lived through India's fight for independence from Britain and partition.

Debt assets  exposure to G-Sec hits 11-month highDebt assets' exposure to G-Sec hits 11-month high
Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 09:22 AM IST
With interest rate cut on the anvil, India's debt fund managers have taken nearly 10% exposure to government papers - the highest in 11 months.
Of the total debt assets under management (AUM) of Rs 7.89 lakh crore as on 30 November, about Rs 77,870 crore has found its way into government securities.
So far this calendar year, there has been a steady increase of investments in G-Sec. At one point of time, exposure to such securities was as low as 6.5%.
With the current 10-year bond yield hovering at 8%, fund managers said that investments in fixed income products are worth making from a 6 to 12 months perspective as returns from debt products are likely to converge with what equities have to offer.
Further, a substantially higher proportion of investments into G-Sec is in schemes with maturity of more than one year. Debt experts have been recommending investors to add duration in their existing debt portfolios.
It was in December last year that fund managers had raised their exposure to G-Sec to a high of 11% on hopes of a rate cut. However, in absence of any such move from the RBI they had trimmed their investment in the government papers.
But over the last few months fund managers have changed their stance and started pumping money into G-Sec again.
November witnessed a rise of about 6% in Gilt funds investors' base to 54,487 over the previous month. The period saw gross sales of Rs 1,236 crore. As on 30 November, mutual fund sector offered 46 Gilt funds to investors.

Lending rates poised for a dip  credit needs to grow first: SBI chief Arundhati BhattacharyaFalling rupee comes amid slowdown in global growth: All you need to know
State Bank of India chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya on Tuesday said lending rates will come down when credit picks up and the cost of funds come down.
“The fact that we are adjusting on the deposit taking side means that going forward all of us are seeing a rate cut. But exactly when it will happen is not something I can really tell you now,” Bhattacharya said here after launching the SBI Compsite Index.
Some banks, including HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank had reduced deposit rates last week apparently to bring down the cost of funds.
“What the banks are waiting for is a little bit more of a sign of a credit pick-up. Whatever we say, when we cut the lending rates our income comes down and we need some other ways of making up that income to keep paying interest on deposits. That can always happen if the credit growth is quite robust and volume picks up,” she said.
“But when the volumes are very thin and if you are not seeing that kind of a clear pipeline, then it is very difficult to cut lending rates. So, I think most of us are waiting to see a little bit more of a pick-up in credit,” Bhattacharya said.
The credit growth is slowly inching up and is definitely better than the growth up to September, she said. “Retail growth is alright. On the corporate side also we are seeing a little bit growth now, though new projects are still a challenge,” she said.
On the aviation sector, Bhattacharya said SBI does not have any exposure to the cash-strapped Spicejet. “It’s (aviation sector) a difficult sector to operate,” she said.
TAGS: Arundhati Bhattacharya State Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

India Inc starts worrying about Modi govt |  Judge after a yrInitial euphoria wanes, India Inc worried about Modi government's 'lack of boldness'
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 06.29AM IST
Tags:
BJP government
(At a closed door CII meeting,…)
NEW DELHI: Six months after Modi Sarkar assumed power amidst great expectations, many industrialists are concerned about what they see as a lack of boldness in reforms and an absence of radical ideas. As a result, they are largely unwilling to commit fresh investments in the country at a time the infrastructure sector is in a virtual logjam because of high debt.
At a closed door, barred-to-media session of the Confederation of Indian Industry last Saturday, December 6, some of India Inc's most prominent voices asked whether the government is doing enough to jumpstart growth, unlock infrastructure and spur fresh investments. While business leaders conceded the mood was upbeat, they said a lot more needed to be done for fresh investments to kick in.
"This government has moved us from despair to hope... but now I think that hope is waning," said GVK Power & Infrastructure Vice-Chairman Sanjay Reddy, according to people present at the meeting. "The government actually needs to take a bold line and has to say we are going to move away from the past. But we are not seeing that happening at the moment," added SRF Chairman Arun Bharat Ram, referring to labour reforms and the role of the public sector. "One of the biggest opponents to labour reforms is BJP's own trade union and if what we are going to see is every move being weighed politically, we are in the same boat as before," he added.
Arun Bharat Ram's office told ET he wasn't present at the CII meeting, but two attendees confirmed to ET that he was indeed there and had voiced his opinion. GVK also denied that Reddy had made any such comments at the meeting. Biocon founder and Chairperson Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw expressed concern over the BJP government following in the footsteps of its predecessor by floating new welfare schemes in healthcare.
"I am personally very concerned about the government's focus on a universal healthcare programme. As we all know, it should be a sustainable model, it cannot be an overarching free-for-all scheme... there should be some co-pay. Social welfare schemes shouldn't be about doling out freebies and creating an entitlement culture that is detrimental to growth. The government is very pro-growth, but within that, we need to be very sensitive and conscious of the social welfare area," said Shaw, who attended the meeting. She told ET later that "a lot of industry members (at the meeting) talked about how much reforms this government can actually bring in". Shaw also confirmed her comments at the meeting. "What we are seeing right now is reforms that are minor tinkering. There is a lot of interest in Indian stocks, but where is the investment in new projects? Everyone is playing wait and watch," she added.
Columbia University Professor Arvind Panagariya, who is an advisor to Rajasthan's BJP government, is learnt to have said that things which should have happened by now, such as new norms for land acquisition, removing tax uncertainty and recapitalisation of banks, haven't taken place. "India is a little behind on the growth curve... and I am slightly disappointed," he said. Panagariya did not respond to ET's email.
  Veteran industrialist Dhruv Sawhney, chairman of the Triveni Group, said the capital goods sector, in the first six months, is still at 60 per cent of where it was in 2011. "This feedback should be given. This sector hasn't taken off even till end of November. It's quite widespread. That shows the actual investment on the ground is not happening," Sawhney is learnt to have said. Sawhney's office said he was out of the country and was unavailable for comment.
Janmejaya Sinha, chairman of The Boston Consulting Group's Asia Pacific unit, expressed concern over the state of the PSU banking sector and suggested the government could consider lowering its stake to 33 per cent. "Credit is not picking up, we cannot get out of this bind," he is learnt to have said. People familiar with the situation told ET that CII President Ajay Shriram started the discussion by inviting participants to air their views in an open and frank manner. Shriram said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was keen to assess "the pulse and the buzz" in industry circles.
Bharti Group Chairman Sunil Mittal praised the efforts of the new government to turn around the economy and urged fellow CEOs to be patient. "Industry should be patient as reforms would take a few years," Mittal is learnt to have said, adding that the new government was a "welcome change in terms of its approach to industry... and that it has the gumption to say we will go for growth and amend laws".

Sensex starts on a cautious note on Greece anxiety; Nifty holds 8300Sensex starts on a cautious note on Greece anxiety; Nifty holds 8300
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 09.28AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 87 points in trade on Wednesday tracking Asian markets, which were trading lower as political uncertainty in Greece spooked world markets.
The Nikkei benchmark dropped 1.5 per cent to 17,542.67 in mid-morning trade after falling to as low as 17,518.05 earlier, the lowest since Dec. 2. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.18 per cent lower at 23441.
European political woes added to the anxiety, after the government in Athens brought forward a presidential vote that heightened uncertainty over the country's transition out of its IMF/EU bailout, Reuters reported.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under bit of pressure, weighed down by losses in pharma, FMCG, autos and capital goods stocks .
At 09:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27753.62, down 43 points or 0.16 per cent. It touched a high of 27,824 and a low of 27,710.03 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8331 down 10 points or 0.11 per cent. It touched a high of 8350 and a low of 8317.00 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.25 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.31 per cent.
Tata Power (up 1.7 per cent), Hindalco (up 1.1 per cent), Infosys (up 0.87 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 0.87 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (up 0.86 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Tata Motors (down 1.4 per cent), ITC (down 0.88 per cent), M&M (down 0.77 per cent), HUL (down 0.52 per cent) and L&T (down 0.52 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1wSsT3EFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet
As Ferrari's go, it's hard to get much more exclusive than the Sergio. Only six of the these Pininfarina-designed beauties will be made, Ferrari says.  The first one arrived in the United Arab Emirates, a
Post to Facebook
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet As Ferrari's go, it's hard to get much more exclusive than the Sergio. Only six of the these Pininfarina-designed beauties will be made, Ferrari says.  The first one arrived in the United Arab Emirates, a Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8gIgP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ferrari delivers its most 'radical' supercar yet
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:12 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Ferrari just delivered its first Sergio to a customer in the  United Arab Emirates 
(Photo: Ferrari)
Ferrari goes with a two tone look on the Sergio 
(Photo: Ferrari)
The round tail lights on the Ferrari Sergio pay homage to its heritage 
(Photo: Ferrari)
The interior of the Ferrari Sergio is done in alcantera and leather 
(Photo: Ferrari)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Labor market reforms can help reduce persistent youth unemployment: IMFLabor market reforms can help reduce persistent youth unemployment: IMF
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 10, 2014 08:57 IST
The financial crisis has exacted a severe toll on society in the euro area. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the headline-generating figures for youth unemployment, which peaked at over 50% in some countries in September 2014.
 
 
The decline in economic growth in the euro area due to the financial crisis accounts for half the increase in youth unemployment in the region, according to IMF.
 
And in the most vulnerable euro area economies—Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Portugal, and Spain—the lack of growth accounts for about 70% of the rise in youth unemployment, the report finds.
 
The financial crisis has exacted a severe toll on society in the euro area. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the headline-generating figures for youth unemployment, which peaked at over 50% in some countries in September 2014. Even today only 4 out of 10 workers between the ages of 15 and 24 in the most vulnerable euro area countries are employed. And if the euro zone’s recovery slows, these numbers could start to climb again.
 
Young workers are critical
 
While high unemployment is always undesirable, youth joblessness can be especially problematic in the euro area, which has an aging population and suffers from large amounts of unused labor and capital. And the longer unemployment lasts, the greater the erosion of skills and employability, and the more corrosive the effects on social cohesion and institutions.
 
Without a vibrant young workforce, economies cannot afford to fund their social safety nets. They become vulnerable to slowing innovation and competitiveness and reduced growth potential, especially if their most talented youth choose to study and work abroad. This makes it especially alarming that a growing share of youth—reaching some 40% at end-June 2014—has been unemployed for longer than a year, joining the ranks of what are defined as the long-term unemployed.
 
It is easy to blame the financial crisis in the euro area for the perilous state of affairs. But that doesn’t tell the whole story. Youth unemployment varies across the region. Some countries—Ireland, Greece, Spain, and Portugal—experienced a surge in unemployment during the crisis. But, with the exception of Ireland, these countries’ youth unemployment rates were already persistently above average before the crisis. In Italy and France, too, the high youth unemployment rates are, for the most part, a precrisis legacy.
 
Growth is good
 
The report finds that young workers are about three times more sensitive to changes in economic activity than adult workers, owing to their more fragile employment conditions. For example, they are three times more likely than adult workers to be hired on temporary work contracts. In vulnerable economies, youth employment is concentrated in sectors—such as the construction sector—that are more susceptible to the business cycle and in small and medium-sized enterprises, which have been hit particularly hard by the financial crisis.
 
The remedy lies in robust output growth. But without strong policies, such robust growth is not in the cards for the euro area.
 
But growth is not enough
 
Growth alone will not solve the problem, especially where high youth unemployment predates the crisis. Fortunately, the report finds, a number of labor market reforms can help reduce youth unemployment. For example, making it less costly for firms to hire workers can increase the demand for labor, thus reducing unemployment. In particular, it might be helpful to ensure that minimum wages are set taking into account other wages in a country. Because of their relatively low skills and experience, young workers are likely to be hired at minimum wages, and would be priced out of the labor market if the wages they are paid are high relative to those applicable to the rest of the work force.
 
Employment structures where some workers are on temporary contracts with low job protection while others are on highly protected permanent contracts add to youth unemployment because young workers tend to fall in the former category. Given the large-scale job destruction that has already taken place during the crisis, policymakers should aim to reduce this labor market duality by easing protection on permanent jobs. Finally, vocational training to enhance job readiness and skills and well designed cost-effective active labor market policies to support the unemployed and help them transition to jobs can also moderate high youth unemployment.
 
Multifaceted solutions
 
A complex problem requires a complex solution. The answer to high youth unemployment lies in jumpstarting economic growth and implementing labor market reforms.
 
A revival of growth requires strong support for output demand across the euro area. This includes support for private investment through accommodative monetary policy, a concerted effort to clean up bank balance sheets to revive credit, an increase in public investment in countries that can afford it, and a broad range of reforms in product and labor markets.

S&P 500 erases early losses to end flatS&P 500 erases early losses to end flat
Reuters
Tweet
December 10, 2014:  
The S&P 500 ended nearly flat on Tuesday as concerns about global weakness and political turmoil were offset by gains in technology and energy shares.
The index managed to nearly erase a 1.3 per cent decline from earlier in the day, moving more than 26 points to its high of the day from its low.
Energy, tech shares
Energy and technology shares boosted the market and the Nasdaq ended the day higher. Apple shares climbed 1.5 per cent to $114.12, giving the Nasdaq and S&P 500 their biggest boost. Small-cap stocks also bounced, with the Russell 2000 index gaining 1.8 per cent.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the New York Stock Exchange by a ratio of 1.53 to 1. Still, the number of NYSE stocks making new 52-week lows was 255, compared with just 117 new highs.
“The market in general is digesting a very big move since its October 15 low,’’ said Adam Sarhan, chief executive of Sarhan Capital in New York. “Less than two months ago we were flat for the year, so investors are hypersensitive to potential downdrafts in the market at this stage in the game.’’
Greece bailout
Greece unnerved investors after the government brought a presidential vote forward in a political gamble that raised uncertainty over the country’s transition out of its bailout.
Brent crude rebounded to settle up 1 per cent after hitting a fresh five-year low of $65.29. Oil prices have been under pressure as the dollar strengthened and OPEC decided against an output cut, with Brent down more than 40 per cent from its June high.
The S&P energy index ended up 0.9 per cent after losing 3.9 percent on Monday.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.28 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 17,801.2, the S&P 500 lost 0.49 points, or 0.02 per cent, to 2,059.82 and the Nasdaq Composite added 25.77 points, or 0.54 per cent, to 4,766.47.
Fed policy meet
Adding to the cautious tone was uncertainty over whether the U.S. Federal Reserve will change its pledge to keep rates near zero for a “considerable time’’ when policymakers meet next week.
US telecom stocks led losses on the S&P 500 and Dow on concerns about an industry price war. Verizon Communications warned that promotions in its wireless business would bite into its fourth-quarter profit.
The S&P telecom index lost 3.2 per cent, while Verizon shares fell 4 per cent to $46.92.
About 7.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 6.5 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The S&P 500 is up 10.6 per cent from its October 15 close and is up 11.4 per cent for the year so far.
US-listed shares of Seadrill gained 5.2 per cent to $12.17. John Fredriksen, the biggest owner of the offshore driller, purchased another 1.3 million shares in the firm to raise his stake to 24.15 per cent.
After the bell, shares of Yum Brands fell 4.6 per cent to $71.80 following its forecast for next year.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

With plans to invest $2 bn  iPhone maker Foxconn eyes Nokia s Chennai plantYou are here: Home > Collections > Micromax
With plans to invest $2 billion in India, iPhone maker Foxconn keen on Nokia's Chennai plant
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(The telecom & IT ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Foxconn, which makes iPhones and iPads for Apple and the Kindle for Amazon, has emerged as a possible buyer for Nokia's defunct Chennai factory as the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer looks to invest around $2 billion in India. This comes within weeks of fast-growing domestic handset maker Lava being reported to be interested in acquiring the plant, once the world's biggest phone-making facility.
In a related development, the telecom and IT ministry has proposed to the revenue department that Nokia be allowed to sell the plant, currently frozen in a tax dispute, without passing on the legal liability to the buyer, people familiar with the matter told ET.
"The proceeds from the sale (of the plant) could be deposited into an escrow account, which, upon the final court ruling, can go to the winner," a senior government official told ET. "The current dispute, as it stands, is lose-lose for both parties. Nokia can't sell, but if the plant and machinery goes to waste, the tax department will also not be able generate anything out of it."
He was referring to the dispute, now in court, between Nokia and the government that prevented the Finnish company from transferring the factory to Microsoft as part of a global $7.2-billion deal to sell its devices business to the US company. The factory closed after Microsoft decided to stop using it from November 1 as a contract manufacturer for its devices, putting thousands out of work.
The telecom and IT ministry has already held discussions with the revenue department on the matter, the official added. Foxconn is looking at investing around $2 billion in India, which would include the plant, according to people familiar with the matter. "What makes Foxconn's investment plans even stronger is that one of its chief Indian clients, Micromax, is believed to have expressed its intention of sourcing as much as 25% of production if Foxconn were to take over the plant," one of them said.
Micromax's current lineup of handsets is made by Foxconn, mostly in mainland China. Moreover, Foxconn's unit that was serving as a vendor to the Nokia plant has been hit by its closure. A purchase by Foxconn could see this unit get a new lease of life, possibly re-employing many who were forced to retire or got laid off, the people said. Foxconn India mainly made mobile phone panels for Nokia India and set up shop in the Special Economic Zone near Chennai about eight years ago.
Apart from Apple and Amazon, Foxconn's clients include brands such as Hewlett-Packard, Dell and Microsoft's Xbox. Foxconn didn't respond to ET's emailed queries while Micromax refused to comment on "speculations". "We don't comment on market speculations. However, we will definitively consider any options that subscribe to Make in India opportunities," said a spokesperson for Micromax. Nokia confirmed it had been approached by parties interested in buying the Chennai facility.
"But due to confidentiality reasons we will not comment further on this topic," a spokesperson said in an email.
A deal to sell the plant, once regarded as a showpiece of India's manufacturing capabilities, to Foxconn will act as a boost for the government's Make in India initiative. "We are trying to promote India as an electronics manufacturing hub and the Chennai plant is a great opportunity for us to leverage," said the official cited above.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Airtel rallies after TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fineYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Bharti Airtel rallies after TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fine
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Bharti Airtel Ltd rallied…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel Ltd rallied as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside penalty notices of Rs 650 crore slapped on Bharti Airtel. The stock however slipped into red later in the day.
The tribunal on Tuesday stayed the penalty notices while allowing petitions of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India challenging the telecom department's move.
At 09:45 a.m.; Bharti Airtel was trading 0.34 per cent lower at Rs 353.05. It hit a low of Rs 352.3 and a high of Rs 362 in trade today.
Calling the penalties disproportionate to the violations, the TDSAT chided the telecom department for imposing the harshest penalty possible under the licence conditions, ET reported.
"Under subscriber local dialling service, a subscriber while roaming could prefix a code before dialing a number and could forgo payment of roaming charges. DoT accused Airtel and Vodafone of causing loss to BSNL, whom they would have to otherwise pay charges," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UBS upgrades SKS Microfinance; stock up 5%SKS Microfinance gains after UBS upgrade
Reuters Dec 10, 2014, 09.51AM IST
Tags:
CAGR
(SKS Microfinance surged…)
SKS Microfinance surged as much as 4.92 per cent after UBS initiated stock with "buy" rating and put a price target of Rs 500.
Non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, UBS said. UBS is expecting FY15-17 earnings CAGR of 66 per cent for SKS.
At 9:47 a.m., the stock was up 4.46 per cent or Rs 364.50 on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pincon Spirit s board meeting on December 19  2014Dec 10, 2014, 09.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pincon Spirit's board meeting on December 19, 2014
Pincon Spirit Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 19, 2014, to discuss the Launch of its new brand of product i.e.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pincon Spirit's board meeting on December 19, 2014
Pincon Spirit Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 19, 2014, to discuss the Launch of its new brand of product i.e.
Post your opinion here
 
Pincon Spirit Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 19, 2014, inter alia, to discuss the following matter:1. The Launch of its new brand of product i.e. "Whiskey in Regular Segment" in the Brand Name of "Odisha's Choice" in the State of Odisha.2. Finalization of the strategy and date of the Launch.3. Finalization of Price of the product.Source : BSE

Correction in markets should not be temporary: Hemindra HazariCorrection in markets should not be temporary: Hemindra Hazari
TDSAT sets aside fine on Airtel  VodafoneTDSAT sets aside fine on Airtel  Vodafone
Satyarthi  Malala to formally receive Nobel Peace PrizeSatyarthi  Malala to formally receive Nobel Peace Prize
Reliance Capital gains 2%  co may sell stake in Yatra.comReliance Capital gains 2%  co may sell stake in Yatra.com
Oil prices down in Asian tradeOil prices down in Asian trade
Sensex  Nifty Edge Lower; Metal Stocks ReboundSensex  Nifty Edge Lower; Metal Stocks Rebound
Trend deciding level for day is 27 906/8 372: Angel BrokingTrend deciding level for day is 27 906/8 372: Angel Broking
Richard Verma confirmed as next US envoy to IndiaRichard Verma confirmed as next US envoy to India
US Congress reaches deal for $1.1 tn US spending billUS Congress reaches deal for $1.1 tn US spending bill
Australia announces $165 million contribution to climate fundAustralia announces $165 million contribution to climate fund
CGN Power shares leap 20% on Hong Kong debutAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Director Quantum SecuritieDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Modi may be an agent of change  but he has to reshape an entire oceanWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
Why Arun Shourie
Arun Shourie, minister in the previous NDA government, added depth and intellect to the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Cabinet. He kickstarted the disinvestment programme in India and handled critical economic ministries such as commerce and industry and communications and
information technology. Known for his forthright views, he believes there is an urgent need to undertake governance reforms that percolate
down to the last denomination of the government’s interface with the public.
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: What do you think about the government and the buzz around PM Narendra Modi’s style of functioning?
I don’t want to use harsh words but the  consensus seems to be that when all is said and done, more is said than done. I am sure sincere efforts are being made and they may yield results, but as Akbar Allahabadi said, ‘Plateon ke aane ki awaaz toh aa rahi hai, khaana nahin aa raha (The  plates’ sound can be heard but the food is not coming).’
Harish Damodaran: Why is the food not coming?
In every government, including this one, the focus is on announcing new schemes. Each scheme adds a task to the hands of the government/state. People in office think their marks will depend on the number of schemes they have announced. Yet, in spite of all the talk, we do not attach importance to the state—its functioning, personnel, institutions, rules, etc. With the kind of personnel any government in India chooses for institutions, does it show they attach importance to the state? We always think of reforms as one scheme—GST aayega ya nahin, insurance Bill pass hoga ya nahin. But the real theme of reforms has been to reduce the role of the state in our lives. We continue to do the opposite. That’s why things don’t happen. And rationalisations develop for this. An article commented on Mr Modi’s Cabinet. It said there is the Pareto rule that says institutions and governments are run only by 20%. You only need 20% who are good. So,
we seem to think of putting good persons in only two-three ministries.
Even today, the main instrument relied on is bureaucracy. But bureaucracy is not what it was 30-40 years ago, you don’t have LK Jhas or BK Nehrus. A civil servant I met recently said: ‘I am going to retire in 15-20 months. Ten years after my retirement, I will be subjected to some CBI inspector. So, why should I take a decision? Let the minister take it.’ Thirdly, you could still rely on civil services but induct experts. But that can only be effective if you put them not in decorative advisory positions but in decisive ones.
Dilip Bobb: So you don’t think Modi is an agent of change?
He may be an agent of change as an individual. But no matter how big your oar is, you have to change, reshape an ocean. It’s not just about simplifying reforms. The depth and pervasiveness of reforms has to be great. To reform, say, the CBI, you can’t just change the director, but the training of persons who are at the cutting edge—the inspector, the investigating officer. How long will it take to do that?
Same is with the the lower judiciary. In November last year, a policeman came to our home with a non-bailable warrant of arrest for my wife—if she didn’t report at 10 am in a Faridabad court the next day, she would get a five-year punishment. Shocked, I asked why. He said she refused summons five times. But I said we got no summons. He offered no explanation. At the court, I asked the woman magistrate why an arrest warrant was issued for my wife. She said she refused summons. I said we got none. She said, ‘Sometimes our people don’t deliver summons and write they have been refused.’
She said we were sent summons for building an ‘illegal’ farmhouse and asked if we had a plot in the Aravallis. I said the plot was registered in our name for a few months. We needed money to build a house near Pune, so we sold it. We didn’t place a single brick there. The public prosecutor said, ‘Yes, it’s not their plot and they have built nothing there.’ The judge, however, said: ‘But now the process has begun. I can give your wife bail but only till the next hearing when she has to appear physically.’
So, my wife is out on bail for refusing summons which were not served, for building a house which we have not built on a plot which we don’t own. The lady magistrate has gone, a new person has come. He says, ‘I know you have done nothing. But if I let you off, people will say it was done under political pressure or that you’ve paid me.’
So the reform has to be much deeper. When people assume office, they forget how deeply the system has to be changed. They get surrounded by an impenetrable fog of self-satisfaction. And media makes the fog more dense. Their photographs are everywhere. The industrialists says you are ‘almighty’s gift to us’. I am told secretaries have started speaking this way. They think change has already come. Our job is to keep them awake.
Amitabh Sinha: Going by high-pitched campaigns like Swachh Bharat, cleaning Ganga, or reviving Sanskrit, what do you make of the priorities of this government?
Swachhta is a wonderful idea. It involves both society and the state in cleaning public spaces. If the state succeeds in generating a movement, it would be very good. On Sanskrit, there is the either/or thinking—similar to over the three-year vs four-year courses at Delhi University. What is the fault of those who are learning German? If you are so keen, introduce Sanskrit as an optional subject, then increase the capacity to learn… Maybe a lot of YouTube videos, CDs… Over three-four years, introduce the whole thing. It becomes a painless transition.
Rakesh Sinha: What do you make of the move to dismantle the planning commission?
Dr YV Reddy had said that throughout, even when it was not a great intellectual resource, the Planning Commission was regarded as a referee between the Centre and states. But the perceived proximity between Manmohan Singh and Montek Singh Ahluwalia made the Planning Commission look like an instrument of the Centre. So, it lost credibility.
The Planning Commission had asked me to write a paper on reform. I had interviewed officers and asked them to characterise the commission. Somebody said ‘a parking lot’, another said ‘gaushala (cowshed)’. I told an officer that his colleague had called the Commission a gaushala. He said, ‘A gaushala has cows that give milk. This is a place for derelict cows.’ So, if you appoint such personnel, the institution loses credibility. You could improve the commission by getting the best personnel.
Mr Modi’s presumption, I think in this case, was formed by the resentment of the previous 10 years as a CM against the commission.
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: Do you see the current government as an extension of Modi’s campaign—one person at the top and the Cabinet not very varied or delivering governance at the doorstep?
India is diverse and very large. I am using the words of a very big man, whose name I cannot tell you. ‘It is not a municipality, it is the federal government of India,’ he said. It cannot be run by small numbers.
Raj Kamal Jha: One of the most visible things Modi has done is on the diplomatic front—his visits to the US, China, Australia, Japan. How do you view India’s international relations under the new government?
Modi certainly thinks on a different scale, and laterally. I remember his phrase: ‘Arrey, yeh theek nahi hai, kuch dhamakedaar idea do (This is not okay, give a bombastic idea).’ You can see that in foreign policy: one is emphasis on neighbours, and secondly, looking at China. I endorse that, but it should be done at a lower profile. If you look at it from the Chinese viewpoint, all these are acts of provocation. If you want to provoke them, you have to be prepared for the backlash. In Japan, Shinzo Abe has a stridently anti-Chinese rhetoric. Vietnam is in non-lethal conflict with China. I am all for alliances and intelligence exchanges with them, but don’t rub it in the face of China. What has China done? Without any fanfare, they signed an MoU with Nepal for the development of districts. They have announced $65 billion for development of infrastructure in Pakistan. We are going all over the world (talking) about our acquisitions and orders. I fear we are doing things with a visibility, which will provoke China.
Surabhi: Critics say there is intellectual paucity in the government—no Planning Commission or PM’s Economic Advisory Council.
Three PMs valued ideas as ideas: Panditji (Jawaharlal Nehru), Narasimha Rao and Atal Bihari Vajpayee. The others seemed to be practical men. Maybe that is what India needs, but ideas are also necessary.
Rajgopal Singh*: What is your opinion on age limit for political appointments at the Centre?
I am past 72 or 73, but I felt this is the wrong criterion even when I was younger. Sanjay and Rajiv Gandhi were young men. What did they do? The two biggest reformers in India, Narasimha Rao and Vajpayee, were older men. Look at a person’s capacity to contribute.
Harish Damodaran: The PMO interacts with the secretaries and the ministers are nowhere. Is it sustainable—ministers with no power and bureaucrats all powerful?
The first part may be correct, but not the second. I had taken up this view with  Mr Modi before the formation of the government, that given the quality of people the electoral system throws up, he would have to ensure direct contact with secretaries who would, generally speaking, be better than ministers. But do secretaries know how much they can decide? I don’t know. Do ministers know how much they can decide? I don’t know. What is the limit? Can they appoint directors on their own to Coal India, to Air India, to banks? Under Vajpayee, you would be given a charge and could do anything.
Praveen Swami: This government has announced grand schemes but has not given out details about their execution. Do you believe there is a lack of vision or do you believe a few people close to the government saying there is a great deal going on?
A PM can only give a sense of direction, he can symbolically do a few acts so others take it up. But if the others are uncertain about what they can take up, then details do not get worked out. Maybe it is a reflection of that. Such campaigns have to be carried to the toilet on the road. But maybe the transport ministry doesn’t know, so they don’t work out the details.
About the 100 smart cities, by now, we should have been told the essence of smartness… In the case of Swachh Bharat, we should not look upon it and ask whether Modi will succeed or fail. Then it becomes merely Modi’s campaign.
Abhishek Angad*: How do you think the government is handling issues about Muslims?
I agree with Modi’s general approach, which is to provide facilities across the board, not on the basis of caste or religion. Whenever we provide benefit based on a criterion other than economic, politics is played around it. Development requires focus, and Modi has to ensure that focus, which means you must also control the fringe elements. You cannot talk development in Delhi and love jihad in Muzaffarnagar. It distracts. If love jihad was so dangerous, how did the phenomenon stop after voting?
Ajay Shankar: The Modi wave still seems to be prevailing. When and how will there be a reality check?
The reduction of oil prices has put blinkers on people’s eyes and has delayed a reality check. Otherwise, by now, with the fiscal deficit and diminishing oil prices, if for the first seven-eight months the targeted deficit would have been consumed, a reality check would have come. As Swaminathan Aiyar said, it’s not just achhe din, but also achhe sitare.
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: Would you accept a role in government if offered?
Nobody offers me, what to do? (Laughs.) Faiz Ahmad Faiz had said, ‘Kuch hum hi ko nahin ehsaan uthane ka dimaag, woh jab aate hain mail-ba-karam aate hain (I did not want to take on another obligation, whenever she came, she came determined to endow her favours on me)’.
Ajay Shankar: What happened during the famous pre-government meeting of yours?
The post-government meeting should also be famous. First newspapers give you the job, then next day say you are disappointed (laughs). I’m neither appointed, nor disappointed.
*EXIMS student Transcribed by Aslesha and Saikat Bose
TAGS: Idea Exchange
More from economy

Shopping: A click apartSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
WHEN XIAOMI made its Redmi 1S smartphone available on Flipkart, its exclusive retail partner in India, for sale for the sixth time on October 16, it managed to sell 1,00,000 units in just 4.2 seconds. That was the first time the Beijing-based company had made those many units of the popular entry-level Android smartphone up for grabs in the country.
The company’s budget Redmi 1S smartphone followed in the footsteps of Mi3, another hotseller from Xiaomi, breaking sales records with the entire inventory going out of stock within seconds in flash sales. As per a leading market researcher, Xiaomi has now replaced Huawei, a Chinese tech company, to become the world’s third-largest mobile phone vendor in terms of smartphones sold. It managed to sell 19 million smartphones in Q3 this year to leave behind Huawei that sold 16.8 million smartphones in the same period.
So what is this new buzz all about? As per industry observers, an important part of Xiaomi’s success has been the difficulty in getting its smartphones, with the measurement of sales for the company going in units per seconds rather than units per quarter. Xiaomi, which has expanded to eight markets in Asia, started selling phones in India in July exclusively through Flipkart, a strategy that has apparently taken the industry by storm.
It’s not that this marketing ploy is new. Flipkart started the trend with tech giant Motorola when the latter launched its Moto G smartphone in India in February. Motorola was among the first players in the world’s second-most populous market to exclusively adopt the online route to sell its devices. Since then, Motorola has launched several other devices—like its phones Moto E and Moto X (their second-generation models are also out in the market now), the Moto 360 smartwatch—exclusively on Flipkart. As per sources in Flipkart, Motorola has already sold more than two million smartphones since their launch.
“Exclusive associations (with brands) play a very significant role, as they help us create brand recall among customers. They also contribute towards further establishing our leadership as a strategic partner for all national and international brands interested in making a mark in India’s e-commerce industry,” says Michael Adnani, VP, retail, and head, brand alliances, Flipkart.
E-commerce is creating a lucrative market for brands that are looking for ways to increase customer engagement, Adnani explains. “The lack of boundaries, the growing base of people who have access to the Internet through affordable smartphones along with the ease of distribution that online channels offer over offline modes are all adding to the e-commerce wave,” he adds.
Indian e-commerce is projected to explode from the current $10 billion to $43 billion by 2018, as per Nomura’s India Internet Report released in July.
Soumitra Gupta, managing director and CEO, Oplus India, which sells its smartphones and tablets exclusively through the online marketplace Snapdeal.com, explains: “Online marketing enables us to reach a pan-India audience, which is in line with our business strategy. This also enables us to give the best price to the consumer directly and cut out any middlemen. Customers can see the product online, check the specs, price, compare with other products and make an informed decision.”
Oplus has brought out two products in the market in its first year: the XonPad 7 (a seven-inch tablet) and the XonPhone 5 (a five-inch smartphone). Its aim is to reach each and every part (tier II and III cities mostly) of the country. The rural market is well included in the network that Snapdeal has created, Gupta adds.
Devita Saraf, CEO and design head of VU Technologies, another tech company taking the online-only retail route, says: “The online platform has emerged conspicuously over the last few years as one of the primary mediums to augment the reach. There are numerous players in the e-commerce domain and every player has its own positives. We have aligned with different online players depending on the relevance of our products and their individual reach.”
The California-based luxury television company sells its 50-inch and 55-inch ultra HD TVs through Snapdeal.com, while it recently tied up with Flipkart to sell its 32-inch Android LED TVs. “We have had remarkable results in terms of getting responses from distant places where we are yet to mark our presence physically. Therefore, our strategies for each product vary and on the basis of its potential, we identify our most suitable partner,” Saraf adds.
Sky is the limit
Such is the online-exclusive retail wave that companies have toyed with an array of products to enter the market. Exclusive partnerships have now gone beyond mobile phones and tablets.
Under an exclusive tie-up between publisher Rupa and Amazon, President Pranab Mukherjee’s much-awaited book, The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years, will be available to buyers only on the e-commerce major’s website for the first 21 days after its launch on December 11.
In August, author Chetan Bhagat, too, had introduced his new book Half Girlfriend on Flipkart. Around the same time, Amazon India had announced that it has won exclusive rights to sell Microsoft’s Xbox gaming consoles and titles.
Amazon India is the exclusive retail partner for Microsoft’s entire interactive entertainment business portfolio, which includes Xbox One, Xbox 360, Kinect, Xbox Live, Xbox Accessories and all Microsoft-published Xbox game titles. “We are very excited about being the partner of choice for several brands that have launched their latest offerings exclusively on our site. This response from brands and sellers is proof of the value they see in associating with us,” says Samir Kumar, director, category management, Amazon India.
Amazon India is also the exclusive partner for the Philips Disney imaginative lighting range for kids and for the Micromax Canvas Android One. “Coke had launched Coke Zero in India exclusively on our marketplace for a limited period, while Waterlily LA, a premium leather handbag brand, headquartered in Los Angeles, made its India debut exclusively on the Amazon India marketplace and is still exclusive with us,” says Kumar. In addition, Amazon India also has exclusive launch deals with GOQii, Tommy Hilfiger luggage, Timex for their weekender range of watches, Blackberry Passport, etc. Just last week, Iba Halal Care, India’s first halal and vegan cosmetics brand, launched exclusively on Amazon.
Partnering with brands to be their exclusive sales partner seems to be the flavour of the season for e-commerce companies. Sometime ago, online marketplace major Snapdeal partnered with the Fashion Design Council of India (FDCI) to foray into the premium designer-wear segment. ‘The Designer Studio’ brings the finest designer labels to its customers, including names like Malini Ramani, Manish Arora, Ashish Soni, Varun Bahl and Samant Chauhan.
Prior to its grand opening in the national capital on November 9, American fast food restaurant chain Burger King teamed up with eBay allowing consumers to pre-order a ‘Whopper’ burger online for R128. Customers had the opportunity to place an order on eBay for a vegetarian, mutton or chicken Whopper between November 3 and 5. After receiving a voucher via courier, they could go to the store to receive their Whopper. As per Burger King, 540 chicken, 380 mutton and 240 vegetarian Whoppers were pre-ordered since the start of the promotional campaign.
“At eBay India, it is our constant endeavour to provide our customers with the largest, widest and the most unique products on our platform. We are the largest online shopping mall in the country with over three crore products from 2,000 categories across electronics, lifestyle, media and collectibles,” says Vidmay Naini, director and business head, eBay India.
With a global customer base of over 152 million logging on to eBay from 201 countries—including 4,500 cities, towns and villages in India—the online marketplace has found a ready platform for merchants of all sizes to explore the online route as part of their multi-channel strategy, adds Naini.
Niggling issues
However, as the industry saw in the recent past, not everything has been hunky-dory—ensuring stock is one of the major challenges several e-com sites are facing. In case of the Moto G, Flipkart struggled to ensure an uninterrupted supply. An unpredictable demand was apparently one of the reasons behind the interruption. Flipkart did try to fix that issue with the launch of the Moto E. However, many consumers were left disappointed after seeing frequent ‘out-of-stock’ signs and long waiting periods. Such instances lead many consumers to visit brick-and-mortar stores, where, because of the offers galore, they end up buying some other product instead.
The fact remains that the adoption of the e-commerce platform will continue to grow at a rapid pace and more and more Indian consumers will experience the convenience of shopping online, says Adnani of Flipkart. “This platform is still very young and is going through many growing pains, including some of the technology challenges we have experienced in the recent past. However, e-commerce in India will continue to mature and today’s challenges will eventually fade away, leaving us with an efficient platform that offers the largest selection of products known to India, offered at the most affordable prices combined with a delightful and convenient way to shop.”
With respect to inventory challenges, it is important to point out that the burden of managing demand has always been and will continue to be on the brand’s side, says Adnani of Flipkart. “It is always a challenge for a brand to predict consumer demand in a new and growing market, independent of the platform they choose to sell on. We are confident that our rich data will help improve levels of inventory and guide brands to do a better job of forecasting future demands,” he adds.
“The convenience and product range that customers find online are the major reasons that customers prefer to shop online. While glitches dent consumer confidence, they help marketplaces to forecast demand better and beef up their processes to tackle such situations better in the future and regain the lost consumers’ faith in the industry on a micro as well as a macro level,” says Naini of eBay India.
However, Gupta of Oplus India clarifies: “We have never faced a problem where the customer has complained of not getting a product after placing an order on Snapdeal because we run an efficient supply chain. Ever since we started selling our products, we have never listed out of stock items or excess quantities, which ultimately led to what happened in the case of Flipkart recently.” Hope that doesn’t happen again.
We are excited about being the partner of choice for several brands that have launched their latest offerings exclusively on our site. This response from brands and sellers is proof of the value they see in associating with us – Samir Kumar, Director, Category management, Amazon India.
Exclusive associations (with brands) play a very significant role, as they help us create brand recall among customers. They also contribute towards further establishing our leadership as a strategic partner for brands – Michael Adnani, VP, retail, and head, brand alliances, Flipkart.
With a global customer base of 152 million, eBay has found a ready platform for merchants to explore the online route as part of their multi-channel strategy – Vidmay Naini, director and business head, eBay India
TAGS: Ecommerce Flipkart
More from companies

New players  technology push growth in radio cab sectorWritten by George Mathew | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:17 am
Although the radio and mobile taxi segment constitutes only 5 per cent of the Indian taxi market, the segment is witnessing a significant growth with competition hotting up and new players and technology making an entry every now and then.
“The radio taxi segment posted a 35 per cent compounded annual growth rate in the last five years. We expect this to continue in the next five years,” said Sidhartha Pahwa, CEO, Meru Cabs. The segment has four or five big players (Meru, Ola, Easy Cabs and Bookmycab) and similar number of medium players. The list is growing. “We have around 10,000 cabs operating daily while the industry as a whole has around 50,000 cabs. There’s a mushrooming growth of new players,” he said.
Pahwa added that the action is now in the digital space. “We get around 60 per cent of the bookings through the digital space now. We have seen that the younger generation prefers radio taxi and cashless transactions ,” he said.
Anand Subramanian, director — marketing communication, Ola, “We are growing at a rate of 40 per cent month on month and have over 42,000 cabs in our platform across 26 cities we operate in. We are expanding at a rate of 5-7 cities per month and our plan is to be present across 100 cities by the end of FY16.”
Some companies like Ola and Meru have launched low-cost services. There are companies like Taxiforsure which has signed up normal taxis under its umbrella. Leading companies don’t own taxis but provide software and trained driver-owners with KYC safeguards. How do they ensure safety? “We ensure that the partner driver who is using our software should pass the stringent compliance check of his personal and professional papers. Each and every ride of ours is tracked and all the records are maintained meticulously. Traceability is paramount for us. We also have a continuous ride feedback from customers to keep a high quality experience,” Subramanian said.
Pahwa said some customers have switched over from owning cars to radio taxis in view of the cost and other advantages. For example, a car owner spends around Rs 40,000-45,000 per month directly or indirectly on the car. This includes Rs 15,000 for the EMI, Rs 10,000-12,000 on the driver, Rs 8,000-10,000 for fuel and Rs 3,000-5,000 for maintenance. “A car owner drives 1,200 per month. This works out to Rs 33 per km. For a radio taxi service, the running cost per km is around Rs 20,” he said.
On the new technology, Subramanian said, “The mobile app shows the available cabs nearby and allots a cab, which is closest to the customer and provides him with navigation to reach the customer without having to call for directions. Customers can also book a cab later by setting the date and time.”

SpiceJet shares tank on fund scarcity  flight cancellationsSpiceJet shares tank on fund scarcity, flight cancellations
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
Shares of budget carrier SpiceJet tumbled nearly 13 per cent in early trade today amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
SpiceJet’s stock tanked 12.85 per cent to Rs 13.90 on the BSE. Later, the stock recovered some of the lost ground and ended the session down by 4.39 per cent at Rs 15.25.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA had last week withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear the salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier’s pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources have said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a “going concern’’.
The Civil Aviation Minister, Ashok Gajapathi, Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
“We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing.
(With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned,” Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on back-foot amid reports that the Airport Authority of India has put it on cash-and-carry payment mode.
In a clarification, SpiceJet in a filing to the BSE today said: “We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a ‘Cash-and-Carry’ payment mode with the Airports Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media.”
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net loss for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore, which is down from Rs 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Sensex tanks 339 points on stake sale in Infosys  weak global cuesSensex tanks 339 points on stake sale in Infosys, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 8:  
Indian shares posted their biggest fall in 7-1/2 weeks as IT services exporter Infosys Ltd slumped after its founders sold the company's stock, while metals and mining firms tumbled on data showing an unexpected fall in imports to China.
The BSE benchmark Sensex plummeted 338.70 points or 1.19 per cent at 28,119.40 and the NSE index fell 100.05 points or 1.17 per cent at 8,438.25.
IT, TECk stocks succumbed to heavy selling pressure as some of the founders of Infosys want to sell shares for $1.1 billion in the company.
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of Rs. 1,988 ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close.
There appears to be no reason to sell Infosys stock since these promoters were not involved in the operations anyway.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 8, 2014
Sectoral indices
Barring FMCG, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the red. Among them, IT index fell the most by 3.18 per cent, followed by TECk 2.58 per cent, realty 1.8 per cent and capital goods 1.72 per cent, while FMCG index was up 0.78 per cent.
Gainers, losers
Coal India (2.2%), ITC (1.63%), Sun Pharma (0.91%), ONGC (0.63%) and Cipla (0.61%) were the top five Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Infosys (4.88%), SSLT (3.6%), M&M (3.32%), Hindalco (2.51% and TCS (2.51%).
Brokers comment
A report by SMC Investments and Advisors said: "Asian stocks rose after a surprising surge in US payrolls increased optimism about the world's largest economy and sent the yen tumbling, boosting Japanese shares. Consumer credit in the US rose by less than expected in the month of October, according to a report released by the Federal Reserve. The Fed said consumer credit increased by $13.2 billion in October after climbing by a revised $15.4 billion in September."
Global markets: European stocks and government bonds dipped on Monday as weak data from Asia, a rating downgrade for Italy and the slump in oil prices stoked concerns about global growth.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Overweight on Bata with target price of Rs 1 556:Barclays‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
Initiate coverage on Bata with an ‘overweight’ rating  and a P/E based price target of R1,556 per share. Bata trades at a 20% P/E discount to peers, and we believe margin pressures are already priced in. We value Bata at a target multiple of 30x and expect valuations to be aided by improving growth visibility  and rising returns. We believe the company offers investors strong exposure to the parent company as well.
Three key steps adopted by Bata to improve its brand positioning and placing it strongly vs peers are: 1) increasing its focus on the outsourcing model in a labour-intensive industry; 2) rationalising the number of employees and opening new format stores (K-stores) and 3) closing down less profitable stores and refurbishing existing ones.
Our 10% realisation growth over CY13-16e is driven by Bata’s focus on premium leather products versus plastic and rubber earlier; in-sourcing of global brands, especially at the premium end,  and increases in the retail area per store.
We expect near-term pressures on margins from rising ad spend and rental costs, but this is already built into our 30 bps decline over CY13-15e. However, we expect improving product mix and rising operating leverage to provide a strong structural support in the medium term.
By Barclays
TAGS: Bata India
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Maintain buy on DCB with target of Rs 120: Kotak InstitutionalEquities‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
Our recent interaction with the management of DCB Bank offers comfort that implementation is broadly on track with what was indicated earlier. With a healthy tier-1 ratio, low impairment-related issues and a stable revenue profile, the bank has been steadily growing its balance sheet by 25% CAGR in recent years with a large part of revenue invested back in expanding the bank’s presence. We like the bank’s execution skills and maintain it as our preferred small-cap idea despite strong outperformance. Maintain ‘buy’ with target price changed to R120 from R105.
Loan growth is likely to remain close to current levels with greater emphasis on retail and the large corporate segment. Changes in lending in the SME portfolio is hurting growth though there should be a gradual increase in contribution over the next few years. Within retail, mortgages will continue to grow and recent branch expansion has helped the bank to disburse other retail products, especially those compliant with priority-sector loans.
We believe that expecting an improvement in CASA ratio at this stage of the growth cycle would be quite premature as there is sharper focus on the assets side of the balance sheet and investing a large share of revenue back in the business. We are factoring a decline in CASA ratio in the medium term. However, building a strong liability franchise would require a much higher scale, size of net worth and products/services, especially for the current account, while the bank would have to invest in the brand, especially for retail customers.
Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: DCB Bank
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Commodities aid taxrevenue'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Even as prices of many commodities are hovering around five-year lows globally, India’s customs duty collections are unlikely to be affected much as higher imports are expected to make up for the potential loss of revenue due to any dip in the prices, reports Banikinkar Pattanayak in New Delhi. According to the latest commerce ministry data, key items other than gold, which attract customs duties, witnessed higher imports in the April-October period from a year before, as the economy showed some signs — albeit fragile — of a pick-up this fiscal and as traders sought to take advantage of lower prices globally.
Although higher imports may help, these may not be enough to salvage the situation for the government as analysts believe its ambitious targets of a 20.3% rise in indirect tax and 15.3% in customs duty collections for this fiscal may be missed. At 5.9%, the rise in the customs duty mop-up in the last fiscal was the lowest since 2009-10, which helped drive down the overall indirect tax collection growth to a four-year low of just 9.5% in 2013-14.
Already, the collection of indirect taxes grew just 5.6% during the April-October period from a year earlier, while that of customs duty rose 7.5%. Excise duty collections, another important component of indirect taxes, also declined by 1.2% until October this fiscal to Rs 88,330 crore.
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

A new app that lets you make unlimited free callsA new app that lets you make unlimited free calls
IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sun 7 Dec, 2014
Print
New York: A new app has made it possible to make calls on landline and cell phones for free in 85 countries.
Call+ app lets you make free calls to landline and mobile phones alike without anyone needing the app at the other end, CNET reported.
Available for Android and iOS devices, Call+ lets you call both landlines and mobiles and it shows your existing phone number as the caller ID.
You can make unlimited free calls to anyone in the continental US and landlines in Mexico, China and Brazil.
But if you want to call a different country, you have two options.
You can buy one day of unlimited-calling service for 99 cents, two days for $1.99 and a month for $19.99.
Unlike smartphone apps that need both phones to have the app installed, the Call+ app allows free voice calls even to phones without the app.
Call+ also allows users to complete various "partner" offers in exchange for days of service.
Signing up with dating service Zoosk can earn you seven days or buying a customised holiday ornament from Personal Creations can earn you seven days.
Earning many of the offers only requires users to spend some more time, the report added.
Recommend

Bond yield slips below repo  may herald a rate cutBond yield slips below repo, may herald a rate cut
Saikat Das, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 01.39AM IST
(The sovereign yield had…)
MUMBAI: Corporate borrowing costs are finally set to dip as the government benchmark bond yields have slipped below the repo rate for five consecutive trading sessions — a signal for future rate cuts — after the Reserve Bank of India presented a dovish monetary policy last week. Repo is the rate at which banks borrow from the central bank at 8% currently.
Bond yield and price move in the opposite direction. "The RBI is unlikely to intervene to keep yields above the repo rate," said R Sivakumar, head of fixed income at Axis Mutual Fund. "Yields trading below the repo points to policy rate cut in the next few months as it was evident in the past as well." During January-March in 2012 before the succeeding April rate cut, the ten-year benchmark yield was traded at about 20-25 basis points lower than the repo rate at 8.50% then. A basis point is one hundredth of a percentage point.
Similarly, in January 2013, the sovereign yield had slipped about 15 bps lower than the repo rate before RBI cut the policy rate by 25 bps to 7.75%. Currently, the benchmark yield has fallen about 5-8 bps below the repo rate, but markets are not expecting any RBI intervention to stem this slide. "The current rally is a prelude to the future rate cuts, as even a 25-bps cut will lead the 10-year bonds to the 7.75% level on anticipation of further cuts," said Ashish Vaidya, ED and head of trading, DBS Bank.
The central bank is expected to cut rates by 50 bps in the first half of the next calendar year. Most traders are going long (buying) on bonds. "When the inflation is trending lower and it is being acknowledged by the RBI, the government bond yields would extend their fall as the market is expecting a rate cut before or after February," Vaidya said.
The Reserve Bank sounded dovish in its December 2 policy — if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, the central bank had said. RBI also scotched rumours that it conducted open market operations to sell government bonds to manage long-term yields.
"OMO (open market operations) sales are no tool for managing long-term yields as the RBI governor clearly stated in the policy," Devendra Dash, a senior bond dealer at DCB Bank, said. "With advance tax approaching by December 15, no OMO bond sale is expected."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys tanks as founders sell $1-bn stakeSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
The Infosys scrip plunged on Monday after founder families sold nearly $1 billion worth of their stake in the company for “personal and philanthropic purposes” through multiple block deals in early trading hours.
After opening in red, the IT giant continued its downward move as traders learned of the block deals through which promoters liquidated close to 3.3 crore shares at a total sell value of R6,483.9 crore. The stock ended the session 4.9% at R1,968.8, near its intra-day low.
The 2.8% equity was sold at an average price of R1,988.87, a 4% discount to Friday’s close, by Deutshce Equities India, the sole manager of the deal. “…the shares were sold to institutional investors, both FIIs and domestic,” added the investment banking firm in a press release.
Exchange filings showed that shares were sold by families of NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, SD Shibulal and K Dinesh, four of the seven founding members of the second biggest IT exporter of India. The sale reduced the combined holding of the 10 family members, including the founders, from 8% to 5.1%. As of September 2014, promoters held 15.9% of the total outstanding share of Infosys.
In a television interview, Sanjay Sharma, MD & head, ECM, at Deutsche Equities, further clarified that the book was reasonably subscribed and FII participation was almost to the tune of 80% of the overall share supply. He also added that response was seen from both existing and new investors.
Indeed, the share sale could be the reason for the significant net buying figures of both FIIs and DIIs on Monday, on a day when the broader indices lost close to 1% with almost four of the five constituents having closed in red. As per provisional data on BSE, while FIIs purchased Indian equities worth R4,984.6 crore, DIIs were net buyers of R1,030.6 crore of shares.
As of the September quarter, LIC, Government of Singapore, Abudhabi Investment authority, Oppenheimer Developing Markets Fund, Venguard Emerging Market Stock Index Fund and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance company were some of the prominent shareholders of Infosys, that owned 1.5% or more in the IT major.
With the latest dilution, promoters have not only taken advantage of a sharp rally in the stock after the appointment of ex-SAP executive Vishal Sikka as CEO, but also reflected their desire to be reclassified as ‘shareholders” in the company.
In early November, Kotak Institutional Equities, in a strategy report on impending ETF rebalancing, noted that founders of Infosys are seeking appropriate regulatory guidance for reclassifying their shareholding in the company. “This development, if played out, may see Infosys’ free-float increase, thereby increasing its weight in the benchmark,” said KIE.
Monday’s market reaction notwithstanding, the Street is still likely to treat Infosys with a positive momentum, given the re-rating of the stock after Sikka’s appointment and better-than-expected September quarter numbers.
Even as the Street expect details of the organisation structure and the newly-laid strategy by Sikka, the rally in Infosys stock has narrowed the valuation gap it maintained with TCS to an eight-month low. Infosys currently trades at a one-year forward price-to-earnings multiple of 17.85.
TCS, on the other hand, commands a PE ratio of 21.45. However, a Section of the Street has started to view Infosys as an expensive counter.
Recently, Societe General and domestic brokers like Anand Rathi and Karvy Stock Broking downgraded the Infosys stock.
After an analyst meet, Citi said that while the new management’s road map for transformation is encouraging, execution remains the key as the Street awaits further details in April 2015. “With valuations at 18x FY16E, a lot of the positives appear priced in; maintain neutral,” added Citi in a note last week.
Infosys has corrected nearly 10% after touching a record high of R2,183.45 on November 28 this year even as the 1:1 bonus issue turned effective last week.
TAGS: Infosys
More from companies

Overweight on Bata with target price of Rs 1 556: Barclays‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
Initiate coverage on Bata with an ‘overweight’ rating  and a P/E based price target of R1,556 per share. Bata trades at a 20% P/E discount to peers, and we believe margin pressures are already priced in. We value Bata at a target multiple of 30x and expect valuations to be aided by improving growth visibility  and rising returns. We believe the company offers investors strong exposure to the parent company as well.
Three key steps adopted by Bata to improve its brand positioning and placing it strongly vs peers are: 1) increasing its focus on the outsourcing model in a labour-intensive industry; 2) rationalising the number of employees and opening new format stores (K-stores) and 3) closing down less profitable stores and refurbishing existing ones.
Our 10% realisation growth over CY13-16e is driven by Bata’s focus on premium leather products versus plastic and rubber earlier; in-sourcing of global brands, especially at the premium end,  and increases in the retail area per store.
We expect near-term pressures on margins from rising ad spend and rental costs, but this is already built into our 30 bps decline over CY13-15e. However, we expect improving product mix and rising operating leverage to provide a strong structural support in the medium term.
By Barclays
TAGS: Bata India
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Carlyle to sell Japan semiconductor unitCarlyle to sell Japanese semiconductor business at a loss
Kana Inagaki — Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8962f084-7ed5-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aamir s here to make sure you don t break red lights!Road transport ministry signs Aamir Khan as safety ambassador, another pro bono role
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Aamir Khan
(About four years ago, Khan…)
NEW DELHI: Aamir Khan could soon be asking drivers not to get behind the wheel if they've imbibed too heavily or admonishing them to slow down. The Bollywood star has been signed by the road transport ministry as its safety ambassador as the government looks to lower the accident rate and rein in dangerous driving.
This is not Khan's first partnership with the government in such public initiatives on a pro bono basis. He's also engaged in the Atithi Devo Bhava campaign with the tourism ministry. Khan met road transport minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday for his new role and a formal announcement is likely soon. The actor recently anchored an episode on road accidents on his Satyamev JayateTV show, in which shared his personal experience of helping a road accident victim.
About four years ago, Khan featured in a motorcycle commercial in which he urges people to drive safely rather than recklessly. "Aamir carries an amount of credibility and his sincerity is noticed. An honest effort in the messaging should get success," said Piyush Pandey , executive chairman and national creative director, Ogilvy and Mather India. Nearly five lakh accidents occur every year in India of which 25% result in fatalities or about 1.4 lakh deaths, according to road ministry statistics.
Bad design, inadequate pedestrian crossings, shoddy construction and maintenance, lack of service lanes and the rampant violation of traffic rules have led to a deadly situation on Indian roads. The road ministry estimates that the GDP growth would get a 4% boost if the efficiency and safety of road transport could be increased.
More than two lakh lives would be saved in the first five years if this were the case due to the reduction in road accident deaths, the ministry estimates. The government is also taking steps to rein in ads that glamourise high-speed driving.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Companies hike pay packages for IIT recruitsYou are here: Home > Collections
Companies hike pay packages for IIT recruits
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.18AM IST
Tags:
FICO
(Placements at the IITs have…)
Placements at the IITs have entered the second week, in a season that has seen a big surge in recruiter interest and number of offers. While colleges expect average salaries to go up by 10 per cent-15 per cent this season, at the upper end of the spectrum, companies like US network security company FireEye and California-based business analytic software company FICO have upped their packages by 64 per cent to 117 per cent since the last placements. Sreeradha D Basu and Devina Sengupta take a look at eight companies that have hiked their packages by over 20 per cent from last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt interest spurs IITs  IIMs to take Massive Open Online Course routeGovernment interest spurs IITs, IIMs to take Massive Open Online Courses Route
Anumeha Chaturvedi & Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 05.54AM IST
Tags:
IIM Calcutta
(While IIT Bombay and IIM…)
NEW DELHI: Premier institutions like the Indian Institutes of Technology and Indian Institutes of Management are planning to go the Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) way, in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi planning an ambitious launch of the Swayam Bharat programme.
While IIT Bombay (IIT-B) and IIM Bangalore have already announced the launch of MOOCs with overseas partners, IIM Calcutta (IIM-C) could be next in line, with the institute submitting a proposal to the HRD ministry. IIT Kanpur is developing its own platform for MOOCs called MOOKIT, which might soon start competing with popular international MOOC platforms like edX and Coursera.
"MOOCs and online delivery is clearly the future," says IIM-C director Saibal Chattopadhyay. IIT-B is currently trying out two courses, the basic computer programming course for undergraduates and a thermodynamics course, in the MOOCs mode. "More are planned. There have been multiple meetings with MHRD and IIT Bombay expects to be a very active partner in the government's initiative," says Narayan Rangaraj, dean — academic programmes.
Apart from working on MOOKIT that will help delivering the MOOCs, IIT Kanpur is also engaged in developing MOOCs around verticals like agriculture and computer science, says TV Prabhakar, professor at the institute.
IIT Kanpur has just wrapped up its MOOC on MOOCs programme where over 2,300 students participated and is currently offering two more MOOC programmes. It is also running a 'MOOC on Mobiles'. The interest in MOOCs among premier institutions is being attributed to a heightened interest in online education by the new government.
"It is a clear mandate from the government as in the last Budget, Rs 100 crore was allocated to online education for MOOCs and virtual classrooms," says Rohin Kapoor, senior manager (Education practice) at Deloitte. MOOCs might also help achieve the target of training 500 million people by 2022, he adds.
IIM Bangalore is planning to launch courses on the edX platform in 2015. The institute is also planning to engage around 15 per cent of its faculty to deliver MOOCs over the next two years, according to its director, Sushil Vachani.
IIM Indore and IIT Gandhinagar have been running broadband distance learning programmes and are now keen on running some courses on the MOOC platform. "We are looking forward to the creation of a MOOCs platform by MHRD, and plan to use it," says IIM Indore's director Rishikesha Krishnan. IIT Patna is planning to start flipped classrooms wherein a student can study material on MOOCs and then attend a live class anywhere in the country.
"Only to some extent do MOOCs bridge the skills gap, since it's a oneway communication. However, it can be successful in a flipped model as it will enhance learning and build a platform for collaborative discussions," says Ajai Chowdhry, founder of HCL, who also teaches at IIT Patna.
 
Like IIT Kanpur, IIT Kharagpur too is working on solutions around MOOCs. It is developing automatic programmes to grade assignments in MOOC programmes. "We are also working on 'learning analytics', which will help us track the students' pattern of learning. Both these programmes should make MOOCs more interactive," says Plaban Kumar Bhowmick, assistant professor at IIT Kharagpur's Centre for Educational Technology.
Working on MOOCs, NPTEL, which is closely working with IIT Madras, launched its first course on programming algorithms and data structures this year and will be launching eight new courses in January including humanities.
"We've also introduced the element of proctored examinations wherein students who get 50 per cent in their online examinations are eligible to sit for an exam at our centres all over the country," says Prathap Haridoss, NPTEL coordinator and professor at IIT Madras. NPTEL provides an online certification at the end of the exam, where IIT representatives act as invigilators.
IIT Guwahati (IIT-G) has proposed two courses for the Swayam Bharat Platform (managed by IIT-B). IIT-G is also partnering with IIT-M for NPTEL MOOCs. It has participated in the two courses already conducted by IIT-M under NPTEL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook offers IIT-Bombay girl Rs 2 crore packageShare More
READ MORE ON » Facebook
Her family has been celebrating ever since she broke the news. "Since I did training with Facebook in May-June in California, they were aware of my work and selected me during pre-placement," said Aastha.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
JAIPUR: IIT-Bombay student Aastha Agarwal's Facebook job offer with Rs two crore package is perhaps the highest offered to an undergrad. The 20-year-old Jaipur girl is a third-year computer science student.
Her family has been celebrating ever since she broke the news. "Since I did training with Facebook in May-June in California, they were aware of my work and selected me during pre-placement," said Aastha.
"I was supposed to develop software. They were satisfied with my work and offered me the job right away. Later, when I consented, they sent me the confirmation letter.''
She said she was eagerly waiting to complete her fourth year to join Facebook by October next year.
Aastha was earlier selected to represent India at the Junior Science International Olympiad in 2009.
Her mother, Shobha Agarwal, said her only aim was to provide better education to her daughters.
Five IIT-Bombay students had got a package of Rs 1.42 crore during campus placements earlier.
READ MORE ON » Facebook

Virender Sehwag  life beyond cricketMore
The school that Sehwag built
The plainspeaking Indian batsman is focusing on life beyond cricket, having set up an educational institution with world-class facilities for academics and sports.
By Gaurav Kalra | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 9 Dec, 2014 9:56 AM IST
Tweet
0
Life beyond cricket.Monday morning. There's mayhem on Delhi's roads. The traffic crawls as we make our way through it. "Aaj bahut jaam hai [The traffic is very bad today]," our driver complains. His boss quips from the back seat, "Toh isme pankh laga le aur udd ja. Thand rakh, koi jaldi nahi hai [So get wings installed and make the car fly. Relax, we are in no hurry.]"
Virender Sehwag settles into his spacious seat and starts to hum along as an old Hindi film tune crackles through the stereo. He is about to begin his 17th season of first-class cricket. It has been nearly two years since he last played for India. He is no longer on the radar of men who select Indian teams. In fact, they have all but ended his international career by leaving him out of the 30-man list of probables for the World Cup. No surprise, really, that the sparkle that defined his batting in its pomp only makes an occasional appearance these days.
Like that one night in this year's IPL when he caned an all-international Chennai Super Kings attack for 122 off 58 balls to take his new franchise, Kings XI Punjab, into their first final. Nights like those make his legion of fans believe there might just be another coming for Sehwag, but the man himself loses no sleep over that possibility. He misses being part of the India dressing room but it is not an all-consuming thought. Being dropped, he says, has gifted him a precious resource - time. And he is using it to pursue the other passion in his life.
We are headed to Jhajjar, 65km from Delhi. It is one of 21 districts in the northern Indian state of Haryana. The town is dotted with decrepit structures. The historically inclined may be drawn to a couple, but for the most part Jhajjar is the kind of place you pass on your way to somewhere else. Except for one building that catches your eye. The Sehwag International School.
"This is my father's dream, not mine. I never thought I could open a school," he says. "When I was growing up, I was travelling almost five hours a day for cricket coaching. My father told me, if you become a player and earn some money, open such an institution where kids can study, stay and play as well."
Krishan Sehwag died in 2007. Less than five months later, his son plundered a strong South African attack for 319 in Chennai. It was his second triple-century in Test cricket. Only three men in the history of the game have made as many. A couple of days after that innings, Sehwag got a call from the then Chief Minister of Haryana Bhupinder Singh Hooda. On offer was a piece of land to build a cricket academy in Jhajjar. His father's words resonated in Sehwag's ears. "Sir, can I make a school as well?" he asked the chief minister. "It is a bit difficult for kids to come here just to play cricket and go back."
So began this labour of love. He signed cheques from his own savings. He took loans. He spared no expense, although there was little chance of the venture breaking even in the near future. "Whatever I spend here, if I don't earn that money back, I am still living happily," he laughs. "If you think about money, you can't stop. You should be happy with what you have in life."
In 2011, Sehwag's mother finally inaugurated the school. His father's dream had come true.
Walking around the 23-acre campus, its founder's influence is all too obvious. The focus has been on providing world-class facilities for both sport and academics. "Education is the best way to give back to society," he says. "You can donate crores of rupees for causes but it won't give you the same satisfaction."
Sehwag rejected suggestions to use fancy marble to make the reception area more attractive to visitors. Instead, he invested in three types of tennis courts - grass, clay and hard. There are six cricket pitches in the nets areas and a perfectly manicured field that has already hosted Under-19 matches for state teams.
"Sport increases your stamina and strength," Sehwag says. "That is why we tell our kids to play three to four different sports. That will help you use different types of muscles and use different strategies and techniques. That is how you will develop your body and mind."
Sehwag is drawn to the cricket nets instinctively every time he comes to the school. He is careful not to "coach" specifics, because "just like me everyone has a unique style of their own". But every now and then, he talks about his experiences in the game to his wide-eyed students, who cling to every word of the earthy wisdom offered.
The coaching staff that runs the daily drills comprises men Sehwag played age-group cricket with and ones he implicitly trusts. For the kids, practice begins once the academic session for the day is over. Unlike in the days when Sehwag had to take five-hour bus journeys back and forth for an hour of training, students now simply have to walk down from their lodgings.
While Sehwag is an occasional visitor to the school because of his playing schedule, his wife, Aarti, the chairperson, handles the daily nitty-gritty. He says she has pretty much appointed him chief marketing officer. "She was the one who convinced me into talking to ESPNcricinfo about our school, since you have such a wide reach," he says.
"If you want to build something, it should last for at least 50-60 years. I never had these facilities when I was growing up." He takes this marketing role quite seriously, pointing me to a certificate that ranks the school as No. 1 among day-cum-boarding schools in the state.
Sehwag says education has always been important to him. "I wasn't a great student but I did complete my graduation," he says. "We want to prepare our students to achieve excellence in all aspects of life," he goes on. He cherishes moments when a kid or a parent says "Thank you."
One day he hopes to send his young sons to the school that bears their father's name and stamp. For now, though, the focus is to improve the infrastructure. Laboratories are under construction for the first batch of standard XI and XII students. Sehwag is looking for ways to fund a synthetic running track. While fellow cricketers are buying sports teams, opening restaurants, and lending their name to designer fashion labels, he has chosen a distinct path.
"Dreams keep changing. I first dreamt of playing for India. When I achieved that, it changed," he recalls. "Keep chasing dreams but what we keep telling our kids is that you must become good human beings rather than just good in sports or academics. If you are good at sports and not a good human being, people won't give you respect."
At 36, Sehwag knows he may not play again for India but the respect he has earned is undeniable. While the school's growth is a priority, cricket remains an important part of his life. He intends to play for "another two to three years", and chuckles that he will announce his retirement on Twitter. "Why should I invite you media guys?"
I ask him if he would be okay never to play for India again and the retort is immediate, "Whose loss?" he cheekily responds. "Does it make a difference if I score 8000 or 10,000 runs in Test cricket? Not in anybody's life. Even if I make 10,000 runs, who will be happy? Only me, maybe? Because people don't care about 8000 or 10,000 or 15,000 runs. It is about individual satisfaction."
The sun is setting over the rural landscape as we hop back into the car for the long ride back to Delhi. Virender Sehwag peers through his window as the silhouette of the school he has built begins to disappear in the distance. He is a content man.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Indias Jet Airways soars on hope oil slump willaidJet Airways gains 3.7 pct.
Shares up 64.8 pct since Nov. 25, as of Monday’s close.
Oil dives 4 pct to five-year low on oversupply worries.
Every $1/bbl fall in crude can boost company’s FY16 oper profit estimate by 4-5 pct – Analysts.
Weakness at rivals will also boost sales – Traders.
India’s SpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costs.
TAGS: Jet Airways
More from markets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Centre to urge states to fast track broadband projectYou are here: Home > Collections
Centre to urge states to help fast track national broadband project
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
ACC
(Global companies such as…)
KOLKATA: The Narendra Modi-led government will soon urge all state governments to help fasttrack the national broadband project and suggest business models for delivering citizen-centric e-services under the Digital India initiative in their respective regions. "The immediate mission is making all state governments active partners in speeding up the national broadband venture and exploring ways to leverage the highspeed internet network to deliver government e-services to the common man," a top telecom department official told ET.
Accordingly, all states will be urged to assign responsibilities to senior bureaucrats to oversee the broadband rollouts in their regions, remove bottlenecks and come up with workable network utilisation models for delivering eservices in areas such as health, education and banking.
Telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad is tipped to chair a meeting this week with senior DoT officials to thrash out a strategy to make state governments "direct stakeholders" in the national broadband project.
The new stirrings at DoT come at a stage when it is keen to involve private firms -- infrastructure providers, telcos and content developers --to hasten the national broadband network rollout, which is already three years behind schedule. More so, as it is keen to leverage the renewed interest in India's technology space among top foreign investors, especially in the US and Japan , after a debilitating image crisis, post the Vodafone retrospective tax case and the 2G telecom scam.
The national broadband network will be the backbone of the Centre's ambitious .`1.13 lakhcrore Digital India programme, through which it aims to deliver eservices to rural end-consumers, which could be homes, schools, hospitals, banks or other institutions. The decision to increase state involvement is aimed "not merely to speed up the national broadband rollout but also to create an enabling business environment, especially since some of the world's top technology firms are keen to partner with the Centre in delivering last-mile internet connectivity to the remotest corners of India," said the official quoted above.
Global companies such as Google, Facebook and Microsoft are known to be vying to deploy their alternative technologies to offer last-mile broadband links in the inaccessible parts of India to provide access to high-speed Internet. Japan's SoftBank also recently engaged in discussions with Prasad on the objectives of the Digital India initiative, although there is no immediate clarity on its possible involvement.
In the immediate term, the support of state governments will be sought to monitor the progress of cable laying, trenching and ducting operations, which is the most expensive piece of the national broadband network rollout. Eventually, "states will also be requested to expedite statutory clearances to help private companies keen on handling last-mile connectivity after the core broadband network is up and running," another government official aware of the matter told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom department to delay release of spectrum sharing guidelinesYou are here: Home > Collections
Telecom department to delay release of spectrum sharing guidelines
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.42AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(The two developments combined…)
NEW DELHI: The telecom department (DoT) is considering a delay in the release of rules on sharing and trading of spectrum until after the upcoming auctions, a development that comes on a day the highest decision-making body of the department couldn't decide on the starting prices for 2G airwaves that will be put up for sale in February.
"A section of the DoT feels that releasing the guidelines right before the auctions would depress bidding. It might be a better option to release the guidelines immediately after the auctions are over," a senior government official told ET.
The two developments combined would dampen the spirits of telecom operators hoping for an early decision by the Telecom Commission on the pricing of airwaves in the 800 MHz, 900 MHz and 1800 MHz bands. Operators were also gearing up to enter the auctions based on the knowledge of other ways to augment their bandwidth capacity, with sharing of airwaves as well as buying idle capacity from rivals being the two main options.
Operators and analysts say lack of adequate bandwidth is among the biggest issues plaguing the sector's prospects, especially as growth of data services - which needs more airwaves - surges. The Prime Minister's Office, in fact, is believed to have called a meeting of the secretaries of both the telecom and the defence ministries shortly to sort out issues related to allotment of bandwidth, a second person familiar with the matter told ET.
Both the departments have been involved in hectic talks that could lead to the defence releasing 3G spectrum in its possession for commercial use in return for 2G airwaves held by telecom. ET recently reported that the two ministries had made a partial breakthrough in their talks on 3G spectrum, with the latter agreeing to free up 5 MHz of high-speed bandwidth for commercial use in 17 of India's 22 circles, enough to accommodate one more telecom operator in those regions.
However, talks on the swap - under which defence could release enough spectrum to accommodate three more carriers (15 MHz) - are yet to be resolved. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had in October suggested Rs 2,138 crore per MHz as the starting price for spectrum in the 1,800 MHz band across India andRs 3,004 crore per MHz across 18 circles for 900 MHz, a premium band given the higher efficiencies. For 800 MHz, which is typically used by CDMA operators, the sector watchdog suggested a base price of Rs 3,104 crore per unit.
Trai is in the process of announcing its pricing proposals on 3G spectrum (2100 MHz band). Sharing and trading are also crucial elements in the efforts by key operators such as Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India and Idea Cellular to add to their bandwidth pool, without taking part in expensive auctions, while offering smaller operators such as Tata Teleservices a way to monetize their holding, and even exit the sector.
For consumers, this could mean better quality of voice services -fewer calls dropping - and faster data speeds, and could even translate into lower tariffs as operators' capital expenditure is likely to fall. The telecom regulator in its recommendations in July proposed allowing two telcos to share any category of similar spectrum in a circle, including airwaves allotted at administrative prices. It further liberalised the cap on bandwidth that can be pooled by the two spectrum holders.
Trai recommended that airwaves in all bands — be it 2G, 3G, 4G — will be sharable but both operators must have that spectrum in the same band. For instance, for two operators to share airwaves in the 900 MHz band, both must have airwaves in the same band. It has not allowed leasing of airwaves. On trading, Trai had in January recommended allowing outright transfer of spectrum by telecom companies to other operators across all bands of airwaves, as long as they were bought through auctions in 2010 or later.
As of now, only the government is allowed to allocate spectrum to telecom firms through auctions. Trai has recommended a lock-in period of two years on spectrum that a company acquires through auction or trading before it can trade in this further. The operators have been waiting for the final decision of the telecom department (read Telecom Commission) on trading and sharing of the airwaves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom department to seek Trais views on freeing up 60 GHz bandYou are here: Home > Collections
Telecom department to seek Trai’s views on freeing up 60 GHz band
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.29AM IST
Tags:
DoT
(The 2.4 GHz frequency band…)
KOLKATA: The telecom department (DoT) will shortly seek the sector regulator's views on freeing up the 60 GHz frequency band to help telcos deploy WiFi solutions such as `WiFi data offloads' to improve mobile broadband coverage in India's heaviest data consumption zones.
DoT proposes to make the 60 GHz band available for WiFi offload deployments to "address a potential spectrum crunch in the 2.4 GHz band once such services are widely deployed" by telcos through partner internet service providers (ISPs), according to an internal department note reviewed by ET.
The 2.4 GHz frequency band is currently used for delivering WiFi services. The department will also seek the views of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) on potential "changes in the licence norms and interconnect pacts of internet service providers (ISPs)" that will have to partner with mobile carriers to facilitate such WiFi offload services.
"A reference to Trai may be necessary since ISPs may be required to participate" in enabling telcos to access Wi-Fi networks, the note said. A WiFi offload is, typically, a small-cell technology that enables mobile carriers to reduce load on their networks and in turn deliver data services seamlessly to the enduser cost-effectively by riding on a partner WiFi network. This works since smartphones come pre-configured to access data services over a WiFi network in the range of a mobile network.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hirers turn to FB  Twitter to monitor prospective employeesYou are here: Home > Collections > Facebook
Hirers turn to Facebook, Twitter to monitor prospective employees
Sneha Shah & Rica Bhattacharyya, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 05.38AM IST
Tags:
Accenture
("Employers, to a great extent,…)
MUMBAI: Sachin Keshav's (name changed) rile about a past employer on his Facebook page might have earned him many likes and forwards, but it has spoilt his chances of landing a better job next time.
Keshav, a mid-level employee of an information technology firm, is among scores of prospective employees whose Facebook and Twitter accounts are under close employer scrutiny. Candidates who post radical views on various subjects apart from negative comments about previous employers face the risk of never being called for an interview or receiving job offers. Having a clean image on social media is equally important, according to executive search industry experts.
"A profile on a social medium like Facebook is normally woven in with traditional recruiting programmes. This helps HR personnel to do background checks and screen profiles of potential recruits," says Manoj Biswas, managing director, HR for Accenture in India.
Though Facebook is meant to be a leisure activity, it is important to keep a professional profile while looking out for a job. "Employers, to a great extent, have second thoughts on an individual who appears to be insensitive and tactless on such an open forum," says Biswas.
While more than 90 per cent of hiring managers use professional networking site LinkedIn as a tool to source candidates, in certain industry sectors, such as IT, more than 50 per cent of hiring managers scan candidates' profiles on Facebook and Twitter before shortlisting them.
"An online scan does not just save time, but also helps get an insight into the candidates' personality traits which is critical for assessing their cultural fit with the organisation," says Prashanth Nair, managing partner and country head of Inhelm Leadership Solutions, a global headhunting firm.
According to Nair, even blogs and comments on various public groups are scanned. Everything on social networking sites, being tagged in inappropriate pictures, communication skills in comments and blog posts, negative comments on an issue, comment bombing or having an opinion on everything, friends and followers and even the posts shared, can come in the way of prospective employment with a company.
Such scanning of social networking sites could be mostly for role-specific hiring for managers at the middle level though not for CXO-level hiring as most of them are not present on FB, says Sinosh Panicker, associate principal at executive search firm Heidrick & Struggles.
However, Rohit Karnatak, senior director, Asia for Pinkerton, a corporate risk management services provider, says there are cases of such scanning even for senior and top-level hiring.
"A firm is more worried about the image the top-level executive will create about the company and hence such checks are rampant in that league," he says.
"People should be careful of not sharing information online that the company treats as confidential, controversial or proprietary, no matter how exciting it is — even long after leaving the organisation," says Karnatak.
Karnatak's firm, which helps companies perform background verification checks on candidates, has seen a steady rise in such mandates. "Earlier if one in every hundred clients asked for such a check to be carried out, today there are ten in hundred. We definitely are witnessing an encouraging upward trend here," he says.
 
There are a couple of other dos on social media networks that prospective employees need to keep in mind.
One: Consistency in information about educational background and employment history. "I did not bother to update my Facebook and LinkedIn about employee history. Some of the information did not match with information provided in the resume. I was almost rejected by my employer had they not sought a clarification," says the vice-president of an information technology company.
Two, when using Facebook to land a job, you need to modify your profile so it reads like a resume. It is imperative to list your education, former employers and volunteer organisations you have worked for. "This gives the employer an overview into the kind of work you previously performed as well as some credentials," says Biswas.
Importantly, keep pictures on your profile to the bare minimum. You can also highlight your accomplishments through some good photographs. Ensure that the captions are concise and adequate.
Expect the employer to read your profile, and edit it carefully. Make it professional, informative and well written. "Networking has always played an important role for job seekers. Social media just takes traditional networking to a new technological level," says Biswas.
Besides "behaving well" on public social networking sites it is important to keep your privacy settings in place. Also, you need to search your name on search engines from time to time to see what comes up.
It's not just enough to walk tall in the real world. What you do, say, and above all, how you project yourself in the online world is key.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India Inc fastens safety belt for women staffersYou are here: Home > Collections
India Inc fastens safety belt for women staffers
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.19AM IST
Tags:
Driver
(On Monday morning, the human…)
MUMBAI: Barely a year after the Nirbhaya incident, India Inc is forced again to remind its women employees "to be safe". In the aftermath of the Uber rape case, several companies have sent out advisory mails and some are re-evaluating their safety measures, too.
On Monday morning, the human resource team of the RPG Group "mandated a review of existing practices" regarding safety of their employees. "We are trying to understand from women employees if they need any support. Also, on a priority basis, group companies have been advised to further sensitise women and create awareness on safety and security," said Pushpall Kapadia, VP — organisation excellence at Zensar Technologies and also the lead for diversity CoE for RPG Enterprises.
The company maintains a sheet of all women working late, ensures routes taken by them at night are mapped and managers are notified once the employee reaches her destination. Safety measures are reviewed every six months and an administrative associate is appointed as duty manager to be available on call to all associates in the case of any assistance, said the firm.
Mumbai-based ITeS firm Aegis sent e-mails to their 27,000 employees on Monday morning, reminding them to message their family or a colleague while availing of a cab, especially at night. "We cannot specifically ask them to not use any cab service, but have advised them to be careful, even when travelling for personal reasons," said SM Gupta, HR head.
Fashion portal Jabong, too, recirculated its note on safety precautions to all employees on Sunday night, a day after the incident occurred in Delhi. Some of them include all women team members having to write all the details in register before boarding a cab and the last woman employee being dropped off at the gate of her residence. Also, it is the duty of the admin team to ensure all cabs have a GPRS fitted in.
Despite the common practice of employees hailing cabs on their own and later getting reimbursed, Philips India said it is mandatory that no woman employee will take an outside cab. The company has only one vendor and there is GPS and an escort in all the cabs to ensure maximum safety. "Whenever we book a cab, there is an SMS from the nodal centre which includes the mobile number of the driver . The cab service is available from early morning to past midnight and only requires a half hour's heads-up," said the company spokesperson.
"Every quarter, sensitisation programmes are held. We don't allow women to work beyond 7 pm and if they have to for some reason, we provide office cars," said the spokesperson of consumer electronic company, Panasonic .
FEATURED ARTICLES

952 CAs get job offers  average annual pay at Rs 7.28 lakh952 CAs get job offers, average annual pay at Rs 7.28 lakh
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 04.12PM IST
Tags:
accountancy professionals
(The highest remuneration…)
NEW DELHI: In an indication of high demand for accountancy professionals , companies have recruited 952 chartered accountants with an average annual pay package of around Rs 7.28 lakh through ICAI campus placement.
The offers were made by companies during the placement programme, conducted across 19 cities, by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) in the August-October period this year.
The highest remuneration offered for domestic posting was Rs 17 lakh per annum, while highest salary stood at Rs 24 lakh per annum for an international placement.
As many as 952 chartered accountants accepted the job offers and the average CTC (Cost to Company) offered was about Rs 7.28 lakhs per annum, ICAI said in a statement today.
Reliance Industries , Tata Consultancy Services , Federal Bank , ITC , ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, Cairn India, Coca Cola India, L&T, Marriot Hotel, Jindal Steel and Power, Wipro, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, Engineers India and GAIL India were among the recruiters that participated in the campus placement programme.
"The government is undertaking several initiatives in key sectors and financial inclusion is going to be a key growth area. Accountancy is one of the most significant segments of the rapidly expanding economy," ICAI President K Raghu said.
"It is seen that the CAs are in great demand not only in the traditional sectors like banking, financial services or manufacturing but even in the new generation sectors like the IT, ITS, telecom, Risk and Assurance Services, Infrastructure and Retail," Raghu added.
Of the total 952 candidates, the maximum number of candidates (336) were offered an annual salary package in the range of Rs 6-7.50 lakh.
As many as 246 students would receive a renumeration of Rs 5-6 lakh, while 201 were offered a package of above Rs 9 lakh per annum.
Besides, 135 candidates were offered Rs 7.50 - 9 lakh in annual salary, 21 would get Rs 4 - 5 lakh and 13 would earn Rs 3-4 lakh per year.
"Chartered Accountants today are technically equipped to act as management consultants and play a vital role in assisting business and industry to improve the use of their resources, increase their efficiency and achieve their objectives," Raghu noted.
ICAI organises campus placement programmes for newly qualified chartered accountants twice a year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Resurgent Chinese market may spoil India party: ExpertsResurgent Chinese market may draw more FII money due to cheaper valuations, say experts
Ashutosh R Shyam & Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.15AM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(Shanghai Composite, the…)
MUMBAI: India's stock market, a hot favourite among foreign institutional investors (FIIs), is slowly ceding ground to China. Thanks to the outperformance of Chinese stocks in last one month and their cheaper valuations, overseas portfolio investors have increased weightage on China in emerging market allocations. This will result in lower fund flows to Indian equities, said analysts.
Christopher Wood , CLSA's Asia pacific strategist, who has increased China's weightage in his model portfolio — his third increase in three weeks — said, "The global money will find Indian markets only if markets see significant correction from the current levels. I may also increase our fund allocations to India if stocks come down significantly."
Shanghai Composite, the main benchmark for Chinese equity market, has jumped about 25% in the past month. The Sensex has gained only 1% in the period. After the recent rally, Chinese stocks surpassed Japan as the world's second-largest stock market by market capitalisation. Analysts said the preference for Chinese stocks has been partly because India is considered richly valued. Shanghai Composite is trading at 12 times one-year estimated earnings, while the Sensex is at almost 18 times.
Domestic stock indices have not corrected more than 5% since the start of the rally in mid-February amid the election euphoria. With the economic and corporate earnings recovery still some time away, investors feel there is limited room for upside for now. "The performance of equity benchmarks in the two countries in the last few weeks shows FIIs' change in preference," said UR Bhat, managing director, Dalton Capital .
"The difference between India and China is that Chinese authorities act or respond quickly to economic problems whereas India is slow with its response." So far in December, the average daily FII inflow into Indian equities has been Rs 390 crore against Rs 800 crore in the previous month. In dollar terms, Shanghai Composite index has risen 47% so far this year against the 35% gain of the Sensex.
China retained the tag of "mostloved" market in Asia in November, pushing India down to second in the region, said an HSBC report. "China's stellar returns in the past few weeks could pose big threat to Indian stock market in the near term as FIIs may turn their focus to Chinese stocks, which are cheaper compared to Indian stocks," said Mehul Salva , founder, Ripplewave Equity.
There are two reasons for outperformance of Chinese equities in the past month. One, regulators introduced a scheme allowing foreigners to buy China's mainland 'A' shares through the Hong Kong exchanges and vice-versa. Secondly, the Chinese Central Bank unexpectedly cut interest rates for the first time in two years.
"While concerns about weak Chinese economic data may linger, the index should end 2014 on a high on concrete evidence of easing, contained credit risks, and the fourth plenum of the 18th Party Congress helping to clarify mediumterm macro expectation on China," said a note by Nomura.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal India could soon get re-rated if company reports consistent growthCoal India
(The primary reason for this underperformance has…)
MUMBAI: In October 2010, the country's largest coal producer, Coal India , came out with its initial public offer of Rs 15,500 crore, the largest till date. Despite the size, it was oversubscribed 14.2 times. On the day of its listing, the stock soared 40% higher than its IPO price to Rs 340. But, since then, it has been trading at almost the same levels.
The primary reason for this underperformance has been the muted production — much lower than the company's targets and what investors had anticipated. Its production growth in FY13 was 3.8%, which dropped to 2% in FY14. This resulted in lower sales and earnings in the last two fiscal years. Now, after years, production growth seems to have picked up.
In November, production grew by 13.3% year-on-year to 44.42 million tonnes. This was the second consecutive month of double-digit production growth for the company after several months of single-digit growth. Its production growth in October was 14.8%. The higher number was driven by 14-30% y-o-y production growth across its subsidiaries as a result of capacity expansion and starting of new mines. According to analysts, the new government's willingness to speed up project clearances is beginning to yield results.
The company's production growth since the new government took charge (from June 14 to November 14) has grown by 8.3%. The growth has picked up momentum in the last two months with 14% y-o-y jump. However, while production is still lower than the targets set by the government, the gap between the monthly production and the targets is narrowing.
"The uptick in Oct-Nov corroborates our view of an expected pick-up in production/offtake through second half of FY15 as the dry season sets in and government's impetus to expedite project clearances begins to yield results," said Anirudh Gangahar of Nomura in a recent report. For investors, a higher offtake will be reflected in sales and earnings. With improved rail rake availability, the offtake has improved but not at the pace of production.
If the company reports consistent growth in production and offtake numbers, the stock could get re-rated by analysts. The stock has gained 3% since it declared its November production and offtake numbers. On Monday, its closing price was Rs 363.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Digital Maharashtra: state govt to release draft IT  ITeS policy within a monthDigital Maharashtra: state govt to release draft IT, ITeS policy within a month
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 12:46 AM IST
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Shiv Sena government in Maharashtra plans to release the draft policy for information technology (IT) and information technology-enabled services (ITeS) in a month’s time aimed at boosting software, hardware, consultancy and business process outsourcing (BPO) sectors. The government also intends to promote animation, visual effects and gaming to provide considerable value addition.
The draft policy will seek inputs from industry and the final policy will be drafted after taking into consideration the feedback received from various stakeholders.
The draft policy, which will be part of the government's Digital Maharashtra initiatives, will also address areas such as IT hardware and telecom manufacturing. The proposed IT and ITes policy will be the third such policy for the state (similar policies were brought out in 2003 and 2009) and it envisages drastic reduction in the number of clearances and government approvals. It also proposes to provide a slew of incentives to the investors. These incentives will be in addition to existing sops such as exemption in stamp duty, additional floor space index for IT parks and value-added tax on sale of IT products charged at the minimum floor rate.
State IT secretary Rajesh Agarwal told Business Standard: “Since the 2003 policy, IT exports from Maharashtra have increased by 135 per cent, positioning Maharashtra among the top three states. The growth rate of FDI (foreign direct investment) in the state’s IT sector has been the highest in the country. Maharashtra is also a leader in the telecommunications sector, and is home to over 20 per cent of the broadband subscribers in India. More importantly, Mumbai is the internet capital of the country." He said that Pune, Kolhapur, Nagpur, Nashik and Aurangabad will be developed as the vibrant IT hubs with major focus on hardware and electronics manufacturing in the state.
According to Agarwal, private data centres will be encouraged in Pune, Aurangabad, Nagpur and Nashik. “All big players such as IBM, Microsoft, Net Magic and Docomo want to set up data centres in the state,” he added.
The Digital Maharashtra initiative also suggests mandatory e-tendering in public procurement. The limit for mandatory e-tendering will be reduced to Rs 3 lakh from Rs 10 lakh and it will be extended to rural and urban local bodies, state public-sector undertakings and boards. Auto refund and paper-less bank guarantee options will be explored.
The government also intends to make e-auction mandatory for the entire state from January 1, 2015 where the reserve price exceeds Rs 1 lakh. The e-auction will also be compulsory for public resources such as sand, forest produce and lands.
Meanwhile, the state government has declared 2015 as the "'digital year" to take a number of government facilities online, thereby bringing in transparency and reduction in time needed for government procedures.

Former chairman of Indias Satyam jailedFormer chairman of India IT group Satyam jailed
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78b5a434-7f6b-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Snapchat poaches Credit Suisse bankerSnapchat poaches Credit Suisse banker who led Alibaba IPO
Arash Massoudi in New York and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/acb1926a-7f71-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shah Rukh  Priyanka rock the  Got Talent World StageCelebrity
Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Jacqueline Fernandez rock the 'Got Talent World Stage' live
'Got Talent World Stage' live saw the presence of some of the big names of Bollywood, who have a recognition not only in India, but worldwide. Those present included Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Jacqueline Fernandez. We bring you the photos!

ICICI Bank raises $200 million overseasICICI Bank raises $200 million overseas
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
The country’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank on Monday said it will upsize the issuance of dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes by $200 million (about Rs 1,200 crore) for five-and-half-year maturity.
The upsized tap offering has the same terms and conditions as the existing notes, which will be consolidated with the bank's existing $500 million 3.50 per cent notes due 2020, 176 basis points over and above the US 5-year bond.
Moody's Investors Service has maintained its Baa2 rating on the dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes. Standard and Poor’s also maintained its 'BBB-' long-term issue rating for the Dubai Branch's notes, following the announcement of a tap bond offering on its existing $500 million notes issued in September 2014.
An ICICI Bank spokesperson declined to comment.
“The bank received a coupon rate which was better than the previous 3.50 per cent,” a person in the know of the development said.
The ICICI Bank's reopening was indicated to be at 3.35 per cent, about 167 basis points over the 5-year US Bonds
The ‘BAA2’ senior unsecured debt rating is anchored on ICICI Bank's ‘BAA3’ baseline credit assessment (BCA) and the high likelihood of systemic support in the event of a crisis. The ‘BAA2’ rating is at the same level as the foreign currency debt ceiling for India.
Moody’s said, “ICICI Bank's BCA is underpinned by the bank's solid franchise as India's largest private sector bank by assets, as well as its strong capitalisation, liquidity, and earnings profile.
It also takes into consideration, among others, the bank's high borrower concentration in the form of its mandatory Government securities portfolio; its improving but still weak asset quality when compared to its global peers; and the challenging domestic operating environment.
The notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured, and unsubordinated obligations of ICICI Bank. They shall at all times rank at par among themselves and with all other unsecured obligations of the bank. The rating on the notes is subject to our review of the final issuance documentation, S&P said.
Tight spread
Reuters adds: According to a banker, the $200 million raised by ICICI in an opportunistic tap of its $500-million 3.5% March 2020s at 165bp over Treasuries was the tightest spread for an Indian bank deal since 2007.
The issue broke the record of Axis Bank, which sold $500 million of 3.25% 2020 bonds last month priced at 170bp over Treasuries.
While investors have turned a tad cautious over the country's high-yield sector due to complicated structures and more restrictive RBI guidelines for foreign borrowings, the appetite for quality investment-grade names out of the country remains robust, investors say.
With a further boost from the strong November non-farm payroll growth in the US, the largest private-sector lender decided to do the opportunistic tap, which raised the total outstanding on the existing issue to $700 million.
The tap offered a negligible new-issue premium as its existing 2020s were indicated at 163bp over Treasuries prior to the reopening. The tap came with a lower all-in yield of 3.356%, versus a yield 3.57% on the existing notes.
The leads also referenced Axis Bank's 2020s, quoted at G-spread of 169bp. Yet, the ICICI tap priced through that on the back of strong demand from investors outside Asia.
Axis Bank's stressed asset ratio as of September 30 stood at 4 per cent, compared with 6 per cent for ICICI.
The distribution of the Reg S tap, with ICICI's Dubai branch as the issuer, defied the typical 70/30 split between investors from Asia and elsewhere for Asian deals. West Asian investors showed enormous appetite for ICICI, buying 39 per cent of the notes. European investors also bought an impressive 32 per cent, while Asia took the remainder.
"The distribution speaks volumes about how well-known ICICI is among global investors," said a banker on the deal. "That's why the tap went for a Reg S-only format versus the 144A/Reg S format for the initial issue."
Meanwhile, the country's private-sector banks were likely to lead the improvement on asset quality in the near future, said Nomura.
Against a narrowing fiscal deficit, declining inflation and rising GDP growth in India, "we expect the asset quality cycle to bottom out over the next two to three quarters, led by private sector banks and large public sector banks," analysts at Nomura wrote in a research note on December 5.
The analysts, however, expects the recovery to be gradual during 2015-2016 with Indian banking system's non-performing loans ratio and total stressed assets ratio to remain largely unchanged at around mid-4% and 10-11 per cent, respectively.
The ICICI reopening was indicated a tad wider at bid-167 over Treasuries.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Modi TIME readers polltimes...    Cached
Karachi, Dec 08 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi has held on to the top spot in the readers' poll for the "TIME's Person of the Year" with 16.2 percent votes as ...

Maintain buy on DCB with target of Rs 120: Kotak‘Add’ City Union Bank on steady, consistent biz
Our recent interaction with the management of DCB Bank offers comfort that implementation is broadly on track with what was indicated earlier. With a healthy tier-1 ratio, low impairment-related issues and a stable revenue profile, the bank has been steadily growing its balance sheet by 25% CAGR in recent years with a large part of revenue invested back in expanding the bank’s presence. We like the bank’s execution skills and maintain it as our preferred small-cap idea despite strong outperformance. Maintain ‘buy’ with target price changed to R120 from R105.
Loan growth is likely to remain close to current levels with greater emphasis on retail and the large corporate segment. Changes in lending in the SME portfolio is hurting growth though there should be a gradual increase in contribution over the next few years. Within retail, mortgages will continue to grow and recent branch expansion has helped the bank to disburse other retail products, especially those compliant with priority-sector loans.
We believe that expecting an improvement in CASA ratio at this stage of the growth cycle would be quite premature as there is sharper focus on the assets side of the balance sheet and investing a large share of revenue back in the business. We are factoring a decline in CASA ratio in the medium term. However, building a strong liability franchise would require a much higher scale, size of net worth and products/services, especially for the current account, while the bank would have to invest in the brand, especially for retail customers.
Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: DCB Bank
More from indianmarkets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Post-elections govt impetus fuels growth in India PC market  says IDCSahara Group awaits court verdict that may give jailed Subrata Roy freedom
The overall India PC (personal computers) shipment for Q3 2014 stood at 2.67 million units with a quarter-on-quarter growth of 5.8% over Q2 2014 and year-on-year drop of 16.9% over Q3 2013.
Commercial personal computers market in Q3 2014 recorded 1.29 million units in Q3 2014; with 4.7% decline quarter-on-quarter. Business confidence post elections have shot up considerably and a slew of policy measures announced by the government has further provided an impetus to the overall growth in Q3.
The Overall consumer PC market recorded 1.37 million units, a quarter-on-quarter growth of 18.1% over Q2 2014.
“Uptake of affordable PC segment (sub $400 portable PCs) along with seasonal demand owing to festive season resulted in a sharp improvement in Q3, ” said Manish Yadav, Market Analyst, Client Devices, IDC India.
However, IDC says it anticipates a demand fallout in Q4 2014 in the consumer PC business. “Q4 is usually hit by a post festive syndrome and 2014 would be no different. Also, protests by the channel community across various parts of India against predatory pricing by e-tailers is adding to the woes in the PC market. We expect the sequential fallout in the consumer business to be in the range of 15-20%,” explains Kiran Kumar, Research Manager, Client Devices, IDC India.
On the other hand, commercial business is expected to maintain its momentum over the next few quarters driven by a healthy demand in Government and public education segments in the coming quarters.
Top 3 PC vendors:
HP:
HP retained its top spot with a market share of 25.5% in the India PC market. Vendor market share declined by 8.2% quarter-on-quarter over Q2 2014. The drop in share was primarily on account of fewer shipments fulfilled towards the special project i.e. ELCOT in Q3. On the consumer business, HP pre-empted demand & rolled out early campaigns & partner programs which led to their growth. This was further fuelled by their success on entry level segment well supported through Bing SKUs.
Dell:
Dell maintains the 2nd spot in the India PC market. The vendor did witness strong demand by virtue of its channel expansion & improved partner engagement measures which continues to drive their business in CY 2014. Also, introduction of new products on AMD platform provided further traction to their overall consumer business.
Lenovo:
Lenovo took the third spot with 16.5% market share in the quarter. They’ve recorded substantial growth in their consumer notebook business. Enterprise business within commercial segment continues to be their forte and recent changes in the overall demand situation should augur well for them in the subsequent quarters
TAGS: Dell HP Lenovo
More from industry

BSE Sensex slips below 28K  NSE Nifty down 72pointsGold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode
Extending their fall, the benchmark BSE Sensex slipped below the 28,000 level and the NSE Nifty dropped below the 28,000 mark at midsession as funds and retail investors indulged in selling activity amid weak global cues after crude oil dipped to fresh five-year lows.
After opening in negative terrain on continued selling activity by participants, the Sensex dipped below the psychological 28,000-mark to touch a low of 27,869.92. It, however, recovered marginally to 27,911.35, down by 208.05 points, or 0.74 per cent at 1330 hours.
Major losers that pulled down the Sensex and Nifty from crucial levels were Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, NTPC, Hindalco, Bhyarti Airtel, ONGC, Tata Steel, BHEL, SBI, Axis Bank, L&T, Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, Coal India, RIL and Cipla.
The 30-share index had lost 443.42 points in the previous two sessions.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty slipped below the crucial 8,400-level by losing 64.00 points, or 0.76 per cent, to 8,374.25. It shuttled between 8,444.50 and 8,362.30.
Sentiments dampened after current account deficit widened to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year ago.
Brokers said sustained selling by participants in bluechip stocks that recently logged gains and a weak trend in global markets after oil prices skidded to fresh five-year lows led to the fall in markets.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday, according to provisional data from the stock exchange.
Bucking the trend, shares of Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, M&M, TCS and Hero MotoCorp were trading in positive zone and cushioned the fall.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was down 2.51 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei shed 0.68 per cent. European markets were down in their opening trade.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from markets
Nifty slips below 8,000-mark Nifty slipped below the 8,000-mark on Wednesday on the last day of Federal Open Market...

Current account deficit not alarming: JaitleyCurrent account deficit not alarming, says Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 15:30 IST
Photo: Reuters
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday that country's current account deficit (CAD) was not alarming and it was under control.
"The CAD figure of 2.1 per cent (of GDP) is not alarming. The figure is under control. There are ways of curtailing it and bringing it down further," he said in the Rajya Sabha.
He added that huge quantity of gold import was adding to the CAD.
Country's CAD widened to $10.1 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, data released by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) showed on Monday.
According to the central bank, the net difference between inflows and outflows of foreign currencies, also known as the current account, showed a deficit that widened by 2.1 per cent of the gross domestic product from 1.2 per cent in the corresponding quarter last year.
Jaitley added that foreign exchange was coming to the country through all channels.
"Addition to the reserve is taking place; it indicates a comfortable situation. In a given situation, if there is a negative slowdown in the economy or if the products become non-competitive compared to Chinese products, your exports out of the country can slow down," he said.
"But overall on account of several other things, like FII investment, if foreign exchange reserves in the country are continuing to be added and therefore the kind of situation of concern does not exist at all", Jaitley said.

Duty hike on petrol  diesel to fetch Rs 10 500 croreWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
The government will get an additional Rs 10,500 crore in the current fiscal from hike in excise duty on petrol and diesel.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the Rajya Sabha in a written reply that excise duty hike on November 12 and December 2 will fetch the exchequer Rs 6,000 crore and Rs 4,500 crore respectively in the remaining months of the fiscal, ending March 31, 2015.
The government had raised the excise duty in two tranches on November 12 and December 2 in view of the decline in prices of crude oil in the international market.
It hiked excise duty by Rs 1.50 a litre on both the fuels on November 12. Later, on December 2, the duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre.
“There will be no impact on the retail price of petrol and diesel on account of the increase in excise duty on petrol and diesel,” Jaitley said.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Diesel Petrol
More from economy

PM Modi govt gets thumbs up from Indian consumers  shows ZyFin indexWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
Macro-analytics firm ZyFin’s Economic Conditions Index has been on a steady uptrend, reflecting improving mood of consumers. The monthly index has been on an uptrend since January 2014, reaching its highest score of 67.2 in November 2014 – the Index is a barometer of Indian consumers’ perceptions on the economic conditions of the country.
Since the uptrend coincides with the period in which India saw a change in government with PM Narendra Modi-led NDA govt replacing former PM Manmohan Singh-led UPA, it suggests a growing belief among consumers that economic conditions will improve in the near future and that, in turn, should have an impact on India’s consumer-driven economy.
The index had been on a steady downtrend since its inception in October 2011, before bottoming out in December 2013, with Indian consumers expressing their disappointment with the prolonged slowdown over two consecutive years.
Indian spenders now, however, see a ray of hope in the new government and this shift in opinion may go a long way in determining India’s aggregate demand, driven by heightened consumption. This will be an effective solution to grow the sagging GDP; although, much depends on the government’s continued ability to manage these expectations, which is necessary for Indian consumers to feel confident enough to loosen their purse strings.
The recovery in Economic Conditions is a widespread phenomenon, with consumers in all four regions of the country, North, South, East and West voicing similar opinions. Interestingly, consumers in South India were first to react, with the Index for this part of the country starting to pick up as early as June 2013. The remaining regions joined in the beginning of this year.
Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research, said, “It is encouraging to note that consumers have faith in the Indian economic recovery. With rising confidence towards better employment and income conditions, consumer spending should bounce back, leading to a sustained demand-pulled expansion in economic activity.”
Note: ZyFin Research’s Economic Conditions Index is the only tracker of Indian consumers’ perception toward current and expected economic conditions. It is based on a monthly survey of 3,000 consumers in 11 Indian cities, representing urban consumers
TAGS: Indian Economy Narendra Modi Zyfin Research
More from economy

Vice President & Head - Equity Sales AnandRathiVice President & Head - Equity Sales
AnandRathi
Devang Mehta is Vice President - Equity Advisory & Sales (Retail) at Anand Rathi Group. He has over 14 years of rich industry experience.
ABOUT Devang Mehta
Devang Mehta is Vice President - Equity Advisory & Sales (Retail) at Anand Rathi Group. He has over 14 years of rich industry experience.

Sensex plunges 322.39 points to over 1-month closing low of 27 797.01; Nifty at 8 340.701
0
Mumbai: Sensex on Tuesday plunged 322.39 points to close over 1-month low at 27,797.01 while Nifty tumbled 97.55 points to end at 8,340.70.
Earlier in the day, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell over 62 points in early trade on sustained selling by participants in auto, capital goods, consumer durables and banking sector stocks amid a weak trend at other Asian bourses.
Continuing its slide for the third straight session, the 30-share index fell by 62.53 points, or 0.22 per cent, to 28,056.87, with a majority of key stocks trading in the negative territory.
Sensex on Tuesday plunged 322.39 points to close over 1-month low at 27,797.01 while Nifty tumbled 97.55 points to end at 8,340.70.
#sensex #nifty #bse #nse
The gauge had lost 443.42 points in the previous two sessions.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty shed 19.80 points, or 0.23 per cent, to 8,418.45 in early trade.
Brokers said besides a weak trend on other Asian bourses as investors booked profits, rising CAD in the July-September quarter dampened the trading sentiments.
Meanwhile, rising gold imports widened current account deficit to USD 10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of GDP in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year-ago.
Among other Asian markets, Japan's Nikkei shed 0.60 per cent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 0.93 per cent in early trade today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.59 per cent lower in Monday's trade.
0

Rupee closes 5 paise down against dollar at 61.88Forex Update: Rupee closes 5 paise down against dollar at 61.88
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 18:14 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee weakened further by 5 paise to end at 61.88 against the Greenback on sustained demand for the American currency from importers amid a broader sell-off in equities.
Widening current account deficit (CAD) due to soaring gold imports mainly put pressure on Indian unit despite weak dollar overseas.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex), the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.89 compared to overnight closing level of 61.83. It hovered in a wide range owing to volatile domestic stocks between 61.9175 and 61.8475 before concluding at 61.88, showing a loss of 5 paise, or 0.08 per cent.
"Robust capital inflows along with profit-taking in US currency after its recent rally some what cushioned the rupee sentiment," a forex dealer said.
Country's current account deficit (CAD) widened to $10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the second quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year-ago primarily led by a steep rise in gold imports.
Though the deficit concerns were lagely offset by buffering foreign capital inflows against the backdrop of plunging global oil and commodity prices.
Meanwhile, equities plummeted for the second straight day with both the indices - Sensex and Nifty sliding over 1 per cent to hit one-month low spooked by global financal markets rout and growth concerns.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a massive Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday as per provisional data.
Benchmark Brent crude slipped to a five-year low, sliding below $66 a barrel on growing worries over a deepening supply glut.
The dollar index, which measures the Greenback against a basket of six major currencies, was down by 0.36 per cent.

Twitter users follow like-minded people: Study6
1
New York: Twitter users try to insulate themselves from the differing views and opinions on the site by following people who share their interests and beliefs, a study reveals.
Researchers from Louisiana State University suggest that Twitter is unwittingly building an "ideological echo chamber".
"Two users of Twitter might be exposed to very different content based on which accounts they choose to follow, while two people reading the local newspaper might read different stories but at the end of the day, it is the same content they are exposed to," study co-author Brian Knight from Brown University was quoted as saying in a New York Times report.
Twitter users try to insulate themselves from the differing views and opinions on the site by following people who share their interests and beliefs. ( Twitter , via Shutterstock)
#twitter #social media
As people rely more on social media for news, Twitter and Facebook are filtering what people see, based on their interests and shape their world view.
"As we move from a world in which traditional media outlets control the content, we receive to a world in which most of the content is coming from our friends, it's really important to understand who your friends are," doctoral candidate in politics at New York University Pablo Barbera was quoted as saying.
2

Watch your words or feed populism  French minister warns GermanyWatch your words or feed populism, French minister warns Germany
Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c390afda-7eda-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Excise hike on transport fuels to fetch Rs 10 500 cr: FMExcise hike on transport fuels to fetch Rs 10,500 crore, says Arun Jaitley
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 20:38 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
The government's recent hiking of excise duty on petrol and diesel will fetch it an additional Rs 10,500 crore in the current fiscal, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday.
Jaitley said in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha that excise duty hikes imposed in November and December will respectively get the exchequer Rs 6,000 crore and Rs 4,500 crore in the remaining months of the current fiscal ending March 31 next year.
To make up for fall in taxes due to the sustained decline in international crude oil prices, the government hiked excise duty by Rs 1.50 a litre on both the fuels first on November 12.
Later, on December 2, the duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre.
Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan last week defended the hike in parliament saying the money would fund welfare schemes and not be misappropriated as happened under the previous UPA government.
Consumers, however, will be spared the burden of the excise hike and there will be no change in retail prices.
An official source in the finance ministry explained the economics behind hiking the excise duty, a major portion of which goes to the states, particularly in the wake of a fall in the global crude oil prices to a five-year low.
The official said since the over-recovery, or profit, that state-run oil marketing companies have now been making on these fuels had gone up, the government has taken a credit of a portion of the same.
As a consequence, he added, consumers will feel no impact of the hike. Instead, it will boost the government's indirect tax collections in a situation of economic slowdown and help it contain the fiscal deficit.

SC slams Centre over arrests for posting  objectionable comments  on social mediaDec 09, 2014 at  08:39pm IST
SC slams Centre over arrests for posting 'objectionable comments' on social media
33
2
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday did not agree with the contention of the Centre that arrests of some persons for allegedly posting objectionable comments on social websites were "stray incidents", saying that even if they were aberrations, they were "brazen" and "grave".
The counsel for the Centre told a Bench headed by Justice J Chelameswar that though he was not justifying the arrests made under section 66A of the Information Technology (IT) Act, they were "aberrations" and "stray incidents" of misuse of statutory powers by the authorities.
"Even if they were aberrations and some stray incidents, the violations of rights were very brazen and grave," the Bench, which is hearing various petitions seeking reliefs, including setting aside of some IT Act provisions, said.
Section 66A of the IT Act has courted controversy as it provides the power to arrest a person, besides a jail term of maximum three years, for allegedly sending "offensive messages through communication service".
Initiating the arguments, senior advocate Soli Sorabjee, appearing for one of the petitioners, said, "The right to freedom of speech and expression under Article 19 (1) (a) of the Constitution must be preserved and it is not open to the state to curtail this right. It can be subjected to reasonable restriction as provided under Article 19 (2) alone."
The counsel for the Centre told a Bench headed by Justice J Chelameswar that though he was not justifying the arrests made under section 66A of the Information Technology (IT) Act, they were "aberrations" and "stray incidents" of misuse of statutory powers by the authorities.
#sc #supreme court #social media #websites
He sought setting aside of section 66A of the Act on the ground of "vagueness" and said the expressions like -- "grossly offensive" information, "menacing character" of an information and "causing annoyance" -- have not been defined.
"The provisions, which have been vague, have been struck down in the past. Any public statement may annoy somebody," he said.
The Bench then referred to the recent controversy in Parliament over alleged remarks of a minister and said, "It depends upon various factors. The word 'offensive' may be construed differently in different contexts. The nature and meaning of offensive words vary from person to person.
"Any attempt to stifle criticism will amount to censorship. A person may be upset and annoyed but it cannot be a ground to impose censorship," Sorabjee said.
"Things can be offensive without being indecent," the court said, adding, "One cannot make out a criminal offence. They (statements) may be undesirable and unpleasant."
7

Priceless ancient and much revered idol of Lord Raghunath stolen from KulluWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Dharmshala |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:06 am
An idol of the Lord Raghunath, which is the presiding deity of famous Kullu Dussehra, has been stolen from a temple located inside private residential complex of Maheshwar Singh, sitting MLA and chief ‘kardar’ of Lord Raghunath .
Maheshwar’s son Danvender Singh reported the matter to the Kullu police early this morning .The theft took place during the intervening night of December 8 and 9.
Maheshwar Singh met Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh on hearing about the daring theft of the 16th century old at his Rupi palace and sought immediate action from the police.
Many in Kullu now feel that without Ranghunath’s idol that leads the holy Chariot, the historic Kullu Dussehra will lose its significance as around 400 deities which participate in the congregation actually come to pay their obedience to Lord Raghunath – most powerful deity in Kullu.
A similar thieft attempt was made in January this year.
The priceless and much revered idol and other articles stolen from the temple included Raghunath idol of Asthtdhatu, a gold locket, Asthdhatu Hanuman idol alongwith golden chain, one stone of Narsingh Shila (covered with gold), one silver Ganesh idol, one pair of Charan Paduka, one silver aachmani, one silver shankh stand and several other antique items.
Chief Minister Singh, who made a suo moto statement in the state assembly, said strenuous efforts were being made to nab the culprits, who apparently entered through the roof top with a rope and decamped with all valuables.
“The incident has sent shock waves. Unfortunately , there was no home guards or police deployed at the temple, which was managed privately,” he added.
Superintendent of police, Kullu and other senior officers have visited the spot and set up a special team. An alert has been sounded to all districts and special barriers have also been set up to nab the culprits.
He said Additional DGP ( law an order) Sanjay Kundu has also left for Kullu.
Former chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal sharing the concern over the theft said, “Thieves have used the same modus operandi which they adopted in January this year but failed in their plans. Ironically no lessons were learnt from the incident. The CCTV cameras were installed outside the temple and in the compound instead of temple and its sanctum sanctorum.”
Maheshwar’s brother Karan Singh, also a sitting MLA, asked the Chief Minister to direct police to make immediate efforts to arrest the culprits and more importantly recover the idol, which is of great historic value. He suspected role of some insiders.
Director General of police Sanjay Kumar said, “The police teams are on full alert and investigations were being done on scientific basis continued…

Media regulation - The noose tightensVanita Kohli-Khandekar: Media regulation - The noose tightens
Vanita Kohli-Khandekar |  Dec 09, 2014 09:46 PM IST
Are we headed for some draconian law regulating news media? The signs are ominous.
In August this year, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai), the broadcast regulator, came out with a paper that had recommendations on "Issues relating to media ownership". In six years this is the fourth such paper that Trai has brought out on the request of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, the apex regulatory authority for the Rs 83,000-crore media and entertainment industry in India.
In September, there was a two-day National Consultation on Media Law organised by the Law Commission of India and National Law University, Delhi. (I was part of the discussion on statutory versus self-regulation.)
In November, Justice A P Shah, the chairman of the Law Commission, met editors and senior journalists for a consultation on media regulation.
In the last three months, I have met one PhD scholar and responded to half a dozen information requests on media regulation. And then there is noise, within media, on regulation. By themselves, these events signify the normal discussions happening around an industry that is facing flak over its conduct. But is there more to it? Is this the deliberate noise created through civil society and regulatory bodies in a build-up of public and executive opinion in favour of media regulation.
Funnily enough, media owners who should have taken charge of this discussion seem passive. Off the record, many worry about the frequency at which talk of regulating the media is popping up. But clearly it doesn't move them enough.
That there is trouble with the news industry is evident from the alarming fall in ethics and standards of news outlets across TV, online and newspapers.
However, what is being put out in the public domain is completely coloured by a "regulation is the answer" perspective. The Law Commission's event meandered around familiar territory - paid news, private treaties - before degenerating into a "bash the news media" session. The Trai paper, good in patches, has one recommendation that is foxing the industry - that corporates should be restricted from owning media. This is a big invitation for dodgy capital in a business stuffed with it.
Whether it is medicine, real estate, mining or media, the big problem in India is not the lack of regulation, but poor implementation of it. So instead of focussing on a new law, here are a few steps that could go a long way in improving the quality and ethics in news media.
One, give the Press Council of India and the Indian Broadcasting Federation some teeth. The reason the Press Council has been a hapless spectator to paid news is because it does not have any powers to punish.
Two, facilitate the business. Newsgathering is expensive. It needs capital, well-trained people and several distribution options to make money. Even with all of that, few news organisations in the world manage to make money. Many of the really top-notch ones are either taxpayer-funded (BBC) or have a benevolent patron (The Guardian, Al Jazeera and so on).
The government could facilitate capital by pushing up foreign investment limits (from 26 to 49 per cent) and by removing the "a single Indian shareholder to control 51 per cent of a news company" condition. If this encourages strategic investors, who have shown little appetite for Indian media so far, it would be great. A Dow Jones or a Bloomberg, brings with it knowledge, processes and training - a crying need in the Indian news industry.
Another way to facilitate the business - pushing through, instead of the current delaying, the process of digitisation of television. This will push down costs drastically and make pay revenues accessible to big and small broadcasters.
Three, set the Prasar Bharati Corporation, which operates Doordarshan and All India Radio, truly free. This could be done by transferring its assets (towers, land) to the corporation and relinquishing the financial and administrative powers the government retained even after the corporation was formed in 1997. A strong, independent public service broadcaster forces the private ones to follow its lead on quality - as the BBC has shown in the UK.
Easier access to capital, pushing digitisation for lower costs and higher revenues, introducing a not-for-profit high-quality competitor into the game and backing all this with a stronger self-regulatory framework would help create an ecosystem in which good news can thrive - commercially and otherwise.
These are simple moves. But they require a belief in free speech and political will. Most governments don't have one or the other.
Twitter: @vanitakohlik

Grappling with the  culture of free  in Napster s aftermathClyde Haberman: Grappling with the 'culture of free' in Napster's aftermath
Clyde Haberman |  Dec 09, 2014 09:44 PM IST
Once upon a time, a new technology happened along. It was called radio. Soon enough, some people began plucking wireless transmissions out of the air for their own purposes. One clever young man in Washington figured out how to intercept messages that Navy units sent to one another. "He has represented himself to be at distant naval stations or at sea on warships equipped with wireless apparatus," a magazine called Electrical World reported in 1907. Back then, this fellow's actions were not unlawful. They amounted nonetheless to a form of piracy.
As radio grew more sophisticated, so did those intent on beating the system. In 1960s Britain, radio pirates flourished on unlicensed stations that broadcast from ships anchored beyond territorial limits. They found eager audiences in young people who tuned in for the latest from the Rolling Stones, the Kinks and the Who. (Talkin' 'bout my generation.) Then the world went digital.
Napster did not last long, two years. But for a while at the dawn of this century it claimed to have 70 million registered users. It spawned a host of internet music-swapping providers, more than a few of them falling on the dubious side of the law. Most important, it irrevocably altered not only the way in which Americans absorbed music but also their belief system in what they should pay. The conviction theologically held by many boiled down to a single word: nothing.
The music industry is not alone in coming to terms with altered realities. As every sentient soul surely knows by now, the "culture of free" has turned the print world upside down, pushing newspapers, magazines and book publishers into a frantic search for financial safe harbours. With the advent of broad internet use in the 1990s came a notion that information should be free. Never mind that the gathering and transmission of information can be a costly proposition and that (dirty word alert) money is needed if the survival of, say, a newspaper is to be ensured. A generation now believes that the written word, whether on processed wood or in pixels, should come without charge.
Napster burst forth in June 1999, the brainchild of an entrepreneurial, 18-year-old computer wiz, Shawn Fanning. His creation enabled anyone with a modicum of tech savvy to share audio files in MP3 format - peer to peer, as it was called. Music lovers could download thousands upon thousands of songs, then pass them on to friends or create albums of their own on compact discs. No one paid royalties. To music companies and some individual artists, this was high-tech piracy and a threat to their fiscal well-being. The Recording Industry Association of America sued Napster for copyright infringement. So did a few musicians, like the rapper Dr Dre and the heavy metal band Metallica.
Not every performer thought of Napster as the enemy. Some who might otherwise have been doomed to oblivion regarded the service as a platform from which they might find listeners and build a fan base. Nor were all economists convinced that one free download equalled one less sale of a high-priced CD; quite possibly, some of them said, people were plugging into music that they would never have paid for.
Napster, however, did not have the courts on its side. Ordered by federal judges to stop allowing copyrighted material to be traded on its system, it shut down in July 2001. But from its ashes other file-sharing services arose, some bearing curious names like Grokster, Kazaa and Gnutella. Fanning tried his hand at new digital media endeavours, including Snocap and Napster 2.0. Few of those companies were unqualified successes. One thing was certain, though: the culture of free was not going away.
A decade ago, Apple established a new order in the commercial music universe by introducing the iTunes store. From its vast digital warehouse, customers could buy any song they wished, typically for 99 cents. The arrangement was perhaps not ideal for the recording companies and for many performers. Among other things, music albums - fixtures since the '60s and, in many instances, creative masterpieces - were becoming relics; single-song listening ruled, whether through an iTunes purchase or snatched from the ether via file-swapping networks. Still, for the industry, some money was better than none, and so an iTunes reality beat a Napster world.
Now the music business is in transition once more, reshaped by streaming services like YouTube, Spotify and Pandora. Instead of owning songs, a listener can in effect borrow them from millions of titles made available by these operations. A cultural shift seems well underway, with more and more consumers sensing they no longer need to possess certain physical items, like CDs or books. A reliable internet connection will do.
Unlike Napster and the like, the streaming services are not engaged in piracy. They are legally licensed, having paid music companies some money. They themselves cash in by selling advertising or, increasingly, by offering subscriptions to customers interested in a commercial-free experience.
Embrace the change, Silicon Valley types say. But even if one does, it comes at a cost. As CDs fade from the scene, so do stores like Tower Records. Thousands of jobs are lost: workers who make the discs, wholesale buyers, salespeople, stockroom clerks, accountants and others. Substitute work for them is not assured in the digital cosmos. And, thus far, the people who create the music on which others build their fortunes often receive mere rivulets of reward. Not everyone is a Beyonce or a Taylor Swift (who has removed her entire oeuvre from Spotify to keep it behind a pay wall). Many more musicians are like Zoe Keating, a cellist from Northern California. Over a six-month period, Keating's songs had been played on Pandora more than 1.5 million times; that earned her all of $1,652.74.
Some industry executives insist that, over time, things will sort themselves out, including how to steer more money to performers.
In the meantime, some oldsters (talkin' 'bout my generation again) may derive a measure of comfort from learning that vinyl albums still have life.
© The New York Times

Korean Air nut rage sparks backlashKorean Air nut rage sparks chaebol backlash
Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a45e0da-7f73-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can a listed company function without a promoterYes, companies with no promoter holding are managed by professionals
December 9, 2014:  
After the 2.8 percentage stake sale on Monday, the promoters’ holding in Infosys is now just a tad above 13 per cent. If the request of the founders last month to be not classified as promoters but as ordinary shareholders is accepted, the company will have no holdings under the ‘promoter’ category, though the founders retain their remaining stake.
But are listed companies allowed to have zero promoter holding? Yes. Among the S&P-CNX 500 companies, 12 currently fall in this category. This includes big Nifty names — HDFC, ITC, L&T, ICICI Bank, and IDFC.
Says Suresh Surana, Founder, RSM Astute Consulting Group: “It is permissible for companies to have zero promoter holding. The SEBI regulations require a minimum 25 per cent of public shareholding but there is no legal requirement of minimum promoter group holding. There are instances of companies with no promoter holding and the companies can be professionally managed. This is very common in the US.”
Guiding factors
Concurs Darshan Upadhyay, Partner, Economic Laws Practice: “Under law, a company is managed by its board of directors. If it has no identifiable promoter, the board, shareholders and the articles of association would be the guiding factors.”
SEBI rules require that promoters should hold at least 20 per cent of the post- public issue capital and this should be locked in for at least three years. After this, promoters can pare their stake.
Both the Companies Act 2013 and the SEBI regulations have ‘control’ of the company as a key parameter to decide whether one is a promoter — either as an original founder or by acquiring stake in the company. With the Infosys founders no longer actively involved in day-to-day management and control of the company, there is a good chance that their request to be classified as non-promoters will be eventually accepted by SEBI.
At present, SEBI has been considering such requests for re-classification of promoters’ shareholding into public shareholding, on a case-to-case basis. Approvals have been granted based on the merit of each case. Surana adds: “For example, approval was given to the Poddar family, the original promoters of Gillette India, to reclassify themselves as public shareholders after they agreed to give up all special rights in the company, including management control.”
Upadhyay adds: “There is currently no regulation that lays down steps on how a promoter could be declassified. I understand SEBI is likely to come up with a policy or regulation on how such declassification could be done.”
But why would promoters want to be reclassified as public shareholders? Because it gives them flexibility by doing away with several rules on various matters including purchase and sale of shares in the company.
The SEBI Insider Trading Regulations and SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations govern purchase and sale of shares by promoters. Says Surana: “The legal implication of existing promoters wanting to be classified as non-promoters is that the above regulations for sale or purchase of shares would not then apply to them. They would be treated at par with the other public shareholders with fewer compliance and disclosure requirements.”
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Hafiz Saeed JUD Twitterstatus/508974429292855297    Cached
Add a location to your Tweets. When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the ...

Different views within the Centre on Uber banDifferent views within the Centre on Uber ban
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, December 9:  
The Centre has been speaking in different voices on banning Uber after a driver affiliated with the taxi-hailing app was arrested on charges of raping a woman passenger in the capital.
While Home Minister Rajnath Singh has advised all State Governments and Union Territories to stop the operations of unlicensed app-based taxi services till they get themselves registered, Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari said a ban is not the solution.
“New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct,” Gadkari told reporters outside Parliament.
The Transport Department of Delhi has already imposed a ban. Delhi is under President’s rule.
Radio Taxi Assn charge
Meanwhile, the Association of Radio Taxis sought to distance itself from unlicensed app-based cab services, demanding regulatory steps to ensure passenger safety.
At a press conference in New Delhi, Kunal Lalani, Association President and Chairman of Mega Cabs, said: “An impression is being created that all radio cabs are unsafe. But that is completely false because we are running licensed services in accordance with rules laid down by State governments.”
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Opposition to debate excise duty hike on petrolOpposition to debate excise duty hike on petrol
AM Jigeesh
Rajya Sabha circulates CPI(M)’s motion; Congress to lend support
New Delhi, December 5:  
The fag end of the Winter Session is set to see some fireworks with Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari accepting the Opposition’s motion challenging the Centre for increasing the excise duty on petrol and diesel.
The motion moved by the CPI(M) is likely to be circulated among the elders before Monday.
Support to motion
The Opposition hopes the motion will be taken up for discussion in the Upper House soon. The Business Advisory Committee of Rajya Sabha, chaired by the Chairman, will take a final decision on the motion.
Centre unperturbed
The Congress is also gearing up for a debate and voting on the issue.
“We will lend our support to the motion moved by Opposition members. We are opposed to the Centre’s decision to increase excise duty,” deputy leader of the Congress in Rajya Sabha Anand Sharma told BusinessLine.
The Centre, however, seemed unperturbed by the development. “It is up to the Chairman to decide whether the motion should be discussed in the House. We will wait for his decision,” Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs MA Naqvi said.
The Centre has been maintaining that the money it will mop by the hike in excise duty will be used for welfare schemes.
Experts point out that the amendment to the Finance Ministry’s notification in either of the Houses will force the Centre to withdraw the notification.
“The Central Excise Act empowers the Centre to review excise duty on products.
But, Parliament is supreme and it can be done only with the approval of the House. If either of the two Houses reject or amend the notification, the government will have to recall it,” said former Secretary General of Lok Sabha PDT Achary.
Not a money Bill
He further said that though the notification is for collecting duty, an amendment to it through a statutory motion is not considered a money Bill.
“The treatment for statutory motion is different. If one House rejects the Government’s notification, the Finance Ministry has no other option but to withdraw it,” he added.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Uruguay seeks kudos from Guantnamo dealUruguay seeks kudos from Guantánamo deal
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/294ef4e0-7f9d-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold climbs as investors seek safetyGold climbs as investors seek safety
Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d49718c-7fc5-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

J&K elections: Congress asks EC to take action against PM12
0
Srinagar: Congress on Tuesday complained to Election Commission against Prime Minister Narendra Modi accusing him of dragging the Army into political controversy in violation of Model Code of Conduct during his campaign in the Kashmir Valley.
"Bringing Army into political controversy or in election campaign is highly objectionable and in violation of Model Code of Conduct.... Immediate stern action may be taken against Modi and BJP for the violation," K C Mittal, Secretary to the AICC's Legal Department told the Commission, referring to the incident in Budgam about which Modi has spoken.
Accusing the Prime Minister of "not even sparing" Army from being dragged into political arena, he said, "We are proud of our defence forces and also their capability and competence to do justice to people, even if any of their officer is at fault. The forces have maintained high standards and discipline while dealing with civilians."
Congress alleged that the Prime Minister has used the Budgam incident as an "electoral tool for political purposes to mischievously take all credit which is against all norms of administrative prudence, ethics and decency".
Congress alleged that the Prime Minister has used the Budgam incident as an "electoral tool for political purposes to mischievously take all credit which is against all norms of administrative prudence, ethics and decency".
4

Oil fall exposes cov-lite energy bonds© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dfba59b0-7fb4-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Senior executives quit Woodford FundsSenior executives quit Woodford Funds
Judith Evans and David Oakley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f85fb378-7fcf-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK stocks: FTSE tumbles on Tesco turmoilSahara Group awaits court verdict that may give jailed Subrata Roy freedom
Britain’s main equity index fell to one-month lows on Tuesday, hit by supermarket retailer Tesco’s fourth profit warning this year.
Shares in Tesco at one stage fell as much as 17 percent to their lowest in around 14 years, wiping some 2.6 billion pounds ($4.1 billion) off the firm’s market capitalisation. It later regained some ground to close 6.6 percent lower.
Tesco blamed its lower profit forecast on the cost of trying to recover from an accounting scandal and a slide in its market share.
The stock’s decline also dragged down rivals such as WM Morrison, which retreated by 4.4 percent, and Sainsbury , which fell 1.8 percent.
“It would be appear to be more of the same for Tesco. We all know that pricing pressure on retailers is intense, in particular on clothing retailers and supermarkets,” said Edmund Shing, global equity portfolio manager at BCS Asset Management.
“However, this may be the last ‘big bath’ provisioning and resetting of forecasts by the new CEO so that Tesco can relaunch on a sensible footing.”
Tesco took the most points off the blue-chip FTSE 100 index , which ended 2.1 percent down at 6,529.47 points — near its lowest in a month. The FTSE also suffered its biggest one-day fall since a 2.8 percent drop on October 15.
A further slump in mining and energy shares also weighed on the market. Energy stocks fell as the price of benchmark Brent crude oil touched five-year lows. A supply glut is building as Gulf producers looked ready to ride out plunging prices.
Mining stocks were also hit as aluminium dropped to multi-month lows in London and Shanghai on concerns over excess supply. Other base metals fell before China, the world’s top metals consumer, releases data that is expected to show economic growth is slowing.
But specialist gold mining stocks benefited as the uncertain economic climate drove up the price of gold, with Randgold Resources rising 3.6 percent.
In spite of the market pullback, Charles Hanover Investments’ partner Dafydd Davies still expected the FTSE to rally to 6,800 points by the end of 2014. He said plans by central bankers to stimulate global economic growth would continue to support equities.
TAGS: UK Stocks
More from industry

Audio of gunshots  federal autopsy released in Michael Brown shootingBy Sarah Larimer December 9 Follow @slarimer
The office of the St. Louis County prosecuting attorney released a second batch of evidence from the Michael Brown case, including an audio recording that captures the sound of gunfire at the time of the shooting. (Office of the St. Louis County prosecuting attorney)
About two weeks after a grand jury declined to indict Darren Wilson for the fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., officials have released a second batch of records and evidence, including the results of a third autopsy conducted on the 18-year-old Brown and an audio recording that captures the sound of gunfire at the time of the shooting.
The evidence released Monday by the office of  St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch also includes witness conversations with federal investigators who were looking into possible civil rights violations in Ferguson. It followed the release of thousands of pages of documents that were distributed after the grand jury’s decision was announced Nov. 24 .
Some of the documents released Monday indicated that witnesses were somewhat jittery during the investigation, which drew widespread media attention.
“I Googled my name and I seen a lot of stuff and I came across something, uh, that somebody put, I seen my picture, and it said something like snitches get stitches, and then under it says something about people talking, they are going to get [redacted], you know, we are going to do something to you,” reads one piece of transcript, from a witness who had previously been interviewed in the media.
Other portions of the transcripts detail what witnesses saw Aug. 9, when Wilson fatally shot Brown . In another interview, a witness said that he had talked with Brown earlier in the day, probably around 8 a.m., when he was walking with a girl in the neighborhood.
“I never seen her before either,” the transcript reads. “And he came through and he say, how you doing sir, how you doing, ma’am. I say how you doing. I said, you all doing okay? Yeah. He said all right, looks like it is going to be a good day. All right. And he walked up.”
The next time he saw Brown, the witness said, the teen’s body was lying on Canfield Drive .
Brown was shot by Wilson, who was a police officer in Ferguson. (Wilson resigned from the department a few days after the grand jury reached its decision.) Brown’s death, and McCulloch’s announcement that there would be no indictment of Wilson, sparked widespread protests and renewed calls for reform in law enforcement nationwide.
RELATED: In three minutes, two lives collide and a nation divides over Ferguson shooting
Before the first batch of evidence was released, prosecutors said some of the documents would be released later because of the time-consuming process of having a lawyer review legally sensitive evidence. They also said it would take time for the court reporter to transcribe some of the testimony.
Some of the evidence files released Monday were related to the federal civil rights probe, rather than the Missouri grand jury investigation. FBI agents conducted multiple interviews with some witnesses because of the simultaneous investigations.
The Justice Department hasn’t concluded its investigation.
The conclusions of the third autopsy, performed by the Armed Forces Medical Examiner System , were similar to those reached by St. Louis County and a private consultant who also examined the remains.
“This 18-year-old male died from multiple gunshot wounds,” it reads. “There are severe injuries of the skull, brain, and right chest.”
The Washington Post obtained 53 Ferguson police radio transmissions from August 9, the day Michael Brown was shot and killed by officer Darren Wilson. Here is an annotated walk through those transmissions. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

CIA torture report pulls no punches© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bba873da-7fdd-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Exxon: N America to be net fuels exporterExxon sees N America as liquid fuels exporter
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fa272e2-7fbc-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi rape: Uber didn t act on accused despite past complaints  says not sure if its drivers are verified44
1
New Delhi: While the rape case against Uber driver Shiv Kumar Yadav is already under investigation, past cases of sexual assault against the accused have also come to the fore. Another young woman Nidhi Shah has now came forward saying she had complained against him just two weeks ago, but Uber officials did not take any action. Though Uber sent a mail to Nidhi after her complaints expressing regret, it offered no concrete action against the accused.
"I've faced this problem with Uber only in India," said the young passenger. "I decided to file a complaint with Uber because he was making me uncomfortable throughout the trip," she added. Nidhi said that the cab driver was staring at her from the rear view mirror and she suspect that Yadav was constantly switching off the gps in the car.
Yadav has several cases of sexual assault pending against him from 2013. He had been booked in 2009 in two molestation cases. He was also booked in 2006 for a case under the Arms Act. He had been acquitted in a 2011 rape case after spending seven months in the Tihar jail.
Another young woman has now came forward saying she had complained against him just two weeks ago, but Uber officials did not take any action.
#uber #uber cab #rape #sexual assault
Meanwhile, the police has widened the probe by filing an FIR against Uber for cheating the public. The company has been banned and blacklisted from operating in the city by Delhi government. The US-based cab service has a total of 4,000 drivers on its roll but it did not have any idea whether they have police verification or posses mandatory Public Service Vehicle (PSV) badge.
The Asia-Pacific head of Uber Alexander flew in from Hong Kong and met senior police officials to cooperate in the investigation. Police has issued a notice under section 91 CrPC to him to provide certain documents of the company.
"We have asked him to submit documents under eight pointers which include details of all the taxis amd its drivers working with them and how you checked their antecedents and the details of the directors of the company," said a senior police official.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma said Bhatia told investigators that Uber have around 4,000 drivers but it did not carry out checking to know whether the cabbies had police verification certificate or possessed PSV. PSV is mandatory for drivers of all public service vehicles in Delhi.
The woman executive was raped allegedly by Shiv Kumar Yadav, a driver with Uber on Friday night. Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi has said that police is examining legal liability of Uber. "We are also legally examining what action can be taken against Uber for not fulfilling its promises," Bassi said.
Police has also found that Uber and other similar companies which operate online platforms linking drivers with customers are registered in India as technology businesses rather than transport companies. Prima facie it has emerged that the company had not formulated procedures to honor the promise of a safe service it advertised about and which people, especially women trust while traveling with them at odd hours.
0

Mamata Banerjee takes industrialists on Sundarbans tour  seeks investmentsDec 10, 2014 at 07:34am IST
Mamata Banerjee takes industrialists on Sundarbans tour, seeks investments
5
0
Sajnekhali: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, who took a select group of industrialists on a tour to the world's largest mangrove forests on Tuesday, urged them to help the government in developing tourism infrastructure.
"I request you to pump in money for promoting tourism and developing infrastructure in our state, particularly the Sunderbans," Banerjee told the 25 industrialists accompanying her on a two-day infrastructure and tourism development tour.
The chief minister promised all assistance from the government saying her regime has a positive approach towards industrialisation.
Mamata Banerjee promised all assistance from the government saying her regime has a positive approach towards industrialisation.
#mamata banerjee #investments #sundarbans #industrialists
Ambuja Neotia Group chief Harshavardhan Neotia promised to come up with a Rs 50 crore project involving construction of 50 cottages as party of an eco-tourism project.
The project, expected to be completed in two years after the start of construction by mid next year, would create 150 jobs, he said.
85

Tata Housing to sell homes at Google s online shopping festTata Housing to sell homes at Google's online shopping fest
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 08:34 IST
Aiming to tap the e-commerce market , Tata Housing will sell a luxury residential project, being developed in Bangalore at a cost of Rs 150 crore, exclusively during Google's online shopping festival starting Wednesday.
The company will construct 75 independent homes and row housing in this 5-acre project. The price of each unit starts from Rs 3.5 crore.
Tata Housing said in a statement that it would "participate in the Google's Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), being held from 10-12 December, by launching an exclusive ultra-luxury project - The Cascades".
Besides this project, the company would also sell housing units of seven other projects across India. It is offering schemes and instant appreciation of prices in these projects.
Consumers can buy homes by paying a booking amount of Rs 50,000 only for all projects and they would get an instant appreciation of up to 15 per cent, Tata Housing said.
"We received a phenomenal response through our pioneering initiative of online sales of real Estate through our partnership with google last year," said Brotin Banerjee, managing director and CEO of Tata Housing, the real estate arm of Tata group.
Stating that online home buying is an emerging platform, he said the company is offering properties ranging from the affordable to the ultra-luxury segment.
In a separate statement, Tata Housing subsidiary Tata Value Homes said it would sell apartments in Boisar near Mumbai exclusively during this festival at a starting price of Rs 16 lakh. Interested customers can express their interest to book by paying Rs 20,000 online.
Tata Value Homes would also offer special one day price for apartments in its other projects across Ahmedabad, Pune, Chennai and Bengaluru starting Rs 32 lakh.

Apple lawsuit likely to continue with new pl...You are here: Home > Collections
Apple lawsuit likely to continue with new plaintiff
AP Dec 10, 2014, 08.22AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(A Massachusetts business…)
OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA: A billion-dollar class-action lawsuit against Apple will likely continue, after a 65-year-old Massachusetts business consultant read about the plaintiffs' floundering case online and volunteered to represent consumers in the suit.
A federal judge said she's tentatively satisfied with a proposal to add Barbara Bennett as the new named plaintiff in the lawsuit over Apple's iTunes software and the price of its iPods. Bennett, who sometimes used her iPod to listen to music while ice skating, boarded a plane early Tuesday and flew to California at the request of lawyers who are suing Apple Inc. on behalf of an estimated 8 million consumers who purchased iPods between 2006 and 2009.
Bennett, who said she bought a special-edition iPod Nano in 2006 because she liked its striking red case, contacted the lawyers and offered to help after reading an online news account that said the case was close to collapsing for lack of a named plaintiff. The case actually started with three plaintiffs suing Apple nearly 10 years ago, but two of them withdrew and the judge disqualified the last one, Marianna Rosen, on Monday amid indications that Rosen didn't herself purchase any of the affected iPods during the time frame covered by the suit.
Attorneys suing Apple have alleged that its use of restrictive software, which kept iPods from playing music purchased from competitors of Apple's iTunes store, effectively blocked rivals from the market and allowed the Cupertino, California, company to sell iPods at inflated prices. Apple says the software was necessary to prevent unauthorized copying. The plaintiffs are seeking $350 million in damages, which could be tripled if the jury finds violations of federal antitrust law.
U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers has repeatedly shown impatience with the plaintiffs' attorneys for not doing a better job of vetting the original named plaintiffs in the case, who are supposed to represent the class of affected consumers.
``We shouldn't have been here in the first place,'' Rogers said as attorneys on both sides debated how to proceed Tuesday morning. A moment later, the judge sharply disagreed when plaintiffs' lawyer Patrick Coughlin suggested his side had suffered when Apple provided an incorrect list _ which was later amended _ of affected iPod models three years ago.
``You never checked'' whether the last plaintiff had purchased the right models, the judge told Coughlin. ``So don't talk to me'' about that, she added.
Bennett's answers to questions in court suggested she wasn't fully up to speed on the complex allegations in the case, but Rogers said she was tentatively satisfied that Bennett qualifies for the job of class representative. The judge said she won't rule until Apple attorneys have a chance to question Bennett more closely in a deposition outside court.
The judge also said she'll wait to rule on a request by news organizations to release a copy of a video showing late Apple CEO Steve Jobs testifying outside court, a few months before he died of cancer in 2011. An attorney for The Associated Press, Bloomberg News and CNN argued Friday that the public has a right to see the video, which was played in open court last week, and that there is a benefit in letting the public see the same depiction of the influential CEO that jurors were shown.
But an Apple attorney argued against releasing the video, saying it would be comparable to releasing a video of testimony given inside the courtroom, which is not allowed under federal court rules. Apple lawyer Jonathan Sherman also said releasing the video would encourage news organizations or the public to request other deposition videos in the future and discourage witnesses from cooperating.
Apple shares closed up $1.72 at $114.12 on Tuesday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nikkei tumbles to 1-week low on Greece anxietyBank of Japan
(The Nikkei benchmark dropped…)
TOKYO: Japanese stocks tumbled to a more than one-week low on Wednesday morning, as political uncertainty in Greece spooked world markets already under strain from a slide in crude oil prices and worries over global growth.
The resulting flight to safety drove the yen higher and took a toll on exporters.
The Nikkei benchmark dropped 1.5 per cent to 17,542.67 in mid-morning trade after falling to as low as 17,518.05 earlier, the lowest since Dec. 2.
Traders said the benchmark should be supported by its 25-day moving average of 17,378 for now on hopes that the Bank Of Japan would buy exchange traded funds, or ETFs, when the market falls.
On Monday and Tuesday, the central bank bought a combined 74.8 billion yen worth of ETFs and 1.3 billion yen worth J-REITs.
Brent crude was down 1.6 per cent to $65.78 during Asian trade after hitting a fresh five-year low of $65.29 the previous day. Oil prices have been under pressure amid a massive supply glut, after OPEC decided against an output cut.
European political woes added to the anxiety, after the government in Athens brought forward a presidential vote that heightened uncertainty over the country's transition out of its IMF/EU bailout.
"Market euphoria over the recent positive news is fading out for now as investors shift to risk-averse from risk-taking," said Hiroyuki Nakai, chief strategist at Tokai Tokyo Research Center.
The Nikkei has gained 12 per cent since the BOJ's surprise easing on Oct. 31.
"People started to look at the negative effect that weak oil prices would have on developers in the world and how that would affect the global economy," Nakai said.
China's latest inflation report did little to help sentiment, with data showing its annual consumer inflation eased to a five-year low of 1.4 per cent in November from 1.6 per cent in October.
Exporters dropped, with Fanuc Corp shedding 2.3 per cent and Toyota Motor Corp falling 2.5 per cent.
The dollar slid to 119.68 yen, having dropped more than 2 per cent at one stage to 117.90 in a vicious turnaround from a seven-year peak of 121.86 set on Monday.
Bucking the market, Skymark Airlines soared 12 per cent to 258 yen, the highest since Nov. 25 after ANA Holdings Inc said it would consider helping struggling Skymark.
The broader Topix dropped 1.4 per cent to 1,416.19, and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 slid 1.5 per cent to 12,850.49.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sundaram Smile Fund buys 4 lakh shares of Grindwell NortonDec 10, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sundaram Smile Fund buys 4 lakh shares of Grindwell Norton
On December 09, 2014 Sundaram Smile Fund bought 4,00,000 shares of Grindwell Norton.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sundaram Smile Fund buys 4 lakh shares of Grindwell Norton
On December 09, 2014 Sundaram Smile Fund bought 4,00,000 shares of Grindwell Norton.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 09, 2014 Sundaram Smile Fund bought 4,00,000 shares of  Grindwell Norton at Rs 580 on the BSE.
On Tuesday Grindwell Norton ended at Rs 559.60, down Rs 17.80, or 3.08 percent on the BSE.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 630.35 and 52-week low Rs 229.60 on 05 December, 2014 and 04 February, 2014, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 16.11 per share. (Sep, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 34.74. The latest book value of the company is Rs 101.39 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 5.52. The dividend yield of the company was 1.16 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Godrej eyes acquisitions to fuel growthGodrej eyes acquisitions to fuel growth
IANS | Kolkata Dec 10, 2014 08:20 AM IST
Godrej Group, which is eyeing acquisitions to fuel growth, Tuesday said it was expecting a 20% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) by 2020.
"By 2050, India will be the world's largest economy and by 2040, I think India will overtake USA", group Chairman Adi Godrej said during an informal media interaction here Tuesday night.
He said China would overtake USA in the long-run and India, because of its demographic strength, would emerge as the leader in the world economy.
Godrej said the Mumbai-headquartered conglomerate was looking at a '20% CAGR by 2020 both organically and inorganically'.
The company is targeting a 26% increase in its sales and is in talks to acquire the Darling Group Holdings (DGH), which operates in 14 countries across Africa selling hair extension products.
"It will be a gradual process. We have planned the acquisition in stages and have 51% stake in the company presently", Godrej added.
Not disclosing the deal value, Godrej said, of the 14 countries where DGH has a presence, Godrej group has completed the acquisition for eight entities and the rest will be completed shortly.
As part of its growth strategy, the diversified Indian business group has been consistently acquiring firms in the hair care business, a segment where it has products in the hair colour, hair dye, mehendi and hair oil categories.
It also also forayed into the hair salon sphere after picking up a 30% stake in Mumbai-based premium hair salon chain B:blunt for an undisclosed amount.
Offshore earnings contribute to 31% of the company's annual turnover.

Uber received complaint about rape accused driver from another womanUber received complaint about rape accused driver from another woman
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 21:54 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:50 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
A US-based woman came forward on Tuesday saying she had filed a complaint with Uber against the driver, accused of raping a 25-year-old executive, almost a week ago. However, no action was taken by the app-based cab hailing service, she alleged.
Shiv Kumar Yadav has been sent to police custody after the reported attack on Friday, when the woman said he raped her in his taxi, threatened to insert a metal rod inside her and ordered her not to tell authorities about the incident.
Nidhi Shah, who took Yadav's cab on November 26, first revealed her experience with Yadav on Twitter. In a series of tweets, Shah posted pictures of the taxi receipt, which had the driver's name written on it, and of her email complaint to Uber.
"I took a cab with Shiv Kumar Yadav in Delhi on November 26, scares me beyond belief," Shah tweeted.
"I had reported Him to Uber. They replied via email that they would check on him," she wrote.
"I was coming from Chandni Chowk and the driver started staring at me and giving me lecherous glances. He kept smiling at me and looking at me using the rare view mirror. The situation became so bad that I had to hide behind the seat to avoid his stares. I later filed a written complaint with Uber but no action was taken against the driver," said Shah told NDTV.
She said she received a reply from Uber saying "someone will have a chat with the driver", but there was no further follow-up.
Shah went back to the US few days after the incident but said that the laid back attitude of people encourages such perpetrators.
 
I had reported Shiv Kumar Yadav to @Uber on Nov 26th. They said via email they would check on him. Not soon enough. #DelhiShamedAgain
— Nidhi Shah (@nps2113) December 8, 2014
 
— Nidhi Shah (@nps2113) December 9, 2014
"I blame myself for not taking the complaint seriously. Maybe if I had insisted on stricter action, the (rape) incident could have been avoided," she told the TV channel.
Uber's head of Asia operations Allen Penn told Hindustan Times his firm is deeply sorry for the woman who was sexually assaulted and will do everything to support her family.
When asked whether they check the antecedents of the drivers, Penn said his company checks vehicles and all documents in person when a driver registers with them.
"We check drivers license, commercial vehicle registration and banking information. We get that for all the drivers. We have had frequent communication with the police and we hope justice is brought. We know the documents that are required. All payments to drivers are made electronically to their bank accounts. Banks have KYC for all account holders. We will see what else can we do. We will continue to improve."
The 32-year-old has emerged as a notorious serial sexual offender and also got bail in other cases, including one that charged him with illegal possession of a gun.
Yadav was arrested in Mainpuri in 2013 on rape charges but released on bail six months later. Delhi Police have already revealed his involvement in another previous case of rape in 2011, for which he spent seven months in Tihar jail but was let off after the case fell.
Official records show Yadav has a string of criminal complaints against him, including two molestation cases, but managed to obtain a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged.

Big money: Oil to fall more  but energy stocks OKDec 10, 2014, 08.40 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Big money: Oil to fall more, but energy stocks OK?
Bill Perkins, chief investment officer of energy-focused hedge fund firm Skylar Capital Management believes crude could fall as low as $45/ barrel. He focuses on natural gas, as he believes owning strong companies in the sector is a good bet because of continued demand and cheaper production.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Big money: Oil to fall more, but energy stocks OK?
Bill Perkins, chief investment officer of energy-focused hedge fund firm Skylar Capital Management believes crude could fall as low as $45/ barrel. He focuses on natural gas, as he believes owning strong companies in the sector is a good bet because of continued demand and cheaper production.
Post your opinion here
 
Private money managers who invest in energy think the price of oil will continue to fall — even as crude hit a five-year low on Tuesday — but some still see opportunity in related companies.
"Oil is going to a new price point because of the revolution in production," said Bill Perkins, chief investment officer of energy-focused hedge fund firm Skylar Capital Management.
Perkins believes the price of crude could fall as low as USD 45 a barrel. He is personally short, a bet that the price of the commodity will drop. He believes oil will settle between USD 45 and USD 80 a barrel in the next year.
At the same time, Perkins is individually invested in an undisclosed oil-related business — Skylar focuses on natural gas — as he believes owning strong companies in the sector is a good bet because of continued demand and cheaper production.
"Companies are harnessing amazing new technology to destroy the traditional energy value chain," Perkins said. "There's a lot of money to be made on that."
Read More: Cheap gas — bet on these 5 stocks: Mario Gabelli
Recent data from Credit Suisse's hedge fund servicing unit show that commodity trading specialists are still short crude contracts. At the same time, the bank said in a Dec. 3 report, hedge fund managers who focus on stocks added to their long bets over November despite the continued price drop.
"U.S. energy names remain a significant net exposure for equity long/short managers who added longs and cut shorts after October's trough," the report said. "If pressed, one could interpret this positioning as bullish for energy stocks."
Overall, energy stocks represent 14 percent of equity hedge fund portfolios, a relatively large position, and 10 percent of the top 100 most common long positions overall, according to Credit Suisse.
MORE CRUDE PAIN
Read More: Brent bounces off 5-year low
Many hedge fund managers still think the price of oil will keep falling. They include Andy Hall of Astenbeck Capital Management (per a Reuters report), Paul Singer of Elliott Management and Pierre Andurand of Andurand Capital Management.
"I expect that prices will carry on coming off to rebalance the market," said Andurand, a Frenchman who was previously CIO of commodities investor BlueGold.
Andurand thinks crude could hit USD 50 a barrel in the first quarter of 2015 and then rebound to a high of USD 70 in the fourth quarter. He said the oil market is oversupplied by between 1.5 and 2 million barrels per day, given weak demand, low disruptions to supply and increased production by nations that don't belong to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
"OPEC is not the swing producer anymore. US shale oil producers are, but will take more time to react to prices than OPEC — it is a game changer that will lead to more volatile prices and bigger price ranges," he added.
Andurand isn't as bullish on energy stocks as others. "I expect that high-cost, highly leveraged shale oil companies will be at risk, there will be more (mergers and acquisitions) activity in the sector and some countries will be at risk of default," he said.
Andurand Capital's main fund is up 20 percent this year after gaining 18 percent in November on bearish bets, according to a person familiar with the performance (a spokesman for the firm declined to comment on returns). The firm manages USD 350 million, according to the person.
Spokesmen for Astenbeck and Elliott did not respond to a request for comment.
SECOR Asset Management also successfully shorted oil and related stocks in November, according to a person with knowledge of the performance.
The firm's USD 170 million SECOR Alpha Fund, a systematic macroeconomic vehicle led by former top Goldman Sachs quantitative investor Ray Iwanowski, gained 7.4 percent for the month and is up 22.6 percent for the year, according to the person. The computer models correctly predicted that the high price of oil would spur shale oil production in the US, eventually leading to oversupply and a drop in price.
SECOR's investing models — which assess all sorts of global securities and markets and then take positions to profit off the results — still indicate that crude is overpriced, according to the person. The hedge fund has short bets against stocks in the exploration and production sector and against crude oil as a commodity via futures contracts.
A spokesman for SECOR, which launched in September 2012, declined to comment.
Another oil bear is Elliott's Singer.
"We believe the trend of strong US supply is likely to continue for the next several years, which should depress oil prices further, absent further supply outages in the Middle East and North Africa," Singer wrote in a letter to investors Oct. 28.
Read More: Wall Street banks making huge bet on this
That bearish view was reflected by Morgan Stanley.
"The risk of oil prices moving even lower into 2015 (as well as higher volatility) is now significantly elevated," bank analysts wrote in a research report. "By 2Q15, the market will be oversupplied and needs to find a mechanism to balance."
Morgan Stanley said the price would need to fall as low as USD 35 or USD 40 a barrel to stop production and rebalance supply.
Still, the bank noted that the price will likely rise eventually.
"Oversupply is likely exaggerated and the market may be complacent about upside risks," the report said.
RELATED NEWS

Backed by Congress  Select Committee to submit report on Insurance Bill in Rajya Sabha todayDec 10, 2014 at  08:24am IST
Backed by Congress, Select Committee to submit report on Insurance Bill in Rajya Sabha today
43
0
New Delhi: After a delay of almost seven years, the legislative approval to hike foreign direct investment in insurance sector from 26 per cent to 49 per cent may finally come from Parliament. The Select Committee on the Insurance Bill will submit its report to the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
The Congress has already given its nod to the Bill paving the way for a long pending economic reform. The Bill likely to now see a smooth sailing in the Upper House where the NDA govt does not have the numbers.
The Select Committee head for the Insurance Bill Chandan Mitra said, "We have addressed concerns of the Congress. It hasn't given any dissent note."
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi said, "We want certain caps and concerns to be addressed."
Some regional parties like Trinamool Congress, CPM, Samajwadi party and JDU are opposed to it.
TMC MP Derek O'Brien said, "We have many reasons why we are opposed to this Bill. The Bill is not passing in this session of Parliament."
The government was keen on getting the Bill passed before Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit in September, but when it hit the opposition roadblock in the Rajya Sabha it took the select committee route. With US President Barack Obama visiting India in January, the government would want to showcase this as a key reforms bill that will boost investor sentiment.
3

Cartoon of the day: SpiceJet stops advance bookings after DGCA s stern warningmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Ignoring ban after cab rape case  Uber is still taking bookings in DelhiSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Uber’s operations head for South Asia, Allen Penn, said on Tuesday that the cab service was still taking bookings across India, including in Delhi, and would continue to do so as the “livelihood of thousands of drivers depended” on his firm’s service.
Delhi government had banned Uber’s services on Monday after massive outrage over the alleged rape of a Gurgaon executive by one of its drivers in Delhi on Friday night. “The last few days have been difficult for Delhi, particularly the victim. Our condolences go out to her and the family. We are deeply sorry about the incident and want to do everything we can to help her,” Penn told reporters here late Tuesday.
“We are still trying to get the details of the ban. Though we respect the government and its rules and regulations, we are also committed to our drivers and will continue to support them as their livelihood depends on Uber. They have to feed their families and we cannot abandon them at this time of need.”
According to Penn, Uber first received a call from Delhi Police at 9 am on Saturday. “They had a name which did not match any of our records, but the phone number they provided matched our database. We quickly provided the police the driver’s name, photograph, address and all the necessary documents available with us. Since the GPS tracking system provides us all details, we were also able to tell the police the route which the cab had taken.”
Since then, Penn said, Uber had been “closely” following up with the police. “Our priority in the last few days has been to cooperate with the investigating agencies.”
Penn said the licences were issued to the drivers by the Indian government much before the company started operations here. “All these trips were still happening. It was the same drivers, same cabs, same driving licences, same documents, same travellers — literally nothing has changed. The only difference Uber has made is to facilitate more business, help drivers get more rides, make more money.”
Penn also claimed that the company carries out “all required checks” including the personal details of the drivers and the fitness of the vehicles. Once a driver registers with Uber, in-person checks are conducted at the Gurgaon office. Uber, he added, has 50 employees in India and the team is responsible for these checks in its offices in each city. Once registered, information from the documents provided by the drivers is fed into Uber’s system.
“The most important verification is the bank account. Uber requires the drivers to have a bank account to pay them. And a bank account needs a KYC verification process,” he explained.
TAGS: Uber Cab
More from companies

Rahul Gandhi blasts Modi government s  failure  to live up to promisesBJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela
Harping on the theme of the Narendra Modi government making a U-turn on poll promises, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi said on Tuesday that it had not done anything for the people and accused the BJP of creating animosity among communities in poll-bound states.
Addressing a massive party rally held here to mark the conclusion of the month-long “Janapakasha Yatra” of KPCC president V M Sudheeran, Gandhi said the people would soon get tired of the “fake dreams” fed by NDA and turn back to Congress again.
“My simple question to the government is that people of the country have given a mandate and what exactly you have done on that,” Gandhi said citing the “failures” of the government on promises like retrieving black money stashed abroad.
“The central idea of NDA is that the government does not give power to people. It makes communities fight each other. They run the country for a few people and corporates,” Gandhi alleged.
“I notice one thing. Prior to elections, there is violence between communities. There were riots in Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Haryana and Jharkhand,” he said.
Tearing into the Swach Bharat mission launched by the Prime Minister, he charged that except for words no sufficient budget had been provided for the programme across the country including for villages under his Amethi constituency.
Singling out Modi for attack, he said the government was being run as if “one man could singlehandedly” transform the country, which was in sharp contrast to Congress’s vision of empowering people.
“The view of the Prime Minister, BJP and RSS is that one man can singlehandedly transform the country. This single man sitting in Delhi can change everything. They do not believe in empowering people,” he said.
Gandhi did not target the CPI(M)-led LDF which is the main opposition in Kerala.
More from miscellaneous

Rape cases on rise in Delhi: CongressBJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela
Congress attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday saying the number of rape cases in the national capital has risen by more than 15 per cent since he assumed power and questioned him if he wants to give Delhi the status of “Super Rape Capital”.
Reeling out figures, party spokesperson Shobha Oza said 1,221 rape cases have taken place in Delhi in last six months and the rate of such cases have risen by 15.25 per cent.
“During the Lok Sabha polls campaign, Modi and BJP had said that they would put to check to such crimes if they came to power. They have asked voters not to forget Nirbhaya case when they go to cast their vote.
“They had repeatedly said that Congress government made Delhi a rape capital. Now four rape cases are being registered daily in Delhi. Will the Prime Minister now give Delhi the status of Super Rape Capital,” Oza said at the AICC briefing.
She also alleged that Modi and Home Minister Rajnath Singh were silent on rapes and other cases of women exploitation.
Quoting from a purported statement by the Home Minister of BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh, she alleged that 2,126 rape in last one year were registered in the state in which five women were killed and 11 others committed suicide as they “did not get justice”.
She also invoked the rape case against Union Minister Nihal Chand saying that the government stood by him even as Rajasthan police kept hunting for the minister and did not find him.
Oza accused the government of “speaking in different voices” on the rape incident in Delhi involving the Uber Taxi service.
TAGS: Congress Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Delhi rape: Shock  anger echoes in Rajya SabhaBJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela
The shock and anger over rape of a woman in a taxi in Delhi echoed in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, prompting the government to promise stern action against the accused besides steps to create an atmosphere of safety for women.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh informed the House that this year, till November, 25,000 rape cases have been registered from across the country, which is a “national shame”.
Taking a serious view of the situation, members cutting across party lines hurled questions as to how such incidents continue to occur despite “tall claims” of the government and a spate of initiatives after the infamous Nirbhaya episode of 2011 to protect women and a strong legislation.
Sharing concerns of the members, Singh said as a Home Minister, he was “pained” over such incidents.
Condemning the rape of the woman in a taxi by its driver on Friday night, he said the Centre has asked all states and union territories to ensure stoppage of web-based taxi services like Uber, which are not licensees with them.
Operations of Uber have already been banned in Delhi.
Singh, however, made it clear that the government was not in favour of banning taxi services but wants to regulate their operations. The government’s intentions should not be questioned in this regard, he added.
Making a suo motu statement and replying to queries by the members, Singh said it will be ensured that all necessary steps are taken to bring the offender to justice.
The Home Minister said the Delhi Police, which comes directly under him, is examining the legal liability of the taxi service Uber.
He said the “character” certificate that the accused had obtained was fake. The accused was earlier apprehended on charges of rape and subsequently acquitted after a year.
Earlier, members condemned the heinous crime.
Anand Sharma (Cong) wanted to know whether the government was looking into lapses committed by Delhi police and Transport Department for not doing a background check before issuing license and registeration.
Taking a dig at the government, he said while it banned the Uber services, a Cabinet Minister criticised the action against the cab provider. He suggested that they may sit together and arrive at a consensus.
“We can not live like this. We are not safe,” said woman member of CPI(M) T N Seema while demanding immediate safety and security measures for women.
Rajani Patil (Cong) said the previous UPA government’s initiative to start a website to name-and-shame rape convicts by the National Crime Record Bureau has been given a quiet burial.
Jaya Bacchan (SP), who earlier said she will register her “silent protest”, stood on her feet after the Minister’s statment and said, “I am saying with lots of pain and angst that nothing happens here” on women safety issues.
Deputy Chairman P J Kurien asked her not to make such remarks while saying the House was united in condemning the henious incident.
K C Tyagi (JDU) said he felt “ashamed to be a man” after such incidents and also pointed out slow pace of judicial process in Nirbhaya case.
S C Misra (BSP) questioned the utility of the large fleet of police vehicles for surveillance in checking such incidents.
Naresh Agarwal (SP) cautioned against giving political colour to the issue, Derek O’ Brien (Trinamool) demanded to know what concrete action the government had initiated for safety of women since Nirbhaya incident including the number of all-women police stations and setting up of fast-track courts.
Vijay Goel (BJP) urged the government to issue directions so that any PCR van, when called, should proceed immediately instead of demanding that 100 number should be dialled first.
D Raja (CPI) said it was a matter of grave concern that even school girls were being abused.
Others who expressed their concerns included Ramdas Athawale (RPIA), Viplove Thakur (Cong) A Navneetkrishnan and Rajni Patil (Cong) Rajeev Shukla (Cong), Renuka Chowdhary (Cong), JD Seelam (Cong) and Tapan Sen (CPIM).
The Home Minister said there is no shortage of laws but their proper implementation is the need of the hour if such incidents have to be checked. These cases can be addressed through fast track courts, he added.
Talking about conviction, he said the rate in Delhi is 36 per cent, higher than the national average.
On concerns of members about women safety, he cited steps like maintaining of vigil at 255 sensitive locations/roads in the capital, installation of CCTV cameras in 200 buses and 3707 CCTV public places with plans for 1518 more.
He said the strength of PCR vans will be raised to 1000 soon and it will be ensured that these vans initiate action immediately after any complaint without waiting for any call.
With regard to unmanned places, he said he will call a meeting to ensure security in such places.
Listing out the initiatives taken to strengthen the security apparatus in the capital, he said installation of GPS system has been made compulsory in all public transport system.
He also answered criticism about utilisation of the Nirbhaya Fund, saying Rs 320 crore has been sanctioned for a women security emergency response scheme and the project would be implemented in the next six to seven month.
Giving details of the rape incident, the Home Minister earlier said that the woman reported that while sitting in the taxi, she dozed off for a while and then suddently realised that the taxi was parked at an isolated place.
The driver was trying to molest her on the back seat. She tried to raise an alarm but the driver threatened her of physical injury and then she was sexually assaulted in the car, he said.
After committing the crime, the driver dropped her at her home at around 1 am and threatened her again not to disclose the incident to anyone.
As soon as the information reached the police, a case was registered on December 6 under sections 376, 323 and 506 of the IPC.
Immediately police teams were formed to identify and locate the culprit. The woman was sent for medical examination and she was also counselled by an NGO volunteer authorised by Delhi Commission for women, he said.
Following clues, the driver was zeroed down to Mathura.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Rajnath Singh Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous

750-point correction wipes out Rs 2.5-lakh crore in market-cap750-point correction wipes out Rs 2.5-lakh crore in market-cap
Deepak Korgaonkar | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 09:25 AM IST
After hitting Rs 100-lakh crore in the last week of November, an over 750-point correction in the S&P BSE Sensex has seen a market capitalisation erosion of more than Rs 250,000 crore in past three trading sessions.
Total investor wealth, measured in terms of cumulative market value of all listed companies, plummeted by Rs 267,191 crore and stood at Rs 98,05,882 crore at the end of the day's trade on Tuesday. It was Rs 10,073,073 crore on December 4. S&P BSE Sensex declined 766 points from 28,563 to close at 27,797 today.
Of this, nearly half or Rs 1,36,371 crore got eroded just from the 30-share BSE Sensex companies that include blue chips like Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Infosys and State Bank of India (SBI), which saw market-cap erosion of more than Rs 10,000 crore each.
60 stocks saw market capitalisation erosion by more than Rs 1,000 crore each. TCS was the biggest loser, that recorded m-cap erosion of Rs 23,348 crore in past three trading sessions. The stock fell 4.5% from Rs 2,637 to Rs 2,517 on the BSE.
ONGC has hit its lowest level since May 13, 2014, down nearly 4% to Rs 352 on the BSE, after Brent crude oil hit a new five-year low. The stock declined 5% in past three sessions, recorded Rs 15,828 crore market-cap erosion.
The stock of the country’s biggest explorer has underperformed the market by falling nearly 24.5% from its record closing high of Rs 466 on June 6, 2014 compared to about 10% rise in the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex.
Infosys, whose founders sold 32.6 million shares of the company for Rs 6,484 crore via open market on Monday, have seen m-cp erosion of Rs 15,792 crore. The stock declined 6.5% from Rs 2,102 to Rs 1,965 during past three trading sessions.
Market experts, however, suggest that investors should use the current fall in equities as an opportunity to buy from a long-term perspective.
“Technically, we are of the view that unless and until the market is not approaching to major supports buying may not emerge but it’s a normal correction and investors should use it as an opportunity to buy and traders can take contra view of buying around major supports,” said Shrikant Chouhan, Head- Technical Research, Kotak Securities.
Meanwhile, out of BSE-500 companies, the market value of 139 stocks declined more than 5% each in past three trading sessions. SpiceJet, HCL Infosystems, Vaibhav Gems, CCL International, Rattan India Power, Gitanalji Gems, Alok Industries, Shasun Pharmaceuticals and CESC declined between 10-15%.

China Nov consumer inflation eases to 5-year low of 1.4%China Nov consumer inflation eases to 5-year low of 1.4%
Reuters | Beijing Dec 10, 2014 01:05 PM IST
China's inflation hit a five-year low in November, stoking expectations that Beijing will move more aggressively to head off the risk of deflation in a slowing economy, which put fresh life into soaring share markets after a reversal on Tuesday.
Consumer price inflation grew at its slowest rate in five years in November, while the producer pricing index (PPI) is already reading negative after its 33rd straight monthly decline, down 2.7% from a year earlier.
"The PPI deflation clearly suggests Chinese corporates are struggling amid economic slowdown," wrote ANZ economists in a research note.
"(The) real cost of funds is close to 10%, which will further squeeze profit margin and increase debt burden."
Investors have been calling for China to ease monetary policy since 2013 to shore up growth, and the calls have become louder as the world's second-largest economy continued to slow.
China is now heading for its weakest growth since 1990, and government insiders say GDP and inflation targets may be revised at the next economic meeting.
The central bank had held off on any big changes until Nov 21, when it made a surprise cut to lending rates, leading economists to speculate that regulators had been alarmed by internal previews of economic data, in particular signs of deflationary risk.
That cut has been widely credited - or blamed - for setting off a speculative stock market rally that had been explosive until a sharp fallback on Tuesday.
Shares were strongly higher again on Wednesday, with the SSE Composite index storming up 3% in late trade, as traders judge that government will increase the flow of cash into the economy by cutting banks' reserve requirement ratios (RRR), which will allow them to lend more.
"We believe the next move will have to be a RRR cut in order to regain policy effectiveness and credibility," ANZ economists wrote.
Some are expecting a cut in RRR by year-end to recharge business confidence.
A cut to RRR could put an estimated 2.37 trillion yuan ($383 billion) of new base money into the system, an unwieldy sum to hit an economy still grappling with asset bubbles and industrial overcapacity from the last easing cycle in 2009.
Some blame China's current woes on that last round of stimulus, which they say sapped corporate competitiveness by making it too easy to load up on debt but too hard to go bust.
Before the afternoon jump on the stock markets, analysts warned that stock, forex and debt investors were wary of any signs of regulatory crackdowns aimed at stabilising markets after a few days of wild swings.
In particular, some say the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) could restrict the use of leveraging by retail and corporate investors, which media reports say has exacerbated volatility in the stock market.
On the forex markets, while accelerated easing would be negative for the value of the yuan, the spot yuan firmed against the dollar on Wednesday after dropping over 0.5% over the two previous days. Some traders attributed that to behind-the-scenes intervention by the PBOC to head off a destabilising slide in the exchange rate.

SKS Micro gains on UBS buy ratingSKS Micro gains on UBS buy rating
Reuters
Tweet
December 10, 2014:  
SKS Microfinance rose as much as 4.7 per cent in early trade as UBS initiated the stock with "buy" rating and price target of Rs 500.
At 9.50 am, the stock was trading at Rs 363.80, up Rs 14.85 or 4.26 per cent.
Non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, UBS has said. UBS expects FY15-17 earnings CAGR of 66 per cent for SKS.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Asian markets hit on global growth concerns  political uncertainty in GreeceAsian markets hit on global growth concerns, political uncertainty in Greece
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 10:  
Oil prices were knocked again on Wednesday, with Asian shares and the dollar also pulling back as global growth concerns and political uncertainty in Greece prompting a flight to safety.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.4 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei stock average was down more than 1 per cent.
Japanese govt survey
A Japanese government survey released before the market opened showed big Japanese manufacturers grew less optimistic in October-December and they see conditions worsening further in the following quarter, suggesting that the economy is slow to recover from a recession.
US crude futures were down more than 1 per cent at $63.12 a barrel. Oil prices have been under pressure amid a massive supply glut, after OPEC decided against an output cut.
Crude stockpiles
Adding to pressure on crude prices, the American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, reported a 4.4 million barrel build in crude stockpiles last week when analysts had predicted a drop.
European political woes
European political woes added to the gloomy mood. Greek shares and sovereign bond markets plunged after the government in Athens brought forward a presidential vote that heightened uncertainty over the country’s transition out of its IMF/EU bailout.
Global growth concerns
World markets have been buffeted in recent months on signs of weakening global growth, with a rout in oil prices in particular triggering a bout of volatility.
“Volatility surged, most equity markets were routed and a number of consensus trades shaken in London/New York,’’ Sean Callow, a currency strategist at Westpac, said in a note. “US interest rates fell on safe-haven demand for Treasuries and the US dollar followed suit.’’
Treasury yields
The yield on benchmark 10-year notes stood at 2.221 per cent, not far from its US close of 2.220 per cent on Tuesday.
The dollar was down about 0.1 per cent on the day at 119.52 yen, after shedding more than 2 per cent at one point on Tuesday to trade as low as 117.90 yen. The greenback marked a seven-year high of 121.86 yen on Monday.
The euro was up about 0.1 per cent at $1.2381.
Sell-off in Chinese shares
A sell-off in Chinese shares on Tuesday also dragged down the global sentiment. China’s official bond clearing house also rattled markets by tightening the collateral rules. It excluded about 500 billion yuan ($81 billion) worth of corporate bonds from being used for bond repurchase agreements.
On Wall Street overnight, major indexes ended lower, though the S&P 500 was nearly flat.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

NCP slams Gadkari over supporting Uber taxisBJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) hit out at Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari for opposing the decision to ban the cab services of Uber across the country.
NCP spokesman Nawab Malik said Gadkari’s comment reflect as if he was a minister of the USA and not India.
In a tweet, Malik said, “Shame on you Mr Gadkari. Are you Transport Minister of India or USA? You are supporting Uber instead of standing by the victim.”
The government’s decision to stop the private taxi service by Uber across the country today evoked mixed reactions from political parties.
While a section, including Union Road Transport and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari was not in favour of stopping the services of Uber, few MPs favoured action against the taxi service provider.
“New developments are taking place in the transport system through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, bus for bus accidents and taxis is not correct,” Gadkari said outside Parliament House in New Delhi.
TAGS: Delhi Rape NCP Nitin Gadkari
More from miscellaneous

India clamps down on unregistered taxis after Uber rape caseSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
India ordered state governments to halt the operations of all unregistered, web-based taxi companies on Tuesday after a 27-year-old MNC Executive was raped in New Delhi by a Uber cab drive Shiv Kumar Yadav.
The move in India was followed by separate government and court actions against Uber in Thailand, Spain and the United States on a variety of issues.
The rape case in India has caused uproar after it emerged that the suspect had previously been charged for rape but had obtained a character reference signed by a police officer that was forged.
It has also revealed a failure to regulate the booming market for app-based taxi services in India. The Delhi transport department said it ordered Uber to cease operations on Monday by post.
“Such service providers which are not licensed … are prohibited to operate till they get themselves registered,” Home Minister Rajnath Singh told parliament, where several lawmakers grilled him over the lack of women’s safety in the capital.
“The Delhi Police is also exploring the issue of possible legal liability of the taxi service Uber in the crime committed,” he said.
Singh’s comments came after New Delhi’s transport division banned Uber and other similar web-based taxi providers that are unregistered. A public notice on Tuesday stated only six radio taxi companies will operate in New Delhi.
In Thailand on Tuesday transport authorities ordered the company to cease operations, saying drivers picking up fare-paying passengers via Uber were neither registered nor insured to drive commercial vehicles.
In Spain, a judge ordered Uber to cease operations as a local taxi association prepared a case accusing it of unfair competition.
In Chicago, police said they were investigating an allegation that an Uber driver raped a female customer. Uber said it was cooperating with police and called the incident “appalling.”
In California prosecutors said that a former Uber driver was charged with misdemeanor vehicular manslaughter in the death of a 6-year-old girl who was struck in a San Francisco crosswalk on New Year’s Eve.
Taxi booking apps have irked drivers at traditional taxi firms across the globe. Consumers are increasingly using the smartphone software to find people willing to drive them, rather than booking a cab by phone.
Uber was blacklisted in New Delhi on Monday after police said it had failed to run background checks on the driver, who was held three years ago on suspicion of rape but later acquitted.
The arrested driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody for three days. Yadav had obtained a reference from the Delhi Police, but the deputy commissioner of police for north Delhi Madhur Verma told Reuters it was forged.
Verma also said the police had registered “a case against Uber for cheating its customers and violating government orders”.
The Uber case has reignited a debate about the safety of women in Asia’s third-largest economy, especially New Delhi, which is often dubbed India’s rape capital.
In 2012, a fatal gang rape of a young woman taking public transport in the city led to nationwide protests and forced the government to enact laws imposing stricter penalties and formation of fast-track courts.
Uber was valued at $40 billion last week after its latest funding round ahead of an expected initial public offering. In India, Uber’s second-largest market after the United States by number of cities covered, the company has been operating in 11 cities.
India’s central bank had earlier rapped Uber for violating the country’s credit card payment system by using a so-called one-step authorisation process while the regulator requires a two-step procedure. Uber later complied, calling the requirement “unnecessary and burdensome”.
UBER STILL ON
A representative for Uber said the company had not been officially notified of any ban in New Delhi and would issue a statement. It was still possible to hail an Uber taxi in Delhi using the company’s smartphone application.
“What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific,” Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive officer, said in a statement on Monday before the ban. “We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice.”
Uber driver Satish Kumar, who has been associated with the company for 11 months, told Reuters he works for another travel company that is enrolled with Uber. He was unaware of the ban.
“We will only consider a ban once our app stops working,” said Kumar, whose company pays 20 percent of the fare to Uber.
“If it is banned, we will suffer losses. It is up to the authorities to do the checks. Why blame the company and make others suffer?” he asked.
Before joining Uber, Kumar said he was trained for two days on basic etiquette and using the mobile app. He only submitted a copy of his driving licence and identity card to the company. He was not interviewed.
Uber taxis were also violating norms by plying within the city despite having an all-India tourist permit that mandates only inter-state travel, a government official said.
“They have not made any efforts to get themselves registered. They have just tried to use the loopholes in the system to run a service and gain commercially,” said a Delhi transport department official on condition of anonymity.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Swedish file-sharing website Pirate bay takendownBy: Reuters | Stockholm |
Posted: December 10, 2014 9:57 am
Swedish file-sharing website The Pirate Bay was taken down after Swedish police seized servers and computers from a server room in Stockholm.
“We had a crackdown on a server room in Greater Stockholm because of a copyright infringement, and yes it was Pirate Bay,” Paul Pinter, national coordinator, intellectual property crime at Stockholm County Police told Reuters.
Other file-sharing sites such as EZTV, Zoink, and Torrage were also offline, as was Pirate Bay’s forum Suprbay.org. It was unsure if Pirate Bay was taken down for hosting some of the movies leaked due to the recent cyber attack on Sony Corp’s Sony Pictures Entertainment, tech website Wired reported.
Pirate Bay resurfaced for a while late Tuesday, after changing its domain name to .cr (Costa Rica), according to Russian news site Rt.com

http://usat.ly/1u9JA4IVenture capital is facing up to its diversity problem
Trade group is forming a diversity task force. Seven out of 11 members are white men.
Post to Facebook
Venture capital is facing up to its diversity problem Trade group is forming a diversity task force. Seven out of 11 members are white men. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8r54e
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Venture capital is facing up to its diversity problem
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 4:47 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Venture capital firms control the spigot of wealth in high-tech.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
111 CONNECT 201 TWEET 61 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — For decades the venture capital industry —  made up almost entirely of white men —  has had the distinction of being the most exclusive club in Silicon Valley.
Now the financiers who have funded some of the world's most powerful companies and minted hundreds of billionaires are trying to face up to their diversity problem.
The trade group for the venture capital industry said Monday it is forming a task force to brainstorm ways to bring aboard more women and minorities.
It's pledging to hold a series of public events in 2015 to solicit ideas on how to increase diversity in venture capital.
Kate Mitchell of Scale Venture Partners, who is serving as co-chair of the task force, said in an interview that the National Venture Capital Association is committed to "moving the needle on this."
"Silicon Valley is about solving hard problems, and this is a hard problem," she said. "We have to acknowledge that this is only a first step. We have to make a long-term commitment."
Yet even the task force the National Venture Capital Association has appointed to promote diversity is not diverse.
Seven of 11 members are white men. Three are women. There are no African Americans or Hispanics on the task force.
Mitchell says the make-up of the task force reflects the leadership of the trade group.
"I love the idea that the white guys were clamoring to be on it. This is not a check-the-box commission," she said. "We wanted the leaders of the industry to put their stamp on it."
Mitch Kapor, the Lotus Development Corp. founder and Silicon Valley veteran who runs the Kapor Center for Social Impact in Oakland, says the task force should represent where venture capital "wants to get to, not where they are."
"There is something very important about the industry coming to resemble the community it is trying to serve," Kapor said. "If you want to know at a deep level why there aren't more African Americans and Latinos in venture capital ranks then bring them to the table. That's extremely important."
The task force is being created as the technology industry is taking increasing fire for its entrenched lack of diversity.
Women, blacks and Hispanics have been largely left out of one of the world's greatest wealth creation machines.
Nowhere is that lack of diversity more evident than in venture capital firms, which control the spigot of wealth in high-tech.
"Venture capital is the last bastion of the boys club in the tech industry," said Stanford University fellow Vivek Wadhwa, author of Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology.
Studies consistently show that venture capitalists are predominantly white men who in turn mostly fund companies started and run by other men.
The venture capital industry has resisted calls to increase the number of women and minorities in its ranks and to fund more companies started by women and minorities.
Observers say hidden or unconscious bias from people in position of power who hire from their immediate circles rather than casting a wider net is largely responsible for the gender and racial gap in venture capital.
Patterns have emerged over time. White and Asian men have become the stereotypical image of a Silicon Valley engineer or entrepreneur and therefore are more likely to get funded. Venture capital firms hire successful entrepreneurs and executives as partners.
Venture capital, like the broader technology industry, is slowly responding to growing social and economic pressure to change — and with good reason, Wadhwa said.
As high-tech companies serve an increasingly diverse and global marketplace, historically underrepresented groups are becoming key to future growth in the sector, he said.
Venture capitalists have begun to realize they risk becoming dangerously out of touch with the majority of consumers, he said.
"The venture capital system is producing lower returns than the stock markets because you've got people investing in people just like themselves," he said. "If these firms don't have any women, African Americans or Latinos, how can they understand what companies to build and invest in?"
Just a tiny percentage of venture capitalists are black or Hispanic. And women are not even holding their ground in venture capital firms; they are losing it.
A recent study from Babson College shows that the proportion of women partners in U.S. venture capital firms declined to 6% in 2014 from 10% in 1999.
"I am always the only black person at any pitch, any event or any meeting period," said Richard Kerby, a senior associate with Venrock.
That lack of diversity puts women and minorities in Silicon Valley at a distinct disadvantage, perpetuating the problem, Kerby said.
Silicon Valley is awash in war stories from women and minorities who have tried and failed to get funding from venture capital firms.
A report in 2010 by CB Insights found that fewer than 1% of venture capital-backed Internet companies were founded by African Americans.
Babson College survey found that 2.7% of the 6,517 companies that received venture funding from 2011 to 2013 had a female CEO.
"The whole venture game is relationship based," Kerby said. "Black people are not friends with and do not have 50-year-old white men in their networks, so they are not going to have access to firms to hear a pitch, let alone write a check."
Kapor says venture capitalists tell him all the time that they are "color blind" when funding companies. He's not sure they are ready to let go of a deeply rooted sense that Silicon Valley is a meritocracy.
"At this point, doing something is almost obligatory given the numbers in venture capital are even worse than in the tech industry. Not doing anything would be seen as a public relations disaster," Kapor said. "The real question is: Are they going to do something substantive and is there a real willingness to re-examine their fundamental assumptions? The burden is really on the venture capital community to show and demonstrate in a substantive way they are serious about this."

Cabinet may decide coal auction floor price todayDec 10, 2014 at 09:09am IST
Cabinet may decide coal auction floor price today
13
0
New Delhi: The Cabinet may on Wednesday decide to fix a floor price of Rs 150/tonne for auction of coal blocks in March.
A methodology for fixing floor and reserve price for the auction of 204 coal mines whose allocation was cancelled by the Supreme Court in September, will be decided at the Cabinet meeting, sources said.
"The proposal will streamline the procedure of auction and allotment of coal mines in a manner that will benefit the economy as a whole and promote optimum utilisation of coal resources consistent with the requirement of the country in national interest," sources said.
It is proposed that the floor price will not be below Rs 150 per tonne as compared to minimum reserve price of Rs 100 per tonne for the power sector.
#cabinet #cabinet meet #coal #coal auction floor price
As per the proposed methodology for fixing floor price for auction to steel, sponge iron and captive power, "the intrinsic value of the coal block will be calculated by computing its net present value (NPV) based on discounted cash flow (DCF) method. The 10 per cent of this intrinsic value will tabled upfront," sources added.
It is proposed that the floor price will not be below Rs 150 per tonne as compared to minimum reserve price of Rs 100 per tonne for the power sector.
For government companies in the power sector, a fixed reserved price of Rs 100 per tonne of coal shall be payable as per the actual production by the successful allottee.
The methodology will be fixed and the mines would auctioned or alloted under the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014.
The development follows the government announcing plans to allot or auction 92 mines to specific end-users in the first phase of bidding on February 11.
Floor price is the minimum price to be set for a coal block that will be auctioned by competitive bidding for specified end users.
Reserve price means the rate fixed in rupee per tonne for a coal block which is to be alloted other than auction process.
"In the earlier methodology it was proposed to allot coal blocks only to power projects to be set up in future through tariff-based bidding or for the power project of government companies," sources said.
The government has already made it clear that 74 coal mines out of 92, which the government plans to auction to specific end-users in the first phase of bidding on February 11, will not require any green clearances.
These 74 blocks include 42 mines, which are already into production and another 32 which are ready for production. These blocks have a potential to produce 210 million tonnes of coal.
The apex court in September had quashed allocation of 204 mines terming their allotment as "arbitrary and illegal".
3

Pirate Bay taken down after police raid; other file-sharing websites also offline21
1
Bengaluru: Popular Swedish file-sharing website The Pirate Bay was taken down after Swedish police seized servers and computers from a server room in Stockholm.
"We had a crackdown on a server room in Greater Stockholm because of a copyright infringement, and yes it was Pirate Bay," Paul Pinter, national coordinator, intellectual property crime at Stockholm County Police told Reuters.
Other file-sharing sites such as EZTV, Zoink, and Torrage were also offline, as was Pirate Bay's forum Suprbay.org.
Popular Swedish file-sharing website The Pirate Bay was taken down after Swedish police seized servers and computers from a server room in Stockholm.
#pirate bay #file sharing websites #internet #piracy
It was unsure if Pirate Bay was taken down for hosting some of the movies leaked due to the recent cyber attack on Sony Corp's Sony Pictures Entertainment, tech website Wired reported.
Pirate Bay resurfaced for a while late Tuesday, after changing its domain name to .cr (Costa Rica), according to Russian news site Rt.com
162

RBI permits Indian AIFs to invest overseasRBI permits Indian AIFs to invest overseas
RBI permits Indian AIFs to invest overseas
On a review, RBI has decided to permit an Indian Alternative Investment Fund (AIF), registered with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), to invest overseas in terms of the provisions issued under the A.P. (DIR Series) Circulars No. 49 and 50 dated April 30, 2007 and May 04, 2007 respectively.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/rbi-permits-indian-aifs-to-invest-overseas-114121000013_1.html
December 10, 2014 08:54 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 12:37 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Japan business mood sours as economy struggles with recessionJapan business mood sours as economy struggles with recession
Reuters
A view of the Shiodome business district in Tokyo. (file photo)
Tokyo, Dec 10:  
Big Japanese manufacturers grew less optimistic in October-December and they see conditions worsening further in the following quarter, a government survey showed on Wednesday, suggesting that the economy is slow to recover from a recession.
The joint quarterly poll by the Ministry of Finance and the Cabinet Office also indicates that the central bank's key tankan survey due December 15 may show little improvement in business sentiment in the final three months of this year.
The poll showed that companies are growing less positive on business investment, not a good sign for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's pro-growth policies dubbed "Abenomics" ahead of a December 14 election which he looks set to win comfortably.
The business survey index (BSI) of sentiment at large manufacturers stood at 8.1 in October-December, compared with 12.7 in the prior three months. The index is expected to slide further to 6.1 in January-March.
"The data reflects scepticism about a domestic demand-led recovery amid lingering effects of April's tax hike and sluggish wages," said Koichi Fujishiro, an economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute. "The BOJ's tankan may not turn out so poor though as it was taken later than this survey, likely reflecting more positive effects of recent yen weakness, higher share prices and falling oil prices."
Japan's economy slipped into a recession in the third quarter after a sales tax hike in April clobbered consumption and chilled broader activity.
The latest survey follows the Reuters Tankan, which strongly correlates with the BOJ's tankan. The Reuters poll showed an uneven recovery after April's tax hike, with manufacturers' mood sliding and the service-sector mood bouncing.
A timid result in the BOJ survey, which has been forecast to stay largely flat in the fourth quarter, could cast further doubt on the bank's rosy economic forecasts. Falling oil prices are expected to force the BOJ to cut its inflation forecasts, making its 2 percent goal even harder to meet.
The BSI survey showed that companies plan to raise capital spending by 4.9 per cent in the current business year to March 2015, against a 5.7 percent gain seen in the prior poll.
The quarterly survey showed sentiment among big non-manufacturers also slipping to 3.4 from 10.2 in July-September, bringing the overall mood among big firms to 5.0.
The service-sector mood is seen rising to 4.5 in January-March, and overall big business sentiment is seen unchanged.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Rupee down 8 paise at 61.96 in early tradeRupee trading weak at 62.01
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 10:  
The rupee was trading weak at 62.01 against the dollar at 4 pm local time due to dollar demand from importers.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.96 per dollar against yesterday’s closing level of 61.88 per dollar and moved down further to 62.05 per dollar. The domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.91-62.05 per dollar during the afternoon trade.
In New York, the US dollar weakened against its major rivals yesterday despite more indicators of weak economic growth outside the US, as a sell-off in global equities forced investors to book profits elsewhere.
Crude oil prices fell in Asia today as dealers await the latest US supply report for clues about production levels, while weak Chinese and German trade data also weighed, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for January delivery slipped 90 cents to $62.92, while Brent crude for January was down $1.01 at $65.83 in mid-morning trade.
Meanwhile, India’s CAD – a measure of the country’s external vulnerability – rose to 2.1 per cent of GDP in the second quarter from 1.7 per cent in the first quarter.
According to dealers, the widening current account deficit and dollar demand from importers had hurt the sentiment for rupee.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Gold trading close to 7-week high on safe-haven demandGold trading close to 7-week high on safe-haven demand
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 10:  
Gold was trading close to a seven-week peak on Wednesday, boosted by safe-haven bids as the dollar weakened on cautious comments by US Federal Reserve officials regarding a rate hike and on political uncertainty in Greece.
Spot gold had eased 0.2 per cent to $1,228.18 an ounce by 0051 GMT. The metal jumped to $1,238.70 in the previous session, its highest since October 23, before closing up 2 per cent.
The dollar index slipped for a third day in a row after concerns over the timing of higher US interest rates.
Fed rate hike
Dennis Lockhart, head of the Atlanta Federal Reserve, said he was in no rush to drop the Fed’s pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a “considerable time’’, while San Francisco Fed chief John Williams said the phrase was still appropriate.
Recent strong US economic data had prompted investors to believe a rate hike could come soon.
As a non-interest-bearing asset, gold would have taken a hit from higher rates, but the comments from Fed officials helped calm investor nerves.
European political woes
European political woes also hurt the greenback and equities. Greek shares and sovereign bond markets plunged on Tuesday after the government in Athens brought forward a presidential vote that heightened uncertainty over the country’s transition out of its IMF/EU bailout.
Gold exchange-traded fund
SPDR Gold Trust, the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings rose 0.37 per cent to 721.81 tonnes on Tuesday, another factor that could boost prices.
In the physical markets, strong investor demand lifted American Eagle Silver Bullion coin sales to a record for the second straight year, the US Mint had said on Tuesday.
Gold import norms
India will announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating the so-called star trading houses export 100 per cent of their gold imports, a policy maker with direct knowledge of the upcoming action had said on Tuesday.
India should allow banks to use gold as part of their liquidity reserves, which would let them make more use of gold inside the country and reduce the need for imports, an industry body had said on Tuesday, seeing that as an alternative to import curbs.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Brent falls over $1 on oversupply worriesBrent falls over $1 on oversupply worries
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Dec 10:  
Brent crude fell more than $1 on Wednesday, resuming its fall caused by a glut of oil in the market after a short-lived reprieve the previous day when a weaker dollar had provided some support.
Worries about oversupply have pushed Brent down 40 per cent since June.
On Wednesday, as the dollar inched higher, Brent’s front-month futures contract traded down $1.06 at an intra-day low of $65.78 a barrel at 0225 GMT, remaining above a five-year low of $65.29 touched on Tuesday.
On Monday alone, it fell $2.88, or 4.2 per cent, its third-largest one-day loss this year.
US crude futures fell $1 to $62.82 a barrel at one point before picking up slightly to $62.87, down 95 cents on the day. It also closed higher on Tuesday after a fall of $2.79, or 4.2 per cent, on Monday.
Crude inventories
US inventories rose 4.4 million barrels in the past week to 377.4 million barrels, compared with analysts’ expectations of a drop of 2.2 million, according to the American Petroleum Institute.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) may still hold an emergency meeting before its June gathering to discuss how to tackle the global surplus, Algeria’s energy minister had said on Tuesday.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Asia equities follow Europe lowerWall Street retreats as oil tumbles further
FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7d3b022-801e-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

#Express5: Uber cabbie had 8 FIRs  Satyarthi on rescuing children from bondedlabourBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 10:30 am
 
We recommend that you go through the top stories of today’s paper.
1. Delhi Rape
Shiv Kumar Yadav was arrested on Sunday.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old driver accused of raping a woman executive on Friday night, was arrested in another rape case in his home district of Mainpuri in April 2013, and was currently out on bail. In fact, he has been named in at least eight different cases at two police stations here, including molestation, theft, chain snatching and two cases under the Uttar Pradesh Goonda Act — all of which are pending trial.
READ: Uber cabbie had 8 FIRs, two separate cases under UP Goonda Act
2. Swachh Bharat
On Gandhi Jayanti, ignoring the Central government’s directive to observe Swachh Bharat Mission across government schools, students of Bhim Girls’ Higher Secondary School decided to march to the sub-divisional magistrate’s office and hold a protest. The girls were seeking to raise a long-pending demand: that their school of 700 students get more than three teachers.
READ: School has 700 girls, 4 teachers, but you can’t protest in Swachh Bharat 
3. IDEA EXCHANGE
In this Idea Exchange moderated by Amitabh Sinha, the child rights crusader tells The Indian Express team about the organisation’s efforts at rescuing children from bonded labour and the difficulties in rehab, and hopes citizens would pitch in rather than congratulate him.
4. OPINION
Uber app.
She could’ve been me. Along with thousands of other women set free by Uber and similar services, I see myself in the victim of yet another rape in this city of mine.
READ: Beyond Uber outrage
5. Sports
David Warner, a thick set, chunky, broad shouldered batsman is built like a boxer. He likes to attack the ball, whether with bat in hand or in the field where his extraordinary speed can take you aback.

CIA used threat to kill or sexually abuse family members of captives: SenatereportBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 10, 2014 10:27 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 11:50 am
The United States brutalized scores of terror suspects with interrogation tactics that turned secret CIA prisons into chambers of suffering and did nothing to make America safer after the September 11, 2001 attacks, Senate investigators concluded Tuesday.
The Senate Intelligence Committee’s torture report, years in the making, accused the CIA of misleading its political masters about what it was doing with its “black site” captives and deceiving Americans about the effectiveness of its techniques.
The report was the first public accounting of tactics employed after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, and it described far harsher actions than had been widely known.
Tactics included confinement to small boxes, weeks of sleep deprivation, simulated drowning, slapping and slamming, and threats to kill, harm or sexually abuse families of the captives.
President Barack Obama declared some of the past practices to be “brutal, and as I’ve said before, constituted torture in my mind. And that’s not who we are,” he told the Spanish-language TV network Telemundo in an interview.
President George W. Bush approved the program through a covert finding in 2002, but he wasn’t briefed by the CIA about the details until 2006. At that time Bush expressed discomfort with the “image of a detainee, chained to the ceiling, clothed in a diaper and forced to go to the bathroom on himself.”
The report produced revulsion among many, challenges to its veracity among some lawmakers and a sharp debate about whether it should have been released at all.
Republican Sen. John McCain, tortured in Vietnam as a prisoner of war, was out of step with some fellow Republicans in welcoming the report and endorsing its findings.
“We gave up much in the expectation that torture would make us safer,” he said in a Senate speech. “Too much.”
Five hundred pages were released, representing the executive summary and conclusions of a still-classified 6,700-page full investigation.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the Democratic committee chairman whose staff prepared the summary, branded the findings a stain on U.S. history.
“Under any common meaning of the term, CIA detainees were tortured,” she declared, commanding the Senate floor for an extended accounting of the techniques identified in the investigation.
The report catalogued the use of ice baths, death threats, shackling in the cold and much more. Three detainees faced the simulated drowning technique known as waterboarding. Many developed psychological problems.
But the “enhanced interrogation techniques” didn’t produce the results that really mattered, the report asserts in its most controversial conclusion. It cites CIA cables, emails and interview transcripts to rebut the central justification for torture – that it thwarted terror plots and saved American lives.
In a statement, CIA Director John Brennan said the agency made mistakes and has learned from them.
But he also asserted the coercive techniques “did produce intelligence that helped thwart attack plans, capture terrorists and save lives.”
The report, released after months of negotiations with the administration about what should be censored, was issued as U.S. embassies and military sites worldwide fortified security in case of an anti-American backlash.
Earlier this year, Feinstein accused the CIA of infiltrating Senate computer systems in a dispute over documents as relations between the investigators and the spy agency deteriorated, the issue still sensitive years after Obama ordered a halt to any such interrogation practices upon taking office.
After al-Qaida operative Abu Zubaydah was arrested in Pakistan in 2002, the CIA received permission to use waterboarding, sleep deprivation, close confinement and other techniques. Agency officials added unauthorized methods, the report says.
At least five men in CIA detention received “rectal rehydration,” a form of feeding through the rectum. The report found no medical necessity for the treatment.
At least three in captivity were told their families would suffer, with CIA officers threatening to harm their children, sexually abuse the mother of one man, and cut the throat of another man’s mother.
Zubaydah was held in a secret facility in Thailand, called “detention Site Green” in the report. Early on, with CIA officials believing he had information on an imminent plot, Zubaydah was left isolated for 47 days without questioning, the report says. Later, he was subjected to the panoply of techniques. He later suffered mental problems.
He wasn’t alone. In September 2002, at a facility referred to as COBALT_ the CIA’s “Salt Pit” in Afghanistan _ detainees were kept isolated and in darkness. Their cells had only a bucket for human waste.
Redha al-Najar, a former Osama bin Laden bodyguard, was the first prisoner there. CIA interrogators found that after a month of sleep deprivation, he was a “broken man.” But the treatment got worse, with officials lowering food rations, shackling him in the cold and giving him a diaper instead of toilet access.
Gul Rahman, a suspected extremist, received enhanced interrogation there in late 2002, shackled to a wall in his cell and forced to rest on a bare concrete floor in only a sweatshirt. The next day he was dead. A CIA review and autopsy found he died of hypothermia.
Justice Department investigations into that and another death of a CIA detainee resulted in no charges.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the Sept. 11 mastermind, received the waterboarding treatment 183 times. At one point, he was waterboarded for not confirming a “nuclear suitcase” plot the CIA later deemed a scam. Another time, his waterboarding produced a fabricated confession about recruiting black Muslims in Montana.
After reviewing 6 million agency documents, investigators said they could find no example of unique, life-saving intelligence gleaned from coercive techniques. The report claims to debunk the CIA’s assertion its practices led to bin Laden’s killing.

New woes may put brakes on Uber  ride-share ...Rape
(Uber has long drawn scorn…)
WASHINGTON: Uber, the ride-sharing service and Silicon Valley superstar startup, has hit problems around the world which threaten to put the brakes on its spectacular growth.
Uber has long drawn scorn from established taxi operators in many cities, and regulators from New Delhi to Portland, Oregon, have been clamping down on its operations. At the same time, the company has seen its image tarnished by executives' gaffes and concerns on privacy.
Even as Uber has raised a fresh $1.2 billion -- which gives it an eye-popping value of $40 billion -- it has run into roadblocks, even in its home state of California.
A judge in Spain banned Uber's ride-sharing on Tuesday, saying it violated laws on fair competition. A day earlier, the city government in New Delhi banned Uber from operating in the Indian capital after a passenger accused one of its drivers of rape .
Thailand also ruled Uber illegal, and the service has hit regulatory hurdles in locations from Germany and the Netherlands to San Francisco, where a driver has been charged in an accident leading to the death of a six-year-old girl.
On Tuesday, San Francisco and Los Angeles officials sued Uber for misleading consumers about fees and background checks.
"Uber continues to put consumers at risk by misleading the public about the background checks of its drivers and its unwilling ness to ensure that correct fares are charged," Los Angeles District Attorney Jackie Lacey said, while announcing a settlement with rival ride-sharing service Lyft.
A Dutch court this week also ruled illegal the Uber system in which non-professional drivers offer trips in their own cars at half the price of a regular cab.
"Drivers who transport people for payment without a license are breaking the law," said the decision from the Hague-based Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal.
Authorities in Denmark and Norway have also filed complaints against Uber.
"The so-called sharing platforms like Uber and Lyft are concerning to regulators because they represent something different," said John Breyault of the National Consumers League.
"They don't fall neatly into the regulatory buckets we've seen in the past century. So its difficult to see how to deal with evens like in what happened in New Delhi, and to know where liability lies."
Breyault said Uber is a prime example of a "disruptive" business model which provides a new service by taking advantage of technology.
But he said regulators need to take a close look at issues relating to insurance, liability and criminal background checks for drivers.
"I don't think we should be concerned that consumer protection regulation is going to kill Uber," he told AFP. But he said any regulations should promote competition, and not be designed to protect entrenched interests.
"We should not have regulations that keep out competition, that hurt the next Uber," he said.
Some Uber advocates say the system is effectively self-regulating, because users post reviews that help the better drivers and weed out the poor ones.
But Breyault of the consumer group said reviews "can play a powerful role in weeding out the good guys from the bad guys, but it doesn't replace robust consumer protection regulation."
The smartphone app from Uber and similar services can allow people to get rides that were otherwise impossible, and to allow people to use vehicles which might be otherwise idle to earn cash and even a living.
Uber is operating in 250 cities in 50 countries, according to a blog by founder Travis Kalanick last week.
"We are six times bigger today than 12 months ago -- and grew faster this year than last," he wrote. "This progress is remarkable, but it is in the coming years that Uber truly scales and the impact in cities becomes visible."
Uber offers several classes of service including a "black car" ride, and other options where individuals user their personal vehicles.
Kalanick said Uber will create one million jobs in 2015. But he noted that the sudden growth "has also come with significant growing pains" and has shown "that we also need to invest in internal growth and change."
In the United States, Uber has been the target of protests in several cities, and has had tenuous relations with local regulators. It was recently ordered to halt service in Las Vegas, but the city of Washington passed a bill legalizing Uber and similar services.
Uber also hired a team of privacy experts amid concerns that it may be spying on riders, and got a black eye when an executive was quoted as proposing the creation of a team of researchers to investigate reporters to counter bad press.
Arun Sundararajan, a New York University economist who follows Uber and other "sharing economy" startups, said the regulatory issues for these firms will need some time to be sorted out.
"We are transitioning to an economy where more people are providing a service using a platform" such as Uber, he told a forum in Washington this week.
"We need to see what the market provides so that any government intervention is surgical. So it is not there when the market is taking care of itself."
Uber has consistently said it wants to provide more options for consumers by disrupting the entrenched taxi industry.
"History shows us that every truly revolutionary innovation was faced with stiff opposition from incumbents and rearguard actions by regulators," an Uber spokesman said in an email to AFP.
"Despite a few individual, country-specific setbacks, the future is bright for Uber and the sharing economy."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rangebound  Nifty reclaims 8350 levels; top ten stocks in focusSensex in green, Nifty reclaims 8350 levels; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 12.21PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank Ltd
(Sensex managed to bounce…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex managed to bounce back in green after falling as much as 87 points earlier in the trading session on Wednesday tracking weak global cues. The rally in the index was led by gains in Infosys, HDFC Bank, Bharti Airtel and ONGC.
However, the rest of the Asian markets were trading lower as European political woes added to the anxiety, after the government in Athens brought forward a presidential vote that heightened uncertainty over the country's transition out of its IMF/EU bailout, Reuters reported.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also bounced back from lows to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8350 in trade today, supported by gains in banks, consumer goods, power and realty stocks.
At 12:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,898.63, up 101.62 points or 0.28 per cent. The Nifty was at 8,372.80 up 32.10 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
RIL Ltd: Reliance Industries Ltd on Tuesday said it will transfer its textile business into a new joint venture with China's Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group Co Ltd (Ruyi).
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.14 per cent lower at Rs 938.50.
Reliance Capital Ltd: At a time when domestic and international investors are queuing up for a slice of the booming Indian e-commerce segment, Anil Ambani-led Reliance Capital (RCap) is encashing its investment in Yatra.com - the leading online travel company - for Rs 500 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 521.50.
Lakshmi Vilas Bank Ltd: Private sector Lakshmi Vilas Bank has revised interest rates on term deposits with a maturity period of over 180 days, with effect from later today. The revised interest rates have been in the range of 5 to 25 basis points, a bank statement said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent higher at Rs 80.60.
BHEL: Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd ( BHEL ) would set up an integrated solar photo-voltaic manufacturing facility of around 500 MW per annum in Maharashtra, Parliament was informed today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 261.40.
SpiceJet Ltd: Executives of SpiceJet and its parent, the Sun Group, met India's aviation regulator on Thursday to assure him of the airline's ability to survive.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 15.50.
JSW Steel Ltd: The Sajjan Jindal-led steel maker said its crude steel production grew by 3 per cent in November to 11.07 lakh tonnes. It produced 10.72 lakh tonnes of steel in the same month last year, it said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 1125.
Insurance related stocks: The Parliamentary Select Committee report on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill is likely to be tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
At 10:00 a.m.; Max India was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 393.75.
OMCs: Brent crude oil fell to a 5-year low near $65 a barrel in volatile trade on Tuesday, sliding for a sixth consecutive session on signs of a growing supply glut.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 0.1 per cent lower at Rs 347.55.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside penalty notices of Rs 650 crore slapped on Airtel and of .`100 crore on Vodafone for subscriber local dialing service.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 357.05.
Axis Bank Ltd: The private sector bank launched a 20-year home loan scheme at a fixed rate of 10.40 per cent for loans of up to Rs 50 lakh.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 490.55.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent falls to $65.98 on oversupply worriesYou are here: Home > Collections
Brent resumes its fall, losing $1 on oversupply worries
Dec 10, 2014, 03.07PM IST
Tags:
Brent
(Brent crude dropped around…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil slipped below $66 a barrel on Wednesday, just above a five-year low, on mounting signs of oversupply and lacklustre demand as global economic growth falters.
The price of the North Sea oil benchmark has fallen more than 40 percent since June as new supplies of high-quality crude from North America have fed a glut of fuel in many parts of the world.
Data from the American Petroleum Institute (API) on Tuesday showed US crude oil inventories rose by 4.4 million barrels last week to 377.4 million barrels, compared with analysts' expectations of a drop of 2.2 million.
US gasoline and distillate stocks also showed big builds, the API said.
Brent futures for January fell to a low of $65.68 a barrel, down $1.16, before recovering slightly to trade around $65.90 by 0850 GMT. The contract reached $65.29 on Tuesday, its lowest since September 2009.
US crude futures were down $1 at $62.82 a barrel.
"Almost all the news flow points to a weaker market," said Carsten Fritsch, oil analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
"We have had very bearish API data with large stock builds across the board, and also a very bearish Short-Term Energy Outlook from the EIA, with a sharp reduction in demand growth forecasts for next year."
The US Energy Information Administration cut its global oil demand growth estimate for 2015 by 240,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 880,000 bpd. It forecast oil demand growth this year would be around 960,000 bpd.
Global oil demand has been capped by slowing economic growth in China as well as stagnation in many more-developed economies, particularly in Europe.
"The fundamental picture hasn't really changed, and that is one of supply outstripping demand growth for most of the year," said Phin Ziebell, a senior analyst at National Australia Bank.
"It's an incessant march downwards, and it would be interesting to see where it bottoms out, but there doesn't seem to be any sign of it so far."
Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) are divided on how to respond to the global surplus and falling prices. The cartel may still hold an emergency meeting before its June gathering, Algeria's energy minister said on Tuesday.
Top oil producer Saudi Arabia blocked production cuts at the last meeting in November and has taken steps to shore up its market share.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PFC  REC gain as the Cabinet approves 5% stake salePFC, REC gain as the Cabinet approves 5% stake sale
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 12.10PM IST
Tags:
Container Corporation of India
(Shares of power financers…)
MUMBAI: Shares of power financiers PFC and REC were in action today after the Cabinet approved 5 per cent stake sale in them. This comes close on the heels of the government's successful divestment of its stake in SAIL .
Analysts don't expect a sharp decline in stock prices of the duo with the divestment announcement.
According to Digant Haria, AVP, Equity Research, Antique Stock Broking, outlook for PFC and REC is improving. He doesn't expect to see significant downside in them.
Antique has positive recommendation on PFC and REC.
The government is planning to raise over Rs 37,000 crore by divesting stake in public sector undertakings. These include ONGC, Coal India, NHPC, Power Finance Corporation, Rural Electrification Corporation and Container Corporation of India
The government has so far raised over Rs 1,700 crore through stake sale in SAIL.
In intraday deals; Rural Electrification Corporation, Power Finance Corporation were in green.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Airtel rallies after TDSAT sets aside fineYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Bharti Airtel rallies after TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fine
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Bharti Airtel Ltd rallied…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel Ltd rallied as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside penalty notices of Rs 650 crore slapped on Bharti Airtel. The stock however slipped into red later in the day.
The tribunal on Tuesday stayed the penalty notices while allowing petitions of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India challenging the telecom department's move.
At 09:45 a.m.; Bharti Airtel was trading 0.34 per cent lower at Rs 353.05. It hit a low of Rs 352.3 and a high of Rs 362 in trade today.
Calling the penalties disproportionate to the violations, the TDSAT chided the telecom department for imposing the harshest penalty possible under the licence conditions, ET reported.
"Under subscriber local dialling service, a subscriber while roaming could prefix a code before dialing a number and could forgo payment of roaming charges. DoT accused Airtel and Vodafone of causing loss to BSNL, whom they would have to otherwise pay charges," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Use correction to invest in equity; like IT: ICICI Pru08:00 am
The steep correction in the Indian market is not a cause of worry as most investors were already anticipating it, says S Naren, CIO - Equities, ICICI Prudential AMC.
According to him, correction gives an opportunity to invest in equities. He is bullish on Indian equities and dollar with a three-year view and therefore, recommends buying technology on any further correction. He believes valuations of pharma companies are stretched unlike IT companies which look much cheaper than pharma at this point in time.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Naren says commodities look attractive with a longer-term view as India is gaining over USD 3 billion per month due to fall in crude prices.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Should we be worried about the kind of fall we saw, the Nifty has moved a distance away from 8,630, it touched highs not too many days ago, is the bottom likely to be 8,000 or 8,200 or should we be a little more worried?
A: Most Indian investors are looking forward to a correction because they are still underinvested in equity and the correction gives them an opportunity to consider investing.
Whether market corrects for some more time or not is not very material. This is because of the situation at this point in time, the current price of crude, India is the most attractive emerging market in the world and therefore, any correction due to global cues is an opportunity for people to invest for the long-term in Indian equities. So I don’t see this correction as anything much to worry about from an Indian investor point of view.
Q: Even if we do see a bit of a global scare and our markets fall in tandem with that, what should you be looking to accumulate, what are the pockets that will stand out the most in terms of a buy on every dip?
A: The two things where we are very bullish with a three-year view are India and the US dollar. Anything which is very dependent on India is likely to benefit from the continuing strength in the US dollar. These are the two kinds of things we like.
If you see purely from a point of view of correction, recently, technology corrected. The correction in technology does give you an opportunity to invest in the sector.
Also, in most of the Indian cyclical sectors, there is a huge role to invest with a three-year view.
The Indian defensives have been costly, we have been underweight, they have become costlier and so it is very difficult with the kind of research process and fund management process to recommend stocks that are trading at 40-50 times trailing even though their outlook would be good. That is where we have been trying to be defensive.
As far as commodity is concerned, today they have become contrarian buys but with commodities, if you know the bottom, if you have carried any audience poll or any analyst poll or any poll, no one would have come and told you that crude will come to USD 65 per barrel. But still things like commodities are now looking pretty attractive with a long-term view.
The short-term view looks very clouded because it is possible that some commodity country may get into deep trouble and cause further fall in commodities. This is why the near-term is not clear but in long-term commodities is becoming attractive.
Q: How do you see the global picture itself? We have a minor scare but if commodities were to dip further or if Chinese inflation numbers came in lower or growth numbers came in lower or if Greek and political problems sprung up elsewhere, what are the chances that the global scare is going to be worse than what we have prepared for?
A: I am not able to understand if inflation goes down because of the fall in crude oil prices and the millions of citizens across the world get benefit in the form of lower petrol and diesel, is it bad for the economy or is it good for the economy.
I think this talk of deflation due to the fall in price of crude oil, I find is pretty funny because I think it benefits most citizens across the world whether it is in Europe or US or India. So I would say this worry about deflation is not a worry for me at this point in time.
One worry which we are hardly equipped to talk about is the fact that there could be some commodity country just like India is gaining USD 3.5 billion per month due to the fall in crude oil prices.
I am sure there are other countries that are losing USD 3-10 billion per month because of lower crude oil prices. What happens to them? Do they have adequate resources, are they in deep trouble, are they going to sell the assets that they hold in other parts of the world? These are questions for which I don’t have clear answers but they could be the source of a problem over the course of next one year. But to an investor in India, it is an irrelevant problem because people are selling due to their problem and not because of India’s problem. Therefore, if there is selling due to that, we should buy.
Q: What should the asset allocation strategy be for 2015 for the average Indian investor? How bullish would you be on the fixed income market, on debt funds? Do you think the returns from the fixed income market could be higher than equities in 2015?
A: In your Diwali show, I got a chance to recommend fixed income. Today as we speak, fixed income has done beautifully relative to equities that no one would have ever expected.
However, going forward, the way market is positioned, equities is a fantastic three year asset class and maybe fixed income is a fantastic one year asset class. But the way fixed income markets have rallied, it is just unbelievable, I don’t think anyone would have imagined this kind of rally. We saw the market as being extremely attractive. Now we see it as being attractive.
The disadvantage in the fixed income market is that the attractive phase is just for the next 12-18 months whereas in the equity market phase, it is for the next 36-60 months which is three-five years. It is always much better for a mutual fund to give long-term investment calls and that is why maybe today again we go back to equity being a more attractive asset class at this point in time.
Q: When Sonia was asking you about the sectors you like, you spoke about IT, pharmaceuticals and defensives. Is this a time when you would not get into Indian domestics or cyclicals like public sector undertaking (PSU) banks or infrastructure, are you still not convinced about the growth story or its timing or are you picking up there?
A: For a long time, we have been very positive on pharmaceuticals but it is no longer as cheap. IT looks cheaper than pharmaceuticals.
As far as domestic cyclicals is concerned, you have a situation where you have to raise capital, the PSU banks have to raise capital. If the market believes that the capex cycle is going to start in the next six months, I doubt it.
If you see the situation today, why would anyone want to invest so much in energy and metals and that kind of capex. So it has to be only infrastructure capex and that means that an infrastructure capex has lot of problems yet to be resolved. So our belief is 16 to 19 is the period where infrastructure capex will take off.
In the near-term, all capex is still at risk at this point in time but if you have a three-year view, you should start accumulating these kind of sectors and in PSU banks, we have to wait for the capital position to improve across all banks.
If that were to improve, I think that sector also becomes better. But then they have NPL issues to be resolved, capital issues to be resolved, there are lot of CDR related issues to be resolved. So it is not such an easy pick at this point of time.
Q: The big gain in 2014 was the midcap space, huge outperformance there compared to the frontliners, do you see that trade getting replicated in 2015 or do you think the tables will turn?
A: There are some midcaps that are quality midcaps, which today trade at 50-60-70 P/E. When you see stocks at 50-70 P/E even good quality ones tend to be a bit cautious but what we thought was costly at 50 P/E has become 65 P/E now. So at 65 P/E am I going to change my view? I don’t think our research process will now allow us to turn bullish at 65 P/E. So we will continue to take the pain of outperformance of some of these stocks.
I think both largecaps and midcaps are equally attractive today and the way midcaps and smallcaps have got re-rated in the recent past, it is difficult to believe that every year, you are going to have this kind of outperformance.
There has been a 40 percent difference between smallcap performance on one year and Nifty on one year. So I don’t think that kind of return gap is going to continue each year and that is why all capitalisations are equally attractive and not very different from each other.
At the same time, the three-year view on all these are looking good but I am not a big believer right now that smallcaps are more attractive than largecaps with a one year view.
Q

Equity Mutual Funds plunge as markets slip on on China woesDec 10, 2014, 10.13 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Equity Mutual Funds plunge as markets slip on on China woes
Equity Mutual Funds decline as the Equity benchmarks as well as broader markets shed more than a percent on Tuesday, tracking sharp fall in Chinese markets and further decline in crude oil prices.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Equity Mutual Funds plunge as markets slip on on China woes
Equity Mutual Funds decline as the Equity benchmarks as well as broader markets shed more than a percent on Tuesday, tracking sharp fall in Chinese markets and further decline in crude oil prices.
Post your opinion here
 
Equity Mutual Funds decline as the Equity benchmarks as well as broader markets shed more than a percent on Tuesday, tracking sharp fall in Chinese markets and further decline in crude oil prices. More profit booking by investors also triggered sell-off in the market. Performance wise, all the funds in the equity category could withhold market pressure amid volatile condition and closed in red. The sector funds performance were also in line with markets breadth.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed below the psychological 28000-level, down 322.39 points to 27797.01, continuing for the third consecutive session today and hitting a one month low. The 50-share NSE Nifty slipped way below the 8400-mark (support level, say experts), down 97.55 points to 8340.70. Meanwhile, the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices shed 1.6 percent each on profit booking.
Experts feel the current fall may be extended by upto 5-6 percent but one should buy on every dip as they are bullish on market.
Among fixed income funds, debt funds delivered stable performance. NS Venkatesh, IDBI Bank said, the bonds continue to trade in a narrow range. Markets are expected to remain cautious ahead of the CPI and IIP data which is due on Friday. However since there is no auction this week the markets are expected to get some support and trade between 7.88-7.91 percent.
Here is the day’s performance and the gainers and losers across categories.
Equity diversified: Top gainers

SKS Microfinance stock rises on UBS  buy  ratingSKS Microfinance stock rises on UBS  buy  rating
APRIL s Jason Schreier Expounds on Differences Between U.S. Insurance Market Versus Mature European MarketAPRIL s Jason Schreier Expounds on Differences Between U.S. Insurance Market Versus Mature European Market
Malala is like my daughter: Nobel Prize laureate SatyarthiMalala is like my daughter: Nobel Prize laureate Satyarthi
Sensex edges lower on selling by FIIs  weak Asian stocksSensex edges lower on selling by FIIs  weak Asian stocks
Moody s: Global credit conditions in 2015 will reflect shifts in GDP growthMoody s: Global credit conditions in 2015 will reflect shifts in GDP growth
Too low crude prices also not good for India: Cornell profToo low crude prices also not good for India: Cornell prof
Hectic parleys on to keep SpiceJet afloat | A rare misjudgement by JhunjhunwalaHectic parleys on to keep SpiceJet afloat | A rare misjudgement by Jhunjhunwala
BASF to set up 360 crore innovation campus in Navi MumbaiBASF to set up 360 crore innovation campus in Navi Mumbai
India stock index futures signal negative openIndia stock index futures signal negative open
Detroit set to exit bankruptcyDetroit set to exit bankruptcy
Reuters
Tweet
Dec 10:  
Detroit's odyssey through the biggest-ever US municipal bankruptcy will end today when the city's debt adjustment plan will take effect, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder's office said on Tuesday.
The city, which filed for bankruptcy in July 2013, won approval on November 7 from a federal court judge for its plan to shed about $7 billion of its $18 billion in debt and obligations.
In a letter, Snyder accepted Detroit Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr's declaration that the city's financial emergency is over and that it was time for his job to end. Snyder appointed Orr, a former corporate bankruptcy attorney at law firm Jones Day, to run Detroit in March 2013.
Orr's departure will restore complete control over the city to Mayor Mike Duggan and the city council, although a State-created oversight board is in place to review and approve financial matters.
Detroit is expected to close deals to distribute bonds to settling creditors, including bond insurers, on the effective date. The city is also planning to borrow $275 million through Barclays Capital to retire $120 million of debt, pay settlements and fund restructuring initiatives.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Indian economy may double to $4 trillion in 10 years: Jayant SinhaJayant Sinha, Minister of State for Finance (file photo)
December 10, 2014:  
The Minister of State for Finance, Jayant Sinha, said today that while ensuring 7-8 per cent growth, it should be non-inflationary.
He added that Indian economy may double to USD 4 trillion in next 10 years and can cross USD 5 trillion if rupee strengthens.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex  Nifty trading flat on weak Asian cuesWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

MNREGA not  Avatar of God  which cannot be touched: BJPWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
Lok Sabha on Tuesday saw a war of words over MNREGA, with opposition accusing the government of diluting MNREGA and Bharatiya janata Party (BJP) members hitting back by saying it is not an ‘Avatar of God’ which cannot be touched.
Initiating a debate in the Lok Sabha, Sankar Prasad Datta (CPI-M) said the BJP government was trying to dilute the rural job scheme and demanded that its scope be expanded to include more districts.
“I will say that the central government is not interested in running the scheme,” he said.
The scheme has been a boon for states like Tripura, he said, adding that it provided jobs to poor people and the northeastern state was first among all states in its efficient execution.
The Narendra Modi government claims to work for the poor and it should increase financial allocation under the scheme, Datta said, citing figures to claim that allotment of money to it has instead been going down.
Countering him, Hukumdev Narayan Yadav (BJP) said the scheme was anti-farmer and recalled that all farmers associations had opposed it in their comments before a parliamentary committee on agriculture headed by then CPI(M) MP Basudeb Acharia in the last Lok Sabha.
“When planning commission can be given a makeover, then why not MNREGA. Is it a avatar of God that cannot be touched?,” he said, urging the government to review all schemes launched by previous Congress governments.
These schemes were used for swindling public money and keep names of a family in public mind, he said in a dig at Gandhi family.
MNREGA would have served better if the money allocated to it had been used for a particular work like building toilets in villages, Yadav said.
K H Muniyappa (Congress) said the scheme has benefited the poor immensely and urged the government to strengthen it further.
V Elumalai (AIADMK) said there are many problems at the ground level with the scheme’s implementation and called for bringing the urban poor under its ambit.
The number of working days under it should be increased to 200, he said.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Congress Indian Economy MGNREGA
More from economy

Markets remain flat; Tata Power  Sesa Sterlite up 2%Markets remain flat; Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Benchmark indices continue to trade in a tight range with negative bias weighed down by index heavyweights ITC and HDFC. However, buying in metal and capital goods segments has capped the downslide.
By 10:40, the Sensex was lower by 27 points at 27,770 mark and the Nifty slipped by 8 points at 8,333.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 0.5-1%.
The market breadth in BSE remains healthy 1,230 shares advancing and 842 shares declining.
The losers on the Sensex are Sun Pharma, ITC, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Maruti Suzuki.
On the gaining side, Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, Hero Moto and ONGC have gained between 1-2%.
**************************************************
Updated at 9:30
Markets have turned choppy after opening slightly lower tracking weak global cues.
Investors booked profits yesterday across the board, amid a sell-off in Chinese shares, with state-owned oil exploration major ONGC leading the decline.
By 9:30, the Sensex was lower by 17 points at 27,780 mark and the Nifty slipped by 2 points at 8,339.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.2-0.3%.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 749 shares advancing and 326 shares declining.
Foreign portfolio investors sold shares worth a net Rs 221.52 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
The government will unveil industrial production data for October 2014 and annual rate of inflation based on the combined consumer price indices (CPI) for urban and rural India for November 2014 on Friday.
On the global front, Japanese stocks tumbled to a more than one-week low on Wednesday morning, as political uncertainty in Greece spooked world markets already under strain from a slide in crude oil prices and worries over global growth.
The resulting flight to safety drove the yen higher and took a toll on exporters.
The Nikkei benchmark dropped 1.5% to 17,542.67 in mid-morning trade after falling to as low as 17,518.05 earlier, the lowest since Dec. 2.
China's annual consumer inflation eased to a five-year low of 1.4% in November from 1.6% in October, the lowest since November 2009, signalling persistent weakness in the world's second-largest economy and giving policymakers more room to ease policy to support growth.
Back home, BSE FMCG index has slipped by nearly 1% followed by counters like Auto, Capital Goods and Healthcare, all declining marginally. However, BSE Metal index has gained by nearly 1%.
The main losers on the Sensex are Tata Motors, ITC, M&M, Sun Pharma, L&T and HUL.
Tata Motors has lost around 1.5% over growth concerns in China, one of its major markets.
On the gaining side, Tata Power, Hindalco, Hero Moto, Bharti Airtel and ONGC have gained between 1-2%.
Shares of Bharti Airtel  is trading higher by 1% at Rs 358 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in early morning deal on reports that the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside a penalty of Rs 650 crore imposed on the company by Department of Telecommunication (DOT) in a roaming case.
GAIL has gained 0.4%. UP Government has agreed to constitute high power committee for GAIL’s Jagdishpur - Haldia pipeline.

10 things you must know about Google s Great Online Shopping Festival10 things you must know about Google's Great Online Shopping Festival
Itika Sharma Punit | Bengaluru Dec 10, 2014 10:38 AM IST
The third edition of Google’s annual Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) has kicked off and several buyers have already made their first purchases before stocks run out or deals end. The three-day event will have over 400 brands and e-commerce portals offering deals and discounts. Here’s a look at 10 things you must know about GOSF:
1. WHERE TO SHOP: As part of GOSF, most leading e-commerce companies are running deep discounts and purchases could be made at any of those. Additionally, buyers can also access GOSF sale through the gosf.in website, which displays trending deals across websites. One could also use price-comparison websites to find the best deals available. Some of the e-commerce websites participating in GOSF this year are snapdeal.com, amazon.in, ebay.in, limeroad.com, shopclues.com and jabong.com
2. FLIPKART GIVES A MISS: In case you were refreshing flipkart.com’s homepage and waiting for the deals to start, the e-commerce major has chosen not to participate in GOSF this year. The Bengaluru-based e-tailer was an active participant in the previous two editions of GOSF. However, this year the dates of Google’s event clash with Flipkart’s Big App Sale, where the company is offering discounts to buyers who make purchases through its mobile application. Experts believe Flipkart’s decision might have stemmed from the fact that the company has managed to create a strong branding for itself and does not need to piggyback GOSF to attract buyers.
3. 2013 EXPERIENCE: Launched in 2012 by Google to boost online shopping in India, GOSF saw over two million unique visitors (half of which were women) last year, according to data released by the internet giant. Leading e-tailers like Snapdeal, eBay and Myntra had said they witnessed a significant uptick in sales during GOSF 2013. According to Google, the over 200 e-commerce websites that participated in GOSF saw a rise of three to four times in sales. While several other online sales in the past have experienced heavy traffic during morning hours, GOSF 2013 had seen peak traffic between 2 pm and 8 pm.
4. EXCLUSIVES: This year, Google India has created an ‘exclusive launch corner’, where it will release several of its products for the first time for Indian buyers. Under this category, the company is expected to launch Google Nexus 6 smartphone, along with Chromecast, a digital media player developed by Google.
5. GLITCHES: Technical glitches have become synonymous with online sales in India. Even as websites would be better prepared for handling traffic after Flipkart’s ‘Big Billion Day’ fiasco, some buyers say they faced issues while making purchases this morning as well. While some said they were unable to complete transactions on some websites, a few others said when they added certain items to carts their prices automatically changed to undiscounted rates.
6. POLICIES: Like for several other online and offline sales, various e-commerce websites change their return and exchange policies during GOSF. Therefore, before making any purchase, it is best to check the website’s policies in case you are not sure about a product. There is also a need to be careful about services like cash on delivery, which might not be available at some websites. With deep discounts, some websites could give free shipping a miss and charge buyers for deliveries.
7. 299 CORNER: To charm the price-sensitive Indian buyers, GOSF has this year launched another section, the ‘Rs 299 Corner’, where all products listed will be available for Rs 299. Several e-tailers such as Snapdeal, ebay, Jabong, Firstcry, Fab Furnish, Lenskart and Yepme.com are offering the Rs 299 deals on products like wrist watches, electronics, clothes, linen and furnishing.
8. UNIQUE OFFERS: You might chance upon the most unusual deals during GOSF 2014, as participants for the event include several offline retailers, car manufacturers, restaurants, financial institutions and real estate companies. As part of GOSF, Tata Housing is selling residential apartments at several of its projects across Bengaluru, Pune, Chennai and Ahmedabad, according to a newspaper advertisement. There are also categories like mobile apps, automobiles (including brands like Fiat, Mahindra, Renault, Chevrolet, Ford and Nissan) and jobs (including job portals like Naukri, Shine and Monster), besides health care, travel and luxury premium products. You could even buy an insurance policy on discount during GOSF.
9. SOCIAL MEDIA: Social media is already buzzing about GOSF 2014, with #72HoursOfCrazy trending on micro-blogging website Twitter. According to current updates, several buyers have shared grievances over not finding good deals, however, several others are excited about the exclusive launches that the event has promised.
10. OFFLINERS’ FEARS: The Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT), a body comprising medium and small retailers, has registered a protest with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, saying the sale on Google, with larger data resources than Flipkart or Amazon, could be a disaster for brick-and-mortar retailers. Offline retailers, which had condemned Flipkart’s 'Big Billion Day' sale, could display greater resistance to GOSF. While the Flipkart event was limited to one portal and was for one day, GOSF is spread across the e-commerce world and will go on for three days.

JSW Steel up on higher crude steel production in NovemberJSW Steel up on higher crude steel production in November
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:36 AM IST
Shares of JSW Steel was up nearly 2% at Rs 1,127 after the company announced production figures for the month of November.
Crude steel production for the month of November 2014 stood at 11.07 lakh tonnes , up 3% compared to November 2013, the company said in a release.
Further, production of flat rolled products stood unchanged at 8.31 lakh tonnes while production of long rolled products surged 29% to 1.86 lakh tonnes in November compared to last year, the release added.
The stock opened at Rs 1,105 and touched a high of Rs 1,134. At 10:35AM, over 132,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges.

Jewellery shares in focusJewellery shares in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:17 AM IST
Shares jewellery maker such as Gitanjali Gems, Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri (TBZ), PC Jeweller, Rajesh Exports and Titan Company are trading higher by up to 7% in otherwise subdued market on reports that the government may change gold-import rules for trading houses.
“India will announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating so-called star trading houses export 100% of their gold imports,” the Reuters report suggests.
India could also announce changes to rules last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins, added report.
Among the individual stocks, Gitanjali Gems has rallied 7% to Rs 57 on BSE. TBZ up 4% to Rs 165, followed by PC Jeweller (3% at Rs 234), Rajesh Exports (2.5% at Rs 167) and Titan Company (0.5% at Rs 373). The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex was down 0.13% at 27,760 at 1014 hours.
 

M&M said to be buying stake in Swedish CoM&M said to be in talks to buy stake in Swedish firm
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:09 AM IST
Anand Mahindra-controlled automobile major Mahindra & Mahindra, the market leader in the sports utility vehicle (SUV) segment, is planning to purchase a stake in National Electric Vehicle Sweden AB (NEVS), the holding company that bought assets of Saab Automobile two years ago, show documents filed in a local Swedish court.
NEVS, which earlier ran into financial difficulties, signed a term sheet with M&M two weeks ago to begin intense negotiations. Mumbai-based M&M is one of the two companies (both Asian) that have evinced interest in NEVS; the other one is believed to be a company of Chinese origin. 
A document filed in court by a NEVS creditor had mentioned M&M as the automaker that was about to buy a stake in the Swedish company, said a Dow Jones report.
Approached for a response, a spokesperson for M&M said in an email: “We would not offer any comments on the issue.”
Last week, NEVS petitioned a local Swedish court to extend a period of creditor protection, granted earlier this year, saying its talks with potential investors were close to completion. The Swedish company, owned by National Modern Energy Holdings, a Chinese-Japanese energy company with headquarters in Hong Kong, filed for bankruptcy in August this year.
This is not the first time that M&M has shown interest in acquiring a financially stressed company. In the past seven years, the company has made unsuccessful bids to acquire renowned brands like Aston Martin, Jaguar-Land Rover, Saab and Ducati. Those talks either collapsed midway over valuation issues or other bidders tendered higher offers.
Mahindra’s first big acquisition came in 2010, when it acquired a controlling stake in South Korea’s little-known troubled SUV maker, SsangYong Motor Company, for Rs 2,100 crore. Though joint product operations and efforts at improving synergies between the two companies have accelerated in the past few years, the foreign company is yet to return to profits. 
Similarly, Mahindra Two Wheelers, the loss-making two-wheeler subsidiary of M&M, bought a controlling stake in Peugeot Motorcycles (PMTC), a scooter company owned by France’s PSA Peugeot Citroen. Like Ssangyong, Peugeot has also been in a financial mess, failing to generate profits in a decade. PMTC was declared a drag and burden on the group by chief executive Carlos Tavares. 
Closer home, the group’s strategy was the same when it acquired business assets of now-defunct Kinetic Motor Company to mark its foray in the two-wheeler space, in 2008. Rising debt and falling demand stymied growth of Kinetic, which was struggling to stay afloat.
The company’s auto component division, Mahindra Systech, was on an acquisition spree since 2005, buying eight companies — six of those located outside India. Last year, M&M entered into a share-swap arrangement with Spain’s CIE to cede control of Mahindra Systech. 
V G Ramakrishnan, managing director (South Asia), Frost & Sullivan, said: “They have been doing value hunting wisely to get the best price for their targets, which would otherwise be overpriced. They have acquired troubled companies and turned those around successfully. This strategy has paid them rich dividends.”
NEVS has milder expertise in building electric sedans which appears to be a strategic fit for M&M. The Swedish company has retrofitted the regular Saab 9-3 sedan with a battery pack and electric drive components procured from China. M&M had entered the electric vehicle space a few years ago, with its acquisition of Reva Electric Car Company. The Mumbai-based company has ambitious plans to expand its footprint in this category with at least three launches in a year.

Google allows users to edit MS office docs sent as email attachmentsGoogle allows users to edit MS office docs sent as email attachments
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 10:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
Google has launched a new feature in Gmail inboxes that allows users to edit Microsoft Office documents sent as attachments in emails.
According to the Verge, you can easily click the "edit" option on an office file from the inbox and  Gmail will convert the file to the relevant Google format which will save the file in Google Drive.
Google also suggests users to use its Office Editing Chrome extension if they need to edit the Office attachments without changing the file type and do not have the Microsoft suite on the desktop.
The extension was last updated in Novemeber. It allows users to alter Office files and save them in their original format from their Chrome browser.

Airbus Beluga: This plane carries other planes!We compare the fully loaded diesel versions of each to find out!
 
Maruti has big hopes for the Ciaz, not just as a car but as a gateway into more premium future...
 
The Hyundai Grand i10 is good. No doubt. But, is it better than the popular and fun to drive M...
 

Delhi Metro to build tunnel between two pillarsDelhi Metro to build tunnel between two pillars
8 Dec, 2014
Tweet
TNN
For Metro commuters on the Mandi House-Badarpur corridor (Violet line), intense activity right under their train may come as a surprise! Delhi Metro, as part of the ongoing construction of the Janakpuri-Botanical Garden corridor of phase-III, is building a tunnel between two pillars of the Violet line.
We take a look at Delhi Metro's construction process, and what's unique about it:

Govt keeps supplementary demand down to Rs 501 croreYou are here: Home > Collections
Government keeps supplementary demand down to Rs 501 crore; skips CST provision
ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The centre was expected…)
NEW DELHI: Keeping a tight leash on spending, the government sought parliament's approval for additional net spending of only Rs 501 crore in the first supplementary demand for grants, skipping any provision toward central sales tax (CST) compensation to states. The first batch of supplementary demands for grants for 2014-15, tabled in the Lok Sabha by finance minister Arun Jaitley , is pegged at Rs 12,529.48 crore that will be largely met through internal savings and enhanced recoveries.
The centre was expected to provide for CST compensation in the first supplementary but government officials said it would now be done in the budget. "First tranche would be provided within this fiscal," one of them said. The government has budgeted a fiscal deficit of 4.1% of GDP for 2014-15. Fiscal deficit touched 89.6% of budget estimate for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.75 lakh crore at end of October.
The government has already tightened its belt to stay within target. The additional amount is being sought for meeting the fertiliser subsidy and subscription for international agencies. The government, however, did not seek any additional amount for meeting its fuel subsidy bill. This has become possible because of declining prices of crude oil in international markets , which helped keeping fuel subsidy bill in check.
"Proposals involving net cash outgo of Rs 500.71 crore will not result in any significant variation in total estimated expenditure," it said. The government's disinvestment programme kicked off on Friday with a 5% sale in Steel Authority of India that fetched over Rs 1,700 crore.
The additional outlay towards fertiliser subsidy for urea has been pegged at Rs 5,000 crore, followed by Rs 4,187 crore as contribution towards the International Monetary Fund and African Development Bank . Clearing CST dues of states is seen as one of the key considerations in getting them to speed up the proposed goods and services tax (GST).
Finance minister Jaitley will meet state finance ministers later in the week to build a consensus on the constitutional amendments needed to facilitate this much-delayed indirect tax reform. GST will replace a plethora of central, state and local levies with one single levy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Policy reform to support Indias growth potential and credit profile: MoodysBaa3 government
(High economic strength…)
NEW DELHI: Moody's Investors Service says that India's Baa3 government bond rating balances the strong growth potential of its large and diverse economy against high fiscal deficits, recurrent inflationary pressures, as well as regulatory and infrastructure constraints on competitiveness.
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth. These conclusions are contained in the rating agency's annual credit analysis on India. The report is an update to the markets and does not constitute a rating action.
The report elaborates on India's sovereign credit profile using four main analytic factors, as per Moody's Sovereign Bond Rating Methodology. These factors are economic strength, institutional strength, fiscal strength and susceptibility to event risk.
According to Moody's, India's high economic strength is a key source of sovereign credit support. India's GDP growth, savings and investment rates exceed comparable emerging-market averages.
Although growth slowed significantly between 2011 and 2014, Moody's expects it to accelerate from between 5% and 6% over the next year to above 7% thereafter, if global economic and financial conditions remain benign and the government effectively implements its macro-economic and structural reform agenda.
The report says that India's low per capita incomes limit the government's tax revenue base and increase spending claims on its resources. This keeps India's fiscal deficits and government debt ratios higher than those of similarly rated peers, which leads Moody's to assess India's fiscal strength as low.
Although inflation has declined in recent months, India's inflation levels are high compared to rating peers. The report points to recurrent inflation, regulatory complexity and weak infrastructure as constraints on the rating that reflect institutional challenges.
Listing recent policy measures announced by the government and the central bank to address the above challenges, Moody's notes that individual measures may appear modest in their near-term impact, but if they are effectively implemented and augmented with additional structural reforms, they would enhance India's operating environment and improve competitiveness.
The report says that the outlook for India's rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics were to move closer to Baa median scores.
On the other hand, the outlook would weaken with a further deterioration in the fiscal position, or rising contingent liabilities from the state-owned banking sector, or a material decline in foreign exchange reserves coverage of external debt and imports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rare pictures of Sonia Gandhi with her late husband Rajiv Gandhi on 68th birthdayphoto archives
Rare pictures of Sonia Gandhi with her late husband Rajiv Gandhi on 68th birthday
Congress President Sonia Gandhi turns 68 today. Here a few rare pics showing the Congress president with her late husband Rajiv Gandhi, children Rahul and Priynaka. A look!
Sonia Gandhi with her late husband and former Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi and their children son Rahul Gandhi and daughter Priyanka Gandhi. (Source: Express archive photo)
Did you ever see this pic? - Rajiv Gandhi with his wife Sonia Gandhi, Sanjay Gandhi and Mrs. Indira Gandhi.  (Source: Express Archive Photo)
Special moment -- A photo from Sonia Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi's wedding album.  (Source: Express Archive Photo)
Late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and wife Sonia Gandhi paying homage to Indira Gandhi on her 76 birth anniversary in New Delhi. (Source: Express archive photo taken on 19.11.1987)
Sonia Gandhi with her mother-in-law late Indira Gandhi, husband Rajiv Gandhi.  (Source: Express Archive Photo)
Rare Photo - Sonia Gandhi, Rajiv and  sister-in-law Maneka Gandhi  at Shantivan. (Source: Express Archive Photo by R.K. Sharma)
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi shaking hands with former naval chief RH Tahiliani, while Sonia Gandhi looks on. (Source: Express Archive photo)
Sonia Gandhi with her late mother-in-law and former Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi  on being received by the then Prime Minister of Greece Andreas Papandreou at the Hellinikon Airport in Atherson on 22.09.1983. (Source:  Express Archive Photo)
Sonia Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and Rajesh Khanna. (Source: Express Archive Photo)
In this picture - late Rajiv Gandhi along with son Rahul Gandhi and wife Sonia Gandhi carrying the urn containing the ashes of former prime minister Indira Gandhi to Teen Murti House, New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo taken on Nov 5, 1984)
Sonia Gandhi with Mr.and Mrs. John Kenneth Galbraith at the lecture for the Rajiv Gandhi Institute for contemporary studies at Teen Murthi Auditorium. (Source: Express photo by R.K. Dayal taken on 18.11.92)
Escorted by Amitabh Bachchan, Sonia Gandhi briskly walks toward Teen Murti Bhavan enclosure from where Rajiv Gandhi's body was to be carried in a procession to Shakti Sathal (Source: Express Photo taken on 24.5.91)
Related

Top Chinese Army General  charged in graft case  amassed $98 million in wealthBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 9, 2014 6:12 pm
A top Chinese General under scanner for corruption was found to have 60 houses, 400 kgs of gold
jewelry and expensive art works amounting to a staggering over USD 98 million, a state media report said on Tuesday.
Former Deputy Chief of the PLA’s General Logistics Department — Lt General Gu Junshan — was found to have amassed goods and property worth more than 600 million yuan (USD 98 million) from bribes, state-run China Daily reported.
Gu was charged with embezzlement, bribery, misuse of State funds and abuse of power in March.
Such a haul would be the largest in any corruption case involving a member of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA), the report said.
His three siblings and his secretary, Qiao Xijun, were also arrested.
Investigators are working to determine whether more than 40 other officers were involved in his alleged misconduct, it said.
The anti-graft campaign targeting the armed forces is likely to continue, according to a report in the Phoenix Weekly.
The China Daily also reported that Gen Dai Weimin, Dean of PLA’s Nanjing Political College was held for probe into corruption charges, especially allegations that he took bribes in connection with land and construction projects.
The PLA was hit by major corruption scandals since early this year after several top officials including Gen Xu Caihou — the powerful Vice Chairman of Military Commission under
ormer President Hu Jintao who controlled the armed forces till 2012– were found to have accumulated vast wealth.
The anti-corruption drive was launched by incumbent President Xi Jinping. 70-year-old Xu was placed under official investigation on corruption charges, along with his wife, daughter and one of
his former secretaries.
Gu was another General owned dozens of properties in Beijing while his brother, who set up plants to produce military supplies, had built seven villas.
Previous reports said Gu’s compound occupied nearly a hectare of land, built on the lines of the Forbidden City.
Gu’s position gave him extensive influence over the procurement of housing, infrastructure and supply contracts for China’s 2.3-million-strong armed forces.
The case allegedly involves State property worth 30 billion yuan (USD 5 billion).
Investigators raided a storage basement that Gu kept at his home village in Henan province, seizing four truckloads of items, including 20 crates of liquor and 400 kg of gold.
Gu became a grassroots officer in the armed forces in Henan when he graduated from high school, but was promoted rapidly to the vice-minister level.
The trial will be heard behind closed doors by a military court, as cases involving military secrets or that concern national security are not tried in public, the report said.

Pak  CIA joint interrogators of top terroris...CIA
(The terrorists were subjected…)
WASHINGTON: Top al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists, arrested and held in Pakistan post 9/11, were jointed interrogated by Pakistani officials and CIA agents before being handed over to the US intelligence agency, a Senate report has said.
The report of the Select Committee on Intelligence on CIA's detention and interrogation program, indicates that CIA worked closely with Pakistani authorities in framing the strategy for interrogation and determining the importance of the detainee.
The terrorists were subjected to sleep deprivation, but not to any enhanced interrogation techniques, it said.
The report, running into more than 525 pages, indicates that for high value targets Pakistan was often the first point of interrogation.
This is because a large number of top terrorist post 9/11 were arrested from Pakistan.
"KSM (Khalid Sheikh Muhammad) was held in Pakistani custody from the time of his capture on March 1, 2003 to March (redacted) 2003, and was interrogated by CIA officers and Pakistani officials," the report said.
According to the records while in Pakistani custody, KSM was subjected to some "sleep deprivation, but there are no indications of other coercive interrogation techniques being used."
In a raid in March 2002, Abu Zubaydah was arrested by Pakistani government authorities in collaboration with the CIA.
"At that time, Abu Zubaydah was assessed by CIA officers in ALEC Station, the office within the CIA with specific responsibility for al-Qaida, to possess detailed knowledge of al-Qaida terrorist attack plans," the report said.
Ridha al-Najjar, along with Hassan Muhammad Abu Bakr and a number of other individuals, was arrested in Karachi after raids conducted by Pakistani authorities in late May 2002.
Al-Najjar was identified by the CIA as a former bodyguard for Osama bin Laden and was rendered with Abu Bakr to CIA custody to a country (redacted) detention facility in June, 2002.
According to the report, while targeting another terrorist Hassan Ghul, Pakistani officials unexpectedly captured bin al-Shibh during raids in Pakistan on September 11, 2002.
Al-Shibh was rendered to a foreign government, and five months later was transferred to the CIA.
The report said less than two hours after KSM's capture, the chief of interrogations sent an email to CIA Headquarters with the subject line, "Let's roll with the new guy."
The email requested permission to "press [KSM] for threat info right away."
"KSM was subjected to facial and abdominal slaps, the facial grab, stress positions, standing sleep deprivation (with his hand at or above head level), nudity and water dousing."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India Inc starts worrying about Modi govt |  Judge after a yearInitial euphoria wanes, India Inc worried about Modi government's 'lack of boldness'
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 06.29AM IST
Tags:
BJP government
(At a closed door CII meeting,…)
NEW DELHI: Six months after Modi Sarkar assumed power amidst great expectations, many industrialists are concerned about what they see as a lack of boldness in reforms and an absence of radical ideas. As a result, they are largely unwilling to commit fresh investments in the country at a time the infrastructure sector is in a virtual logjam because of high debt.
At a closed door, barred-to-media session of the Confederation of Indian Industry last Saturday, December 6, some of India Inc's most prominent voices asked whether the government is doing enough to jumpstart growth, unlock infrastructure and spur fresh investments. While business leaders conceded the mood was upbeat, they said a lot more needed to be done for fresh investments to kick in.
"This government has moved us from despair to hope... but now I think that hope is waning," said GVK Power & Infrastructure Vice-Chairman Sanjay Reddy, according to people present at the meeting. "The government actually needs to take a bold line and has to say we are going to move away from the past. But we are not seeing that happening at the moment," added SRF Chairman Arun Bharat Ram, referring to labour reforms and the role of the public sector. "One of the biggest opponents to labour reforms is BJP's own trade union and if what we are going to see is every move being weighed politically, we are in the same boat as before," he added.
Arun Bharat Ram's office told ET he wasn't present at the CII meeting, but two attendees confirmed to ET that he was indeed there and had voiced his opinion. GVK also denied that Reddy had made any such comments at the meeting. Biocon founder and Chairperson Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw expressed concern over the BJP government following in the footsteps of its predecessor by floating new welfare schemes in healthcare.
"I am personally very concerned about the government's focus on a universal healthcare programme. As we all know, it should be a sustainable model, it cannot be an overarching free-for-all scheme... there should be some co-pay. Social welfare schemes shouldn't be about doling out freebies and creating an entitlement culture that is detrimental to growth. The government is very pro-growth, but within that, we need to be very sensitive and conscious of the social welfare area," said Shaw, who attended the meeting. She told ET later that "a lot of industry members (at the meeting) talked about how much reforms this government can actually bring in". Shaw also confirmed her comments at the meeting. "What we are seeing right now is reforms that are minor tinkering. There is a lot of interest in Indian stocks, but where is the investment in new projects? Everyone is playing wait and watch," she added.
Columbia University Professor Arvind Panagariya, who is an advisor to Rajasthan's BJP government, is learnt to have said that things which should have happened by now, such as new norms for land acquisition, removing tax uncertainty and recapitalisation of banks, haven't taken place. "India is a little behind on the growth curve... and I am slightly disappointed," he said. Panagariya did not respond to ET's email.
  Veteran industrialist Dhruv Sawhney, chairman of the Triveni Group, said the capital goods sector, in the first six months, is still at 60 per cent of where it was in 2011. "This feedback should be given. This sector hasn't taken off even till end of November. It's quite widespread. That shows the actual investment on the ground is not happening," Sawhney is learnt to have said. Sawhney's office said he was out of the country and was unavailable for comment.
Janmejaya Sinha, chairman of The Boston Consulting Group's Asia Pacific unit, expressed concern over the state of the PSU banking sector and suggested the government could consider lowering its stake to 33 per cent. "Credit is not picking up, we cannot get out of this bind," he is learnt to have said. People familiar with the situation told ET that CII President Ajay Shriram started the discussion by inviting participants to air their views in an open and frank manner. Shriram said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was keen to assess "the pulse and the buzz" in industry circles.
Bharti Group Chairman Sunil Mittal praised the efforts of the new government to turn around the economy and urged fellow CEOs to be patient. "Industry should be patient as reforms would take a few years," Mittal is learnt to have said, adding that the new government was a "welcome change in terms of its approach to industry... and that it has the gumption to say we will go for growth and amend laws".

India likely to grow between 5-6% in 2015: Moody sIndia likely to grow between 5-6 per cent in 2015, says Moody's
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 20:29 IST
Photo: Reuters
Economy is expected to pick up pace in 2015 and grow in the range of 5 to 6 per cent, helped by strong domestic demand, rating agency Moody's said on Wednesday.
"India will have stronger GDP growth in 2015, which we forecast at 5-6 per cent, up from around 5 per cent in 2014", Moody's said in a report titled - 2015 Outlook-Global Credit Conditions.
The country, it said, has benefited from a strong domestic demand base and diversified export markets that give protection from the effects of a slowing Chinese economy and muted growth in the euro zone and Japan.
"Employment and consumption are likely to rise in India, and the fall in global commodity prices will help to lower high inflation in the country", Moody's said.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent.
The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals. It also projected that corporates would see improved cash flows on account of acceleration in manufacturing activity.
However, Moody's outlook on the banking system remains negative as it expects poor asset quality to require continued provisioning and strengthened capital buffers.
"Our outlook for the Indian banking system remains negative, reflecting high leverage in the corporate sector that will inhibit any meaningful recovery in asset quality, notwithstanding a moderate rebound in economic growth", it added.

Japan consumer index slips for fourth straig...Japan consumer confidence worsens for 4th straight month in November
Reuters Dec 10, 2014, 11.00AM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Office
(The survey's sentiment…)
TOKYO: Big Japanese manufacturers grew less optimistic in October-December and foresee conditions worsening in the following quarter, a government survey showed on Wednesday, suggesting that the economy's recovery from recession will be slow.
The joint quarterly poll by the Ministry of Finance and the Cabinet Office also indicates that the central bank's key tankan survey due to be released on Dec. 15 may show little improvement in business sentiment in the final three months of this year.
The poll showed that companies are becoming less positive on business investment, not a good sign for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's pro-growth policies.
Regardless, Abe is expected to win comfortably a snap election on Sunday, to refresh his mandate to pursue reflationary policies, dubbed "Abenomics".
The business survey index (BSI) of sentiment at large manufacturers stood at 8.1 in October-December, compared with 12.7 in the prior three months. The index is expected to slide further to 6.1 in January-March.
"The data reflects scepticism about a domestic demand-led recovery amid lingering effects of April's tax hike and sluggish wages," said Koichi Fujishiro, an economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute.
"The BOJ's tankan may not turn out so poor though as it was taken later than this survey, likely reflecting more positive effects of recent yen weakness, higher share prices and falling oil prices."
Japan's economy slipped into a recession in the third quarter after a sales tax hike in April clobbered consumption and chilled broader activity.
Highlighting the fragility of the world's third largest economy, consumer confidence slid for a fourth straight month in November, a separate government survey showed.
The latest survey follows the Reuters Tankan, which strongly correlates with the BOJ's tankan. The Reuters poll showed an uneven recovery after April's tax hike, with manufacturers' mood sliding and the service-sector mood bouncing.
A timid result in the BOJ survey, which has been forecast to stay largely flat in the fourth quarter, could cast further doubt on the bank's rosy economic forecasts. Falling oil prices are expected to force the BOJ to cut its inflation forecasts, making its 2 percent goal even harder to meet.
The BSI survey showed that companies plan to raise capital spending by 4.9 percent in the current business year to March 2015, against a 5.7 percent gain seen in the prior poll.
The quarterly survey showed sentiment among big non-manufacturers also slipping to 3.4 from 10.2 in July-September, bringing the overall mood among big firms to 5.0.
The service-sector mood is seen rising to 4.5 in January-March, and overall big business sentiment is seen unchanged.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RCap to gain from Rs 500cr Yatra.com stake s...Anil Ambani
NEW DELHI: Looking to cash in on e-commerce boom, Reliance Capital is all set to sell its 16 per cent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore and is in talks with 2-3 international investors.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group , which had acquired a 16 per cent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Sources said that Reliance Cap is in talks with 2-3 leading international investors to sell this 16 per cent stake for an estimated $80 million (about Rs 500 crore). The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: "We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value."
While the spokesperson did not give any further details, sources said that Reliance Cap aims to close the transaction in 4-6 weeks and the deal would put the total valuation of Yatra.com at around $500 million or about Rs 3,000 crore.
Other existing investors in Yatra.com, which has film star Salman Khan as one of its brand ambassadors, include Norwest Venture Partners (30 per cent), TV-18 group (10 per cent), Intel Cap (7 per cent) and Valliant Capital (10 per cent). The management team has also got 6 per cent ownership.
Among these, TV-18 group is now majority owned by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries group.
In the fast-growing Indian online travel business, Yatra.com competes with Nasdaq-listed MakeMyTrip, which commands a market value of $1.2 billion.
During the last fiscal 2013-14, MakeMyTrip is estimated to have clocked total transaction value of $1.38 billion on its platforms, as against $763 million by Yatra.
The operating income of MakeMyTrip and Yatra stood at $116 million and $51 million, respectively, for the year.
Reliance Capital recently announced its plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments.
It also recently exited from day to day operations of its global film and media services business, by merging its global film and media services business with Prime Focus.
The deal created the world's largest media services power house, with an order pipeline of Rs 2,000 crore, over 5,500 employees and operations in the US, UK, Canada, China and Singapore, besides India.
Reliance MediaWorks and Prime Focus promoters infused fresh equity capital of Rs 120 crore each into Prime Focus.
A number of international investors have recently pumped funds in Indian e-commerce or e-retail companies. These include Singapore's state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings and asset management firm BlackRock along with other investors investing $100 million in Snapdeal. Besides, Japan's SoftBank also invested $627 million in Snapdeal.
Flipkart has also received as much as $1 billion in fresh capital from investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty may slip another 200 points: experts | Sensex in red; top betsNTPC
(Technical experts see further…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is trading in the red. The index plunged nearly 100 points on Tuesday to hit its lowest level seen a month.
The index has now broken below its crucial psychological support level of 8350, and the short-term trend is clearly on the downside, which may push the index lower by another 200 points, say experts.
The fall in the index on Tuesday was led by losses in Sesa Sterlite, ONGC, Tata Power , Tata Steel and NTPC , as investors preferred to book profits tracking a selloff in Chinese markets.
The 50-share Nifty index ended Tuesday at 8,340.70, down 97.55 points, or 1.16 per cent. It hit a low of 8330.50 and a high of 8444.50 in trade today.
"It has been two days of sharp correction and it looks like that the trend is clearly on the downside. So if somebody has not exited long, it is bad news," says Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com.
"We are eventually heading towards 8,200 to about 8,180 on the downside and that is where some kind of support and consolidation might happen. But, for the time being, the trend is on the downside. Use bounce-backs to sell if you are holding only short positions, keep holding them," he adds.
The Indian markets saw sharp cuts after Shanghai shares (SSE Composite index) posted their biggest one-day percentage fall in five years (since 2009), down 5.43 percent or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27, on news that China's securities clearing house had tightened the use of corporate bonds as collateral for short-term financing.
Technical experts see further weakness on the chart, which may well take the Nifty closer to 8180-8150 levels, which translates into a fall of 160 points from Tuesday closing level of 8340.
"I would look at 8180-8150 levels on the downside and on the upside I do not think the range of 8400-8420 would be broken so broadly," says Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth .
"Any up move should only begin once we stay above 8450-8500, which is very unlikely in the next few days, probably a couple of weeks. Also, it looks like that we may spend some more time below 8400 and on the downside I am looking at 8150 rather. I do not think we should break that either," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Correction in markets not temporary: ExpertYou are here: Home > Collections > Capex
Correction in markets should not be temporary: Hemindra Hazari
ET Now Dec 10, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
Hemindra Hazari
In a chat with ET Now, market analyst Hemindra Hazari , shares his views on the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: We have had some gashes for three days now. What do you think is the nature of this correction?
Hemindra Hazari: This correction should not be temporary. It is long overdue. This is the trend with global equity markets as well. There was a euphoric rise because of liquidity and in India, people thought that Modi could wave his magic wand and companies would invest in capex.
It's been six months and we have not seen that happening so far and I do not see that happening in the near future as well. The corporate will keep demanding steep discounts in terms of land acquisition on squeezing labour cost. The government is working on both. Their basic argument is that we will invest in capex if you give us these sops.
My contention is that even if the government were to give these sops, the companies will not invest in capex because globally, as well as in India, they do not see profit today in this kind of investvent.
Everybody is sitting on spare capacity. The capacity utilisation has to steeply increase. They would consider that only after that. There is a paucity of demand today - globally, as well as in India. Hence, this is what you are seeing.
Metal stocks are down because of commodity stocks everywhere and commodities coming down. It is not just oil. That by itself is an indicator that the markets globally are expecting the slowdown to worsen.
Also, banks have lent to highly leveraged corporates in India and that is another point some people are making that is going to get growth back and spur companies to invest in India.
The point is, who will finance that growth? Even if there is growth, banks are not going to further finance corporates that are already heavily burdened with debt and a lot of companies today are delaying the interest payments.
The macro situation is bleak and therefore, I do not see temporary correction. The underlying fundamentals in India as well as around the globe remain weak.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee hits day s low of 62 | Brent below $66You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee makes day's low of 62.03 versus US $
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 03.19PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The rupee depreciated by…)
MUMBAI: The rupee depreciated to 62.03 against the US currency in afternoon deals at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to dollar's gains against its rivals overseas.
Forex dealers said besides the dollar's gains against other currencies, fresh demand for the American unit from importers and a lower opening in the domestic equity market kept pressure on the rupee.
The Indian rupee had weakened by 5 paise to end at 61.88 against the American currency yesterday on sustained demand from importers amid a broader sell-off in equities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

People were expecting monumental change  don t even see incremental change: Jyotiraditya ScindiaPeople were expecting monumental change, don’t even see incremental change: Jyotiraditya Scindia
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: December 1, 2014 9:42 am
Related

The One Minute Review: Xiaomi Redmi NoteThe One Minute Review: Xiaomi Redmi Note
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: December 1, 2014 9:58 am
Related

There is an anti-intellect attitude in some organisations: Arun ShourieThere is an anti-intellect attitude in some organisations: Arun Shourie
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: December 8, 2014 12:55 pm
Related

Gold prices recover on seasonal demand  global cuesGold prices snap 3-day losing streak on seasonal demand, positive global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 16:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices recovered by Rs 170 to Rs 26,820 per ten grams at the bullion market in the national capital on Tuesday, snapping a three-day losing streak, on revival of buying by jewellers to meet ongoing wedding season demand amid a firm global trend.
An emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers to meet seasonal demand and a firming trend overseas helped gold prices recover, traders said, adding the retreat in the dollar and domestic equity market also led to a revival in demand on the pretext of an alternative investment.
The yellow metal in Singapore, which normally sets price trend in the domestic market ,  traded higher at US $1,203.77 an ounce from US $1,203.51 on Monday and silver prices gained 0.4 per cent to US $16.42 an ounce.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity edged higher by Rs 170 each to Rs 26,820 and Rs 26,620 per ten gram respectively. The precious metal had lost Rs 250 in the past three days.
Sovereign, however, moved in a tight range in limited deals and settled at last level of Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Similarly, silver prices also rebounded by Rs 150 to Rs 36,800 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
In line with overall trends, silver ready recovered by Rs 150 to Rs 36,800 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 175 to Rs 36,800 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins maintained a steady trend at Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

BSE Sensex ends below 28 000 on global sell-offMARKET UPDATE: Sensex ends below 28,000, Nifty falls over 97 pts on global sell-off
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 17:11 IST
Photo: Reuters
Markets on Tuesday plunged to over one-month lows with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure.
It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
"Sell-offs seen in Asian markets impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below $66 a barrel," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the country's economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank .
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009.
Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday.

Googles Nexus 6 to cost Rs 43 999New Delhi, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 18:32 IST
Google’s Nexus 6 to cost Rs 43,999
PTI
Rajan Anandan, head of Google India speaks during the launch of Google's great Online Shopping Festival , in New Delhi on Tuesday.Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
TOPICS
electronic commerce
The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Google on Tuesday launched the Nexus 6 smartphone which will be available from tomorrow at a premium price of Rs 43,999 in the country.
The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Apart from Nexus 6, Google launched Chromecast for Rs 2,999 and introduced some other products of companies like Lenovo, Asian Paints, Tata Housing and Van Heusen for GOSF.
“The GOSF’s first edition took place in 2012 with 90 merchants and this year, we have 450 merchants. Consumer confidence to shop online is on the rise in India and in the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site,” Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan told reporters during the launch.
Nexus 6 will be available exclusively on Flipkart for Rs 43,999 (32 GB) and Rs 48,999 (64 GB) versions. For Chromecast, Google has partnered with Bharti Airtel and Snapdeal.
Existing broadband users of Airtel can access 60 GB of data for three months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
Google said GOSF has been introduced with an objective to promote online shopping in India and the festival has been embraced by leading brands and e-Commerce players as a leading platform to engage buyers across all categories.
Anandan said India will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016.

Nissan recalls about 4.7 lakh cars for fuel defectsNissan recalls about 4.7 lakh SUVs, cars for possible defects in fuel sensors
Ben Klayman     Detroit   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 21:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Nissan Motor, the Japanese carmaker, said on Tuesday it is recalling about 4,70,000 sports utility vehicles (SUVs) and cars globally for possible fuel leaks.
Nissan is recalling the vehicles manufactured from years 2012 through 2015 as fuel pressure sensors in the cars may not have been sufficiently tightened during production. The result could be a fuel leak over time due to heat and vibration, increasing the risk of a fire, according to documents posted online by the United States National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA).
The affected models have direct injection engines.
A spokesman for the Japanese auto major said there have been no reports of accidents or injuries related to the issue.
Dealers will replace the fuel sensors, if needed, at no cost. The spokesman said Nissan began notifying owners globally late-November.
In the US, the affected vehicles include certain 2012-2014 Nissan Juke SUVs, 2012-2013 Infiniti M56 cars and QX56 SUVs, and 2014-2015 Infiniti Q70 sedans and QX80 SUVs, according to the NHTSA documents.
In other markets, affected model names include the Nissan Serena, X-Trail, Patrol, Tiida and Pulsar, the car maker said.
Of the affected vehicles, about 2,33,000 are in Japan, 1,43,000 in North America, 22,500 in Europe, and 71,500 in the Middle East, China, Latin America, Africa and other markets, the carmaker said.
(Reuters)

Ghaziabad: Stray dogs maul 7-year-old to deathComments
A seven-year-old boy was mauled to death by a pack of stray dogs Tuesday while walking through a field to fetch his father. The horrific incident took place in Sikrod village in Ghaziabad, where incidents of strays wreaking havoc have been on the rise recently. 
The victim, Shoaib, was asked by his mother to get his father, who works as a labourer. On the way, the boy took a route through some fields where he was attacked by 10-15 dogs.
“The dogs tore his limbs and neck. Some local boys rushed towards the spot after hearing the boy’s cries,” the victim’s uncle Mohammed Wasim told HT.
But it was too late. “When they reached, the minor was bleeding heavily and succumbed to fatal injuries. The dogs had torn his flesh apart. Police also arrived but we did not prefer a post mortem and cremated the body by evening,” Wasim added. Circle officer Rajesh Kumar Panday confirmed the incident to HT.
This is third incident in a week. “Two days back, these dogs ventured inside a house and injured a boy. A week back, they targeted a person at the nearby industrial area. We are fed up with the havoc created by the stray animals and administration has turned a blind eye,” said Wasim.
The incident comes at a time when the Delhi government, in its bid to further Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s dream of building smart cities, is trying to get rid of stray dogs and monkeys.
In June, a two-month infant was killed by a dog in east Delhi.

Waterboarding  sleep deprivation: CIA methods detailed in US reportprint
The Senate Intelligence Committee report on US spy agency CIA’s interrogation methods during George W Bush's presidency says they were not as effective as claimed and were brutal and far worse than represented.
The 528-page executive summary of a classified 6,300 page report released on Tuesday was expected to be critical, according to earlier leaks, and it was.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) used methods — called enhanced interrogation techniques — like “waterboarding” (creating suffocation), “walling” (slamming suspect against the wall), slaps, sleep deprivation and  “rectal rehydration” (rectal feeding without medical necessity) and ice water baths.
US Senator Dianne Feinstein (C) talks to reporters as she walks to the Senate floor on Capitol Hill in Washington. The CIA used sexual threats, waterboarding and other harsh methods to interrogate terrorism suspects. (Reuters photo)
One suspect, Abu Zubaydah, was so badly treated during waterboarding that, the report said, he became “completely unresponsive, with bubbles rising through his open, full mouth”.
United States President Barack Obama, who ended the use of these measures in his first week in office in 2009, welcomed the release of the report and said it “reinforces my long-held view that these harsh methods were not only inconsistent with our values as nation, they did not serve our broader counterterrorism efforts or our national security interests”.
In a separate statement, CIA said the report had “too many flaws to stand as a public record” of the enhanced interrogation programme.
Security for US facilities and individuals overseas has been stepped up to prepare for any backlash from the publication of the report.
“There are some indications that the release of the report could lead to a greater risk that is posed to US facilities and individuals all around the world, so the administration has taken the prudent steps to ensure that the proper security precautions are in place at US facilities around the globe,” said White House spokesperson Josh Earnest on Monday.
Officials insisted preparations for handling the backlash, if any, have been on for a while ever since the release of the report became a possibility. They were re-emphasised last week.
State department spokesperson Jen Psaki said “all chiefs of mission were asked to review their mission security posture in advance of the upcoming release of the report” several months ago.
“That was something that we reiterated again over the last couple of days given the likely pending release,” she added.
The Senate committee is expected to release a 500-page summary of the report, which runs into about 6,300 pages on Tuesday. A 100-page declassified version of the CIA response is also expected to be made public at the same time.
The CIA has been opposed to release of the report fearing consequences for those named, even by their aliases — won’t be hard to make out who is who among them.
The spy agency used these interrogation methods in the war against terror in the aftermath of 9/11, and claims it has had all the necessary authorisation — and the Bush administration agrees.
“We’re fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf,” said George W Bush, who authorised them, in a TV interview. “These are patriots and whatever the report says, if it diminishes their contributions to our country, it is way off base.”
This image shows the front page of the report. (AFP photo)

In rare case  Jhunjhunwala-invested stock in free fallSpiceJet skids over 12% in 12 days post Jhunjhunwala check-in
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 09:32 IST
In a rare case of a Rakesh Jhunjhunwala-invested stock going on a free-fall, the ace investor's investment in SpiceJet has depreciated by over 12 per cent within 12 days amid mounting troubles for the cash-strapped budget carrier.
RARE Enterprises of Jhunjhunwala, who has long commanded a reputation in the Indian stock market of buying small stakes in companies with strong growth potential in terms of share price appreciation, purchased 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for Rs 13.4 crore through open market route on November 28.
The shares have been purchased at a time when the no-frills carrier is facing tough business conditions and the situation has only worsened in recent days with cancellation of 70-80 flights a day and a total of over 1,800 flights having been cancelled for the current month alone.
As a result, Spicejet shares have plunged by 12.5 per cent since November 28, despite a rise of 2.62 per cent in today's trading session. The stock on closed at Rs 15.65 on Tuesday, as against a price of Rs 17.88 a piece at which Jhunjhunwala had purchased shares amounting to about 1.4 per cent stake.
On the day of Jhunjhunwala's purchase, the SpiceJet shares had surged 18.36 per cent. The plunge in shares in the interim period would be much steeper after excluding the surge on the day of share purchase.
The company has said that "a few parties have approached us and evinced interest in making investments...as the company has been exploring various options for raising fresh capital".
It had also said last month that deliberations with prospective investors were "at an exploratory and preliminary stage". But, there has been no clarity since then on the potential investors.
SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show- cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
Besides, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Union Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing.
(With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.

SpiceJet woes leave thousands staring at holiday season nightmareSpiceJet woes leave thousands in the lurch
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 19:58 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:04 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
In what could be their worst nightmare during holiday season, passengers of the 1,861 flights cancelled by SpiceJet are either unpacking their bags or are staring at soaring flight rates of competitors, unable to zero in on a wallet-friendly fall-back option.
On my flights yesterday and today and at the two airports, was heartened by the warmth and caring that characterize SpiceJet staff (2/2)
— Sanjiv Kapoor (@SKapoorSpiceJet) December 9, 2014
Though the company will make full refunds to fliers, those who had to catch immediate flights could end up buying tickets from other flight operators at more than four times the rate at which they bought them from SpiceJet.
Sample the situation in Indore. Against a refund of Rs. 3,500 for the economy-class ticket booked in advance, the spot fare in Jet Airways’ Tuesday evening flight for Delhi was upwards of Rs. 15,500. Similarly, the fare for Wednesday’s Indore-Delhi flight was Rs. 6,734 for tickets booked a day in advance.
18000rs for a ticket to Belgaum. Just because spice jet has monopoly
— Akkshye Tulsyan (@AkkshyeTulsyan) December 10, 2014
no email, no msg, no validation for a refund. Just a call to say my #spicejet flight is canned! Flyers like these deserve to shutdown.
— Suranjana Nandi (@suranjananandi) December 9, 2014
@flyspicejet I used your offer to book in Sep and travel from Jan 15 to Oct 15...now I am scared with mass cancellation.M flying in Feb
— Tejas Modi (@tejasjmodi) December 9, 2014
The cash-strapped budget carrier had on Monday cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31. It also slashed the number of daily flights across the country to 275 from 340.
Of the states, the worst hit is probably landlocked Tripura which is highly dependent on flights for travel, particularly to Kolkata and Delhi.
The flight cancellations came after civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju flagged his deep concern over the airline's financial health, saying SpiceJet "is giving us heart attacks".
Even with as many as 3.3 billion passengers expected to take to India's skies by the end of 2014, according to the International Air Transport Association, SpiceJet — the country's second-largest carrier by passenger share — is struggling to stay aloft.
The no-frills airline had reported its fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs. 310 crore, though it managed to gradually decrease losses.
SpiceJet laid out a recovery plan two months ago that involved using fewer and newer planes.
The company's shares surged nearly two weeks ago when Indian billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, whose stock picks are closely watched, bought 7.5-million shares or a 1.4% stake in the company. But the shares have since fallen back and are down some 80% from a 2007 peak.
SpiceJet has said repeatedly it is in talks with investors about a capital injection but no white knight has yet emerged.
Meanwhile, Airports Authority of India has reportedly put SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode. It means the flight operator will have to pay money in advance for every landing and departure while other airlines have a one-month credit facility.
The cancellation of one flight results in a loss of around Rs. 1,00,000 to AAI, the landing charge being Rs. 30,000 per craft. As of now, the airline owes AAI around Rs. 200 crore.
India has a congested airline market where fare competition is fierce and operating costs are high, and all but one of its big four carriers are operating in the red.
Spicejet's troubles have stirred memories of the failure of liquor tycoon Vijay Mallya's Kingfisher Airlines, which stopped flying in 2012 after running up huge debts.
(With AFP inputs)

http://bit.ly/1CZc62qBrendan Nystedt
December 08, 2014
They say good things come in small packages, and that's never more true than on Christmas morning. Seriously, is there anything better than waking up to a stocking filled with tiny, thoughtfully hand-selected gifts?
Christmas stockings are naturally geared toward kids, since it's easy to find children's toys, games, and candies that'll fit in that oversized sock. But that doesn't mean adults have to get left out of the fun. Kitchen goodies in particular make great stuffers, so with that in mind, we've collected some of our favorite small gifts for those with more grown-up tastes.
OXO Good Grips Can Opener
Price: $22
Availability: Amazon , Bed Bath & Beyond
Yes, we're opening our list with a can opener. Sure, everybody's got one already, and it might not be the most thrilling thing to find in your stocking come Christmas morning, but the Good Grips opener from OXO is unquestionably the pinnacle of can-opening technology. If that won't excite the foodie in your life, we don't know what will.
See, instead of cutting around the inside edge of the lid, this can opener cuts along the outside edge. (Mind blown, right?)
That way, the lid just lifts right off, there's no sharp edge to snag your finger, and you can even re-use the top for fridge storage. Like all OXO products, it's designed to be easier on your hands, too.
Mexican Chocolate
Mexican Chocolate is an acquired taste for eating by itself, but it's awesome for hot cocoa. [Image credit: Flickr user "johnnylcy" (CC BY 2.0)]
Price: $6 and up
Availability: Taza Chocolate , Amazon
With plenty of long, cold days in our immediate future, Mexican chocolate is a perfectly timed stocking stuffer.
It's the original—a bolder, less sweet, but spicier version of what passes for chocolate these days. But while it's not the best chocolate to eat on its own, it makes for the most amazing hot cocoa.
You can get the mass-produced version from Ibarra and Abuela, but we're a bit pickier. We love Taza's U.S.-made, fair-trade Mexican-style chocolate. Not content to stick to regular chocolate, Taza has unique flavors like ginger and guajillo chili that add an unexpected kick to your morning cocoa. (Or evening cocoa—we're not judging.)
Vintage Streamline Kitchen Timer
Availability: Amazon , ThinkGeek , Kikkerland
If you really like to cook—especially for large parties—you're probably used to juggling multiple kitchen timers. Between the range, the microwave, and your smartphone, it can feel like you spend more time silencing alarms than actually cooking.
This adorably retro "Cadillac of kitchen timers" (it really looks like it came out of a Caddy's instrument cluster) is a breath of fresh air. Small enough to fit anywhere in your kitchen, it can time up to 55 minutes of cooking in style.
Personal Cocktail Kit
Availability: Carry On Cocktail Kit
The Carry On Cocktail Kit does just what it says on the tin—literally. Packaged in a cute little tin package, the kit offers everything you need to turn your plastic-bottled airplane shot into an artisan cocktail.
One tin includes aromatic bitters and sugar good for two Old Fashioned cocktails. Instructions are also on-hand in case you forget the correct ratios, or had a few too many before getting on the plane. To top it all off, there's a tiny linen coaster to set your cocktail on. Flying can be classy again!
Note: The Carry On Cocktail Kit is currently available for pre-order, with shipping to begin in January. This is one of those print-the-receipt gifts.
Colorful Silicone Spatulas
Availability: ThermoWorks , Sur La Table , Amazon
If there's one thing we've learned from our time in the kitchens, it's that you should never be without a silicone spatula. More flexible and durable than wooden spoons (and less likely to give you a splinter when you're sneaking licks of cake batter), they're a kitchen essential.
We particularly like the wooden-handled, silicone-topped spatulas from ThermoWorks —available in your choice of 15 colors, including some esoteric choices like British Racing Green!
Microplane Zester/Grater
No kitchen is complete without the versatile Microplane. [Image credit: Flickr user "vegan-baking" (CC BY-SA 2.0)]
Price: Around $15
Availability: Target , Amazon
An essential weapon in any chef's arsenal, this multipurpose tool is good for everything from zesting citrus, to grating nutmeg, to shredding hard cheese and ginger. The tiny blades stay sharp for years (watch those fingertips!) and are even dishwasher safe. What's not to like?
International Snacks
Japanese Kit-Kats are particularly fun to get. Green tea anybody? [Image credit: Flickr user "jpellgen" (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)]
Price: $3 and up
Availability: Cost Plus World Market , Asian Food Grocer , HMart
This one is a tradition in my own family. My mother loves to pick out some of the strangest, most interesting snacks for mine and my sister's stockings, and it's made for more than a few memorable Christmas mornings.
One of the best places to find a wide variety of excellent international goodies is Cost Plus World Market . If you don't have a location near you, their online store ships anywhere in the U.S. From wasabi peas to Pocky, from pickled okra to lobster paté, there's something to suit every taste. HMart and Asian Food Grocer provide an even bigger selection of strictly Asian treats, too.
ThermoPop Instant Read Thermometer
The ThermoPop thermometer seems like it's a great option for only $30, and look at those colors!
Price: $30
Availability: ThermoWorks , Amazon
One of our favorite internet food celebrities, Serious Eats Managing Culinary Director J. Kenji López-Alt, recommends this food thermometer above all others. For the price, it's absolutely feature-packed (it even has a backlit screen) and super accurate, to boot. At only $30, you can't go wrong.
Some Good Coffee
Availability: Blue Bottle , Stumptown , Intelligentsia , Counter Culture
If your giftee is a foodie, there's a pretty good chance he or she will appreciate some seriously high-end artisan-roasted coffee. Most of the country's finest roasters have an online shop, which means you can easily get top-notch beans from legendary names like Blue Bottle, Intelligentsia, Stumptown, and Counter Culture.
If you want to make a more lasting impression, you can give a craft coffee subscription as a gift. Morning after morning throughout the year, it'll be the gift that keeps on giving.
Best part about giving coffee for Christmas? You'll probably get to taste it right away.
EVAK Food Storage Containers
Availability: Prepara , Amazon
With all that coffee, your lucky giftee is going to need somewhere to store it. Don't let them put it in the freezer (seriously, it's not a good idea ). Instead, get them these clever, airtight storage containers.
The rare Kickstarter-backed product that actually got made and turned out to be worth a damn, the EVAK containers use a twin valve system to evacuate air as you press down on the stuff stored inside, keeping your coffee fresher longer. They can just as easily be used for storing herbs, granola, nuts, and other sturdy foods.
Lucky Peach Subscription
Availability: Lucky Peach
Bar-none the most beautiful food magazine in the world, Lucky Peach is a quarterly paean to good eats filled with mouthwatering photography, clever illustrations, incisive writing, fantastic recipes, and reports from restaurants and kitchens around the globe.
Created by celebrity chef David Chang (of Momofuku and Mind of a Chef), this is essential reading for any gourmet. Each issue focuses on a single theme, which means buying individual back issues is a great idea if they line up with your giftee's personal food obsessions.
Hero image: Flickr user "pagedooley" (CC BY 2.0)
Foodie Fight: A Trivia Game for Serious Food Lovers
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

Putin to ET: Happy to see friendly India led by a reputable political leaderBeijing
(I am convinced that we will…)
Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has been to India several times over, is probably on his most critical trip to Delhi amid fast changing geo-political scenario. Amid growing Western sanctions Moscow is aligned with Beijing like never before and much to dismay in Delhi has entered into a military partnership with Pakistan. Other the hand India and USA are hoping to realize full potential of their partnership. However, India's refusal to be party to Western sanctions will be music to Putin's ears. In an interview with ET's Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, the Russian President pointed out that PM Modi is personally committed to promote bilateral ties and announced that Moscow will sign a new agreement with Delhi for setting up 24 nuclear reactors besides inviting India for hydrocarbon investments in Siberian and Artic regions.
You have met Prime Minister Modi a few times now. What is your personal opinion of him? How is interacting with him different from his predecessors?
As the President of the Russian Federation, I have been to India five times. I particularly remember my visit in October 2000, when we signed the historic Declaration on Strategic Partnership with the Indian partners.
With regard to my contacts with Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi, that is true, we became acquainted on the sidelines of the BRICS Summit in Brazil this July. We also had meaningful conversations in Brisbane (Australia) in November at the meeting of the Heads of State and Government of the BRICS countries and during the G20 summit.
I note with satisfaction the commitment of the Indian leadership to searching for new promising areas of cooperation. I am convinced that the common aspiration to further develop our bilateral relations will help to achieve significant results at the upcoming Indian-Russian Summit.
I am convinced that we will continue this fruitful work together with the new government in order to expand our multifaceted and mutually beneficial contacts, especially given the fact that as far back as he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat state Mr. Narendra Modi visited several times the Astrakhan Region, which has since established fraternal relations with that Indian state. Thus, today, we are happy to see friendly India to be led by a reputable political leader, who has already made a significant personal contribution to the promotion of the Russian-Indian cooperation.
We look forward to discussing specific steps aimed at strengthening the privileged strategic partnership between Russia and India. We will devote particular attention to expanding trade and economic links and boosting mutual investments. Serious preparatory work has been done during the past sessions of the Inter-Governmental Commission on Trade, Economic, Scientific, Technological and Cultural Cooperation and the Indo-Russian Forum on Trade and Investment (New Delhi, November 5, 2014). Joint strategic projects include the construction of new units for Indian nuclear power plants, promotion of Russian Sukhoi Superjet-100 and MS-21 aircraft to the Indian market, introduction of the GLONASS system in the sectors of the Indian economy. Our priorities include building a butyl rubber plant, helicopter manufacturing, creating "a smart city" on the basis of Russian technologies, organizing assembly of industrial tractors.
India gets serious about domestic defence production, allowing foreign investment and encouraging private Indian companies, Russia would seem to be behind the US and Israel in terms of future joint ventures and big ticket deals. Can Indo-Russian defence ties ever get back their past strength?
We attach particular importance to the development of military and technical cooperation that is one of the main components of our strategic partnership. We will discuss in detail the current projects in this most important sphere related not only to the export of ready-made equipment but to close technological and industrial cooperation as well.We already have examples of such effective cooperation, by which I mean the production of high-precision up-to-date BrahMos missiles and creation of a multifunctional fifth-generation fighter aircraft.
 
India has traditionally regarded Russia, and the USSR in the past, as a reliable "friend for all times." Many in New Delhi interpreted Russia's cancellation of naval drills and its emphasis on relationship with Pakistan as a deliberate counter to India. Does this tit for tat diplomacy work? Will Moscow really gain by aligning with an always-unstable Islamabad vis a vis South Asia's major economic and political power, India?
Our countries have been maintaining military and technical cooperation for many decades. Moreover, I would like to emphasize that India is a reliable and time-tested partner.

Area-based excise sops to continue underGSTThe government is hoping to roll out GST from April 1, 2016.
New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 11:55 am
 
The adoption of the goods and services tax (GST) won’t lead to untimely withdrawal of the excise waivers for industries in Jammu and Kashmir, Northeastern states, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh. These sops would continue in some form or the other under then GST regime, until their state-specific deadlines that have already been set expire, official sources told FE.
However, these duty exemptions will definitely not be extended further. This is because the exemptions could pose difficulties when it comes to taxing manufacturing on the basis of the value added.
The finance ministry is looking at how to carry on with the excise exemptions notified under law till their expiry dates alongside a new tax regime that seeks to remove the distortions in the current system.
The excise duty break for J&K is set to expire in 2020, and in 2017 for Northeastern states. Any producer who started production before the cut-off date is eligible for the exemption for the next 10 years. This is true for Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, too, where the scheme expired in 2010 and but those he logged in earlier continue to benefit from the tax waivers.
The government is hoping to roll out GST from April 1, 2016.
The central government lost about Rs 18,000 crore by way of area-based excise duty exemptions in 2013-14. Withdrawing the exemptions given under the Central Excise Tariff Act before they expire could lead to a spate of litigation as it would amount to changing the state position substantially after inducing businesses to make the irrevocable decision of committing heavy investments relying on the promise of tax breaks.
Courts often give relief in such instances by restoring the benefit, holding it as an enforceable promise called ‘promissory estoppel’. State action warranted by public policy is an exception to this doctrine but GST is a matter of tax reform, not a matter of public policy, unlike the duty benefits envisaged under the industrial policy, said a person privy to the development.
In the case of Jammu and Kashmir and Northeastern states, exemption is given by way of a refund, while producers in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh get outright exemption on the duty payable on the value addition made in these states.
One way of retaining the duty benefits alongside GST is to exempt manufacturers in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh from CGST — the central government’s component of GST. In the case of J&K and Northeastern states, it could be collected and then refunded the same way excise duty is refunded now.
“Availability of excise duty benefit ought to continue and they will in the GST regime as well the same way state governments gave the option of deferred payment of VAT to the extent sales tax relief was already in place when VAT was introduced,” said Prashant Deshpande, senior director at Deloitte in India. “We have to continued…

ONGC Videsh seeks tax relief to save ImperialbuyNew Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 11:49 am
In a desperate bid to turn around Imperial Energy, its worst overseas buy, state-run ONGC Videsh will seek a slew of tax concessions from Russian President Vladimir Putin arriving here late on Wednesday for a two-day visit. Taxes account for nearly 80% of OVL’s revenue from crude oil sales at Imperial Energy and relief on this front could help the Indian firm to salvage the distressed asset.
OVL had, in 2009, lapped up the hydrocarbon assets of the UK-listed firm in Russia’s Tomsk region for a whopping $2.1 billion and it has since spent $300 million to develop the same. But the assets have belied its expectations with the output dropping drastically to 7,000 barrels per day (bpd) versus 80,000 bpd assumed initially.
A director on the board of OVL told FE that the explorer has put up a ‘wish list’ before the Indian government, urging it to take up the same with Putin. “We are hopeful that tax sops would be granted to make Imperial assets economically viable. Currently, net of taxes, we are getting only 20-22% of the crude oil price, which obviously is not sustainable,” he said.
For example, on crude oil price of $100 per barrel, Imperial Energy has to pay around $9 a barrel as transportation tax; $20-23 per barrel as mineral extraction tax (MET); and another $40-45 a barrel as export tax. This takes the tax component to about $77 per barrel, leaving just $23 a barrel as net realisation for the explorer.
“We have escalated the issue of tax relief for Imperial Energy at the highest level. This is one of the most important things the ministry of external affairs is likely to take up with the visiting Russian delegation,” a top petroleum ministry official told FE on Tuesday.
Specifically. India would seek exemption from MET and export tax from the Russian government for the asset, said sources.
On its own, OVL is redoing the entire exploration programme for the under-performing asset.
It has adopted a two-step strategy to inject a new lease of life into the asset: To begin with, it will reduce the staff strength from the current 650 and review both conventional and unconventional data across its acreages in the Tomsk region of Western Siberia aiming for exploitation of economically viable hydrocarbon.
NK Verma, OVL managing director, declined to comment on the plan to seek tax breaks. He, however, said efforts have been undertaken to improve production from Imperial Energy assets.
In 2012, Moscow rejected special tax concessions to the state-owned ONGC’s Siberia-focused firm Imperial Energy, citing that the taxes were universally applicable to all firms working in the region. Though Russia had declared some tax incentives last year, OVL claims they aren’t adequate on account of the prohibitively high cost of extraction from tight oil assets in Siberia because of bad terrain, cold climate and high taxes.
The Western sanctions slapped on Russia for its involvement in Ukraine have added to the difficulties being faced by Imperial Energy, said official sources in the government. Deploying equipment and technology, available continued…

PM Narendra Modi a reputable political leader : VladimirPutinPrint
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks to the media after his meeting with French President Francois Hollande at Moscow's Vnukovo airport, Saturday, Dec. 6, 2014. French President Francois Hollande met with Russia's Vladimir Putin during an impromptu visit to Moscow on Saturday, as tensions remain high over the ongoing conflict in east Ukraine and France's decision to suspend the delivery of two warships to Moscow. (AP Photo/Vasily Maximov, Pool)
By: Associated Press | Moscow |
Posted: December 10, 2014 11:18 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 12:51 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin has voiced hope for expanding ties with India during his visit there and sought to assuage New Delhi’s concern about Moscow’s ties with Pakistan.
Putin, speaking in an interview with the PTI news agency released by the Kremlin on Tuesday, hailed a “privileged strategic partnership” between Russia and India, and said the two nations would move to expand it further during his Thursday’s visit to New Delhi.
He praised Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as a “reputable political leader, who has already made a significant personal contribution to the promotion of the Russian-Indian cooperation.”
Russia and India have shared close ties since the Cold War, when Moscow was a key ally and the main arms supplier to New Delhi.
Putin has sought to reinvigorate relations with old allies as part of his efforts to restore Moscow’s global clout, and India has remained a top customer for Russian weapons industries.
Putin said in the interview that military ties remain a key part of Russian-Indian cooperation and pointed at programs to jointly develop supersonic cruise missiles and a next generation fighter jet.
“The high level of bilateral cooperation and trust allows us to start a gradual transition from the traditional producer-consumer model to joint development and production of advanced weapons systems,” he said.
Putin voiced hope that energy cooperation will also expand, saying that Moscow would welcome Indian energy companies to tap prospective oilfields in the Arctic. Russia plans to start supplies of liquefied natural gas to India starting in 2017, he said.
Putin also sought to soothe New Delhi’s concerns about Moscow’s intention to develop military-technical ties with India’s rival Pakistan, saying that Russia’s cooperation with Pakistan is focusing on cooperation in fighting terrorism and drugs.
“This kind of cooperation serves the long-term interests of all countries of the region, including India,” he said.

UBS initiates coverage on SKS Micro  sees the stock returning over 40% in 12 monthsUBS initiates coverage on SKS Microfinance, sees over 40% upside in 12 months
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
LIC
(UBS initiated coverage…)
NEW DELHI: UBS initiated coverage on SKS Microfinance with a 'buy' rating on Tuesday with a target price of Rs 500, which translates into an upside of 43 per cent from Tuesday's closing price of Rs 348.95.
The stock surged nearly 11% in intraday trade today.
Due to its strong growth potential and high ROE, SKS Microfinance is one of our preferred NBFC picks among others which are LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance.
"We base our price target on the residual income method; it implies 3.7x FY17E P/BV and 17x FY17E PE. Our key assumptions in the model are a discount rate of 13.5 per cent, beta of 1.1 and an equity risk premium of 5 per cent," UBS said in a report.
After consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of over 40 per cent in FY14 and H1 FY15.
The global investment bank expects low microfinance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC MFIs to support a loan CAGR of over 25 per cent for the sector over the medium term.
SKS Microfinance (SKSM) is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book, and has a diversified loan book and national presence. UBS expect a 32 per cent CAGR in assets under management (AUM) over FY15-17.
SKS Microfinance provides an attractive opportunity to invest in India's microfinance industry, which is highly under-penetrated. Estimates points to the fact that, SKS is likely to grow at a much higher rate than other India financials in the medium term.
The shares have significantly outperformed benchmark indices, with a return of 89 per cent YTD (compared to 62% for the BSE Bankex and 33% for the CNX Nifty) and are now trading at 2.6x FY17E P/BV and 12.1x FY17E PE.
UBS expect the robust earnings outlook (66% earnings CAGR over FY15-17E) and strong ROE to continue to support the premium valuation in the medium term, and see re-rating potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is China scare a precursor to 10% correction in global marketsIs China scare a precursor to 10% correction in global markets?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
Andrew Holland
(The slowdown in China has…)
MUMBAI: The global markets on Tuesday reacted negatively to a sharp sell-off in the Chinese market, on reports that lower-rated bonds can't any longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans in China.
The Shanghai Composite closed over 5.4 per cent lower. It is up 0.39 per cent in trade today, but concerns of slowdown and risk of hard landing remain. There are concerns of slowdown in Japan and other European countries as well.
The question arises: Is it the beginning of a sharp global correction over the next two months?
Following a sharp correction in China, markets in Greece saw worst selling since 1987 on concerns that the Syriza party might come to power. The global markets have managed to pull back, but volatility and more such shocks can't be ruled out.
Andrew Holland , CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors, remains a bit cautious going into 2015. "The fall in crude oil prices could be on account of lack of demand arising from China," he says.
"It has been great news on the oil front. I have seen forecasts out there, saying it could go to $45 or $50 over the course of 2015. It is indeed great news for India. But what worries me is why this is happening," Holland told ET Now.
"Everyone is talking about the supply side. But I am not buying that. It is actually a demand problem and it is coming from China. It is not just oil price that is going down; all commodity prices are on a downslide," he said.
According to him, China could easily go into a 'demand shock' and markets are not factoring that in.
"I would not be surprised if we saw a bit of sell-off in January. This sell-off will probably arise out of demand shock from China. There could be at least a 10 per cent fall in global markets," he added.
The slowdown in China has so far affected the global commodities market. Despite the easy monetary policies from China, the commodities market has failed to pick up.
The People's Bank of China unexpectedly cut interest rates in November and raised hopes of quantitative easing going forward.
"Earlier the commodity prices engine was actually the Chinese economy. There we are actually seeing the slowdown," said Ashok Gautam , Senior VP & Head-Global Markets, Treasury, Axis Bank.
"If China again starts becoming a story for the commodities actually to take the lead and start going up, we will have to give it sometime because China really is seeing a slowdown," he added.
However, a correction in global markets will be an ideal opportunities for investors to buy stocks in the Indian markets. The Indian economy looks more poised for growth. The RBI is expected to cut interest rates in February 2015.
"The global markets are something that you need to watch out for. Purely from an investor point of view, these are the markets to go and deploy. Starting from frontline boys, concentrating on some of the safe bets sectors such as IT, pharma and FMCG to name a few. Then moving on to auto, banking and some of the oil marketing company names," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
According to dealers, the Indian markets may witness a time-wise correction till early next year. The next big triggers for the markets will be third quarter results, RBI policy and the Union Budget.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Private firms in India play a measly role in...With India attracting a paltry Rs 24.36 crore ($4.94 million) as FDI in the defence sector in the last 14 years, the FDI cap has now been hiked to 49% and the "Make in India" policy is being aggressively pursued.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: From Boeing to Lockheed Martin, BAE Systems to Airbus, the private sector dominates arms production the world over. The reverse is true in India, with the public sector continuing to huff and puff but still unable to rid the country of the dubious tag of being the world's largest arms importer.
Latest statistics, tabled by defence minister Manohar Parikkar in Parliament on Tuesday, show the share of the Indian private sector in providing equipment to the armed forces was a measly 3-4% over the last three years.
Take the Rs 36,918 crore spent on capital acquisitions for the IAF in 2013-2014. While the imports stood at Rs 20,928 crore (56.69%), the public sector delivered equipment worth Rs 15,447 crore (41.84%) with the private sector contributing just Rs 544 crore (1.47%). Similarly, the private sector's share for the Army , in turn, was just 1.91% in 2013-2014.
Experts say greater participation by Indian private sector companies, either alone or in joint ventures with global armament firms, is urgently required if India wants to build a strong defence-industrial base (DIB) in the years ahead.
The Modi government promises to do just that. With India attracting a paltry Rs 24.36 crore ($4.94 million) as FDI in the defence sector in the last 14 years, the FDI cap has now been hiked to 49% and the "Make in India" policy is being aggressively pursued.
But will it work? "The increase in FDI to 49% is a recent policy...its impact will be felt after a couple of years," said Parrikar. The defence acquisitions council has also approved direct defence procurements worth around Rs 75,000 crore since the Modi government came to power. "Rs 65,000 crore is for 'Make in India' or 'Buy and Make in India', whereas only Rs 10,000 crore is for 'Buy Global'...this is a major shift," he added.
The defence ministry is also working towards streamlining the complicated "Make" procedure for indigenous R&D, development and production of weapon systems. This will include the government funding 80% of the development cost of a weapon prototype, with the industry chipping in with 20%, in "long-gestation and high technological risk projects".
But it will take a lot of doing. On one hand, DRDO and its 50 labs, five defence PSUs, four shipyards and 39 ordnance factories continue to fail to deliver the goods for the armed forces. On the other, the private sector is yet to make any substantial contribution since the defence production sector was opened up in 2001-2002.
"The government's flip-flops and the strong PSU lobby have discouraged the private sector from jumping into defence manufacturing in a big way till now. For instance, the move to accord the Raksha Udyog Ratna status to selected private companies, and treat them at par with defence PSUs, was junked under pressure," said a senior officer.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Correction in markets is not temporary: ExpertYou are here: Home > Collections > Capex
Correction in markets should not be temporary: Hemindra Hazari
ET Now Dec 10, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
Hemindra Hazari
In a chat with ET Now, market analyst Hemindra Hazari , shares his views on the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: We have had some gashes for three days now. What do you think is the nature of this correction?
Hemindra Hazari: This correction should not be temporary. It is long overdue. This is the trend with global equity markets as well. There was a euphoric rise because of liquidity and in India, people thought that Modi could wave his magic wand and companies would invest in capex.
It's been six months and we have not seen that happening so far and I do not see that happening in the near future as well. The corporate will keep demanding steep discounts in terms of land acquisition on squeezing labour cost. The government is working on both. Their basic argument is that we will invest in capex if you give us these sops.
My contention is that even if the government were to give these sops, the companies will not invest in capex because globally, as well as in India, they do not see profit today in this kind of investvent.
Everybody is sitting on spare capacity. The capacity utilisation has to steeply increase. They would consider that only after that. There is a paucity of demand today - globally, as well as in India. Hence, this is what you are seeing.
Metal stocks are down because of commodity stocks everywhere and commodities coming down. It is not just oil. That by itself is an indicator that the markets globally are expecting the slowdown to worsen.
Also, banks have lent to highly leveraged corporates in India and that is another point some people are making that is going to get growth back and spur companies to invest in India.
The point is, who will finance that growth? Even if there is growth, banks are not going to further finance corporates that are already heavily burdened with debt and a lot of companies today are delaying the interest payments.
The macro situation is bleak and therefore, I do not see temporary correction. The underlying fundamentals in India as well as around the globe remain weak.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi to Spain  Uber in trouble over passenger safety worldwideDelhi to Spain, Uber in trouble over rider safety worldwide
IANS  Washington, December 10, 2014
First Published: 11:23 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:08 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
US-based online ride-sharing service Uber, in the eye of a storm over the rape of a passenger in New Delhi by one of its commissioned drivers, ran into more trouble worldwide besides its home turf.
Prosecutors in Los Angeles and in San Francisco said Tuesday they were filing a suit against the San Francisco based service, alleging false and misleading statements to consumers, according to USA Today. At the same time, the prosecutors said they had reached a settlement with Uber's rival service, Lyft, in a consumer protection action. Lyft agreed to pay $500,000 in civil penalties.
San Francisco District Attorney George Gascón and Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey jointly announced the actions in San Francisco. "Uber continues to put consumers at risk by misleading the public about the background checks of its drivers and its unwillingness to ensure that correct fares are charged," Lacey was quoted as saying.
Portland, Oregon's largest city Monday filed a lawsuit Monday to shut down Uber there just days after the launch of its low-cost UberX service in defiance of city officials. The lawsuit, filed in the Oregon Circuit Court, claims Uber is operating in violation of Portland city regulations and asks the court to order Uber stop operations, CNet reported.
Ride-sharing apps have been hit with cease-and-desist orders in Pennsylvania and Virginia, and resistance to Uber and Lyft has also heated up in New York, San Francisco, Chicago, Washington, DC, Denver, Miami and Los Angeles, it said.
Meanwhile, according to the New York Times, Spain and Thailand Tuesday ordered the ride-sharing service to cease operations.
In Madrid, a commercial court judge sided with a taxi association complaint, while in Bangkok, Thai transport authorities ordered Uber to shut down after finding that its drivers lacked the registration and insurance needed to operate commercial vehicles.
Also on Monday, a Dutch appeals court upheld that Uber drivers who transport passengers without a taxi license are violating Dutch law, the Times said.
The court said the company would be subject to immediate fines if it continued to operate its UberPop service, which enables any licensed driver with a car and Uber-issued device to pick up passengers.
Earlier in September, a Frankfurt court barred UberPop from operating in Germany, the largest market in Europe, until a case could be heard on its compliance with competition rules, Times said.
On Friday, a court in Paris is expected to decide whether to shut down the service in France, it said.

Sensex  Nifty volatile; midcaps outperform  Shanghai up 2%Dec 10, 2014, 01.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex volatile, Nifty above 8350; Shanghai rebounds
Asian markets traded mixed amid weak global cues and sluggish data from China. However, Shanghai recovered from the day's low to trade with more than 2 percent gains.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex volatile, Nifty above 8350; Shanghai rebounds
Asian markets traded mixed amid weak global cues and sluggish data from China. However, Shanghai recovered from the day's low to trade with more than 2 percent gains.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:55pm L&T in News
L&T Construction, the construction arm of L&T, has won orders worth Rs 2008 crore including two new international orders in the months of November and December 2014.
Power transmission and distribution business has secured new orders worth Rs 1058 crore from Algerian transmission utility company - SONELGAZ – GRTE (National Society for Electricity and Gas), Power Grid Corporation of India (in Jammu & Kashmir), Bihar Grid Company, Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam etc.
Buildings and factories business has secured orders worth Rs 920 crore for the construction of a midfield airport terminal building and car park at Abu Dhabi, and for the construction of various buildings for two-wheeler company's manufacturing plant in Gujarat. The scope involves civil, structural and other associated works.
Orders worth Rs 30 crore have also been received from various ongoing jobs of heavy civil infrastructure and water & renewable energy businesses, says the company in its filing.
12:35pm RBI deputy governor says
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor SS Mundra said the central bank would have room to cut interest rates should factors leading to lower inflation continue.
The comments come ahead of consumer inflation data due on Friday. The RBI held interest rates steady earlier this month, but said it could ease monetary policy early next year.
Mundra also said the central bank would grant licences to so-called payment banks by March or April after releasing the final guidelines for applications last month, reports Reuters.
12:20pm Market Update
The market gained strength in afternoon trade with the Sensex rising 100.82 points to 27897.83 and the Nifty climbing 29.30 points to 8370 led by banks, metals and power stocks. State Bank of India, ONGC, Hero Motocorp, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Dr Reddy's Labs, Tata Steel and Hindalco Industries gained 1-3 percent.
About 1544 shares have advanced, 1011 shares declined, and 87 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
12:15pm Market Expert
Sachin Shah, fund manager, Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that the undertone for the market is still very buoyant because macro factors are still in favour of Indian economy and the faith in Modi government is strong.
Market is giving a decent opportunity, so utilise that to buy on dips, says Shah.
Talking about sectors and stocks, he says although the slowdown in China is posing serious hurdle for the metal space but is not overly concerned about that.
12:00pm Market Check
The market remained rangebound with the Nifty trading in a range of 20 points despite weak global cues, but the broader markets outperformed equity benchmarks. The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices climbed over 0.7 percent.
The BSE Sensex rose 9.87 points to 27806.88 and the Nifty advanced 3.90 points to 8344.60. About 1477 shares have advanced, 1005 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The select panel on insurance recommends a composite cap of 49 percent on all forms of foreign direct investment. The panel says (in the report tabled in the Rajya Sabha today) term 'control' must be defined in the Insurance Act. Reliance Capital and Max India rallied 4-7 percent.
Tata Motors remained in focus today on fears of a slowdown in China impacting JLR sales. China contributes almost 40 percent to JLR sales. The stock bounced back in noon trade after seeing a 2 percent fall in early trade.
Bharti Airtel gained marginally as the TDSAT has set aside a Department of Telecommunications penalty of Rs 650 crore on the company.
Asian markets traded mixed amid weak global cues and sluggish data from China. Japan's Nikkei dropped over 2 percent whereas Shanghai recovered from the day's low to trade with more than 2 percent gains. Brent crude continued to trade around five-year lows on oversupply concerns.
11:00

Undertone for market still buoyant; buy on dips: EmkaySachin Shah, fund manager, Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that the undertone for the market is still very buoyant because macro factors are still in favour of Indian economy and the faith in Modi government is strong.
Market is giving a decent opportunity, so utilise that to buy on dips, says Shah.
Talking about sectors and stocks, he says although the slowdown in China is posing serious hurdle for the metal space but is not overly concerned about that.
Also read: Use correction to invest in equity; like IT: ICICI Pru  
The house is bullish on  Tata Motors and owns it in their portfolio. With early signs of a turn around in the MHCV cycle space, and the company being a market leader in that is sure to benefit, says Shah in an interview to CNBC-TV18. Moreover, JLR is a strong franchise for them and the valuations too are reasonable, he adds.
He is bullish on the private banks like ICICI Bank , HDFC Bank . From the NBFCs space he likes  Bajaj Finance which is poised for good growth in the next few years. The house has a position in the stock.
Below is the transcript of Sachin Shah's interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: There has been quite a bit of correction that we have seen but would you we brave to buy now or would you expect some more correction may be another two to three percent?
A: We certainly feel that undertone in the market is still very buoyant. Lot of macro factors are still absolutely in the favor of the Indian economy and the faith in the Modi government is still very strong. There are quite a few sectors and stocks where we are still comfortable with the current valuations considering the earnings outlook that we have for the next two-three years. So, frankly we still believe that this is a decent opportunity and this is a market to buy dips.
Ekta: Your outlook in terms of couple of these metal stocks for example we have Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) which is gaining around 2.8 percent. In general what would your sense be on the metal space especially in light of the fact that the China slow down is becoming a little more prominent?
A: China slow down is a serious hurdle for the entire metal space at this point in time. There could be a few days where there could be some spikes in prices. However, overall I don’t see any great excitement as far as the metal space is concerned at this point in time.
There are some other issues with some of these specific companies be it debt, be some of the environmental clearances issues so all those issues are also there. However, more importantly the commodity prices we have seen there is a huge softening that is happening and it still continues. We don’t see any great reasons why one should be very excited about metal sector at this point in time.
Anuj: What about Tata Motors that is also reacting negatively today?
A: Tata Motors actually should do well and we also own that stock let me first make that disclaimer. We feel that there are couples of things over there one is that the Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicles (MHCV) cycle in the domestic market seems to have bottomed out few months back and we are also seeing some earlier signs of things turning around. So in terms of the rentals that truck guys are getting we are seeing some early signs of actual turn around in MHCV and Tata Motors being the market leader should benefit.
Over and above that, Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) continues to be a very strong franchise. There can be a some bit of slow down in China’s economy but JLR is very strong franchise and on the other side you have seen US markets doing very well so somewhere they will make it up and the valuations are very reasonable so Tata Motors looks like a good bet.
Q: What is your view on the financials?
A: Our top picks would be in the private banking and some of the niche non banking financial companies (NBFCs). So within the private banking the stocks that we own and we still like are ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank.
We also like Bajaj Finance. It is one company which has done very well and will continue to do well with the kind of the growth that we have seen in the consumer durable segment. We have a very strong position there.
The stock has done quite well; it is no more very cheap. However, with the kind of the growth that they deliver and the kind of the quality assets that they have my sense is that the stock would still do well in the next few years.
Disclosure: Most of the stocks we would have recommended we would own in our portfolio management services
RELATED NEWS

Rosekamal Textiles appoints Jayendra S. Shah as company secretaryDec 10, 2014, 12.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rosekamal Textiles appoints Jayendra S. Shah as company secretary
Rosekamal Textiles Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Jayendra S. Shah, has been appointed as the Company Secretary as well as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from November 01, 2014 by the Board of Directors of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rosekamal Textiles appoints Jayendra S. Shah as company secretary
Rosekamal Textiles Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Jayendra S. Shah, has been appointed as the Company Secretary as well as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from November 01, 2014 by the Board of Directors of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Rosekamal Textiles Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Jayendra S. Shah, has been appointed as the Company Secretary as well as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from November 01, 2014 by the Board of Directors of the Company.Source : BSE

Thejo Engineering to benefit in medium to long term: CRISILLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Thejo Engineering to benefit in medium to long term: CRISIL
Thejo Engineering - Driven by vast experience in the material handling industry, established client relationships and focus on R&D, the company is well placed to benefit in the medium to long term. We retain our SME fundamental grade of 5/5, says CRISIL Research.
Post your opinion here
CRISIL Research's report on Thejo Engineering
Thejo Engineering (Thejo) reported subdued profits in FY14 and H1FY15. While the domestic business continued to perform well led by healthy traction in services, the overseas investments (for marketing and technical teams) impacted EBITDA margin as overseas sales are yet to pick up. We expect margins to be under pressure in the near term but recover FY17 onwards following expected gradual increase in sales at the overseas locations led by the company’s marketing efforts. Further, with the expected revival in the domestic economy, growth in Thejo’s key end-user industries - mining, steel and power - is expected to bounce back leading to incremental demand. Driven by vast experience in the material handling industry, established client relationships and focus on R&D, Thejo is well placed to benefit in the medium to long term. We retain our SME fundamental grade of 5/5.
We forecast consolidated revenues to grow at 22% CAGR over FY14-17 to Rs 2.7 bn – services revenues are expected to grow at 29% CAGR and product revenues at 7% CAGR. EBITDA margin is expected to decline to 5% in FY15 from 9.7% in FY14 and then recover to 11% in FY17. PAT is expected to grow at 50% CAGR over FY14-17 to Rs 115 mn.
We have lowered our earnings estimates for FY15 and FY16 by 84% and 30%, respectively, to factor in investments in marketing and sales in the overseas markets. We continue to use the discounted cash flow (DCF) method to value Thejo. We have rolled forward our model by one year to FY16 and maintain the fair value at Rs 219 per share. This fair value implies P/E multiples of 8.9x FY16E and 6.5x FY17E EPS.
Disclaimer: This report (Report) has been commissioned by the Company/Investor/Exchange and prepared by CRISIL. The report is based on data publicly available or from sources considered reliable by CRISIL (Data). However, CRISIL does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Data / Report and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of Data / Report. Opinions expressed herein are CRISIL's opinions as on the date of this Report.  The Data / Report are subject to change without any prior notice. Nothing in this Report constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or any solicitation, whatsoever. The Report is not a recommendation to buy / sell or hold any securities of the Company. CRISIL especially states that it has no financial liability, whatsoever, to the subscribers / users of this Report. This Report is for the personal information of the authorized recipient only. This Report should not be reproduced or redistributed or communicated directly or indirectly in any form to any other person or published or copied in whole or in part especially outside India, for any purpose.
 
CRISIL Limited. All Rights Reserved. Published under permission from CRISIL"
 

Keep count of ATM visits as banks levy charges for serviceStory
Keep a count of ATM visits
State Bank of India, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank have decided to charge its customers beyond five transactions in a month.
Team Money Today        Edition: December 2014
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
From now onwards you might have to keep an exact count of the number of transactions done at automated teller machines (ATM) as banks have started charging you for the service .
State Bank of India, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank have decided to charge its customers beyond five transactions in a month.
At ATMs of other banks, account holders will be charged after three transactions. After exhausting the limit, banks will charge you Rs 20 for financial and around Rs 8 (excluding taxes) for non-financial transactions.
Earlier, five transactions were free at other banks' ATMs and there was no limit on transactions in the bank's own ATMs. The new set of rules is applicable in six metro cities - Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Hyderabad.

Tampering with scientific temperUpdated: December 9, 2014 02:30 IST
Tampering with scientific temper
science and technology
Is scientific temper an attitude for both the public and the private domains or is it only for the public domain? Is it opposed to or can it coexist with superstition? These are questions India must debate
In early November, the Prime Minister announced that an important initiative to celebrate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru was the “promotion of scientific temper among children”. Endorsing this view, a few days later, the Home Minister, who is also the convener of the committee tasked to organise the celebrations, lauded Nehru’s leadership role in promoting scientific temper and in establishing the institutions of science in the country. He described Nehru as a “Rashtra Purush,” high praise which the Sangh Parivar reserves for very few. The message from the two leaders is clear: India needs to invest in “scientific temper” especially among the young if we wish, as a nation, to be a proud participating member of the world of scientific knowledge. There was no ambiguity about government intent. India was on the threshold of a new push towards scientific temper.
Issue of domains
Some weeks later, the Union Cabinet Minister for Human Resource Development, which is the Ministry in charge of schools, colleges, universities, the Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research, the Indian Institutes of Management and the Indian Institutes of Technology, and thus with the responsibility for the “promotion of scientific temper among children”, was reported, by the media, to have spent four hours with an astrologer in Rajasthan.
When queried about the nature of the consultation, since it concerned the link between palmistry and forecasting the shape of the future, and about the message this publicly reported consultation would give to children, the Minister responded by asking the media to respect her privacy. She thereby introduced a new element into the debate. Is scientific temper an attitude for both the public and the private domains or is it only for the public domain? Is it an attitude of being, for the whole person, or is it only a protocol for public activity? Is scientific temper opposed to superstition or can it cohabit easily with superstition? Is astrology a science or is it superstition? Can the evidence from the palm provide testable hypothesis about future events, such as high humidity means that it will rain, or increased particulate matter in air will produce respiratory illnesses? Is there a causal relation?
These are interesting questions and India, following the Prime Minister’s call, will need to debate them. The urgency of the debate was emphasised when the former Chief Minister of Uttarakhand stated, in no less a place than Parliament, that astrology is superior to science and that Jyotish is a science to make calculations lakhs of years in advance and that all other sciences are dwarfed in front of astrology. With these two counter statements, to the two of the Prime Minister and the Home Minister, the debate has now got very confusing. Can one make calculations lakhs of years in advance? Is scientific temper only a public and not a private matter? Is astrology the master science?
Nehru on astrology
Perhaps it is useful to go back a little and see what our Rashtra Purush’s attitude was to astrology. In a letter to Ram Swarup Sharma, the Director of the Indian Institute of Astronomical and Sanskrit Research, New Delhi, dated July 16, 1959, the Prime Minister wrote: “Dear Shri Sharma. Thank you for your letter of the 13th July which has reached me. You have referred in this letter to my lack of belief in Astrology. This is largely true. But every kind of real scientific research should be welcomed, provided it is conducted on scientific lines. My own impression is that our forefathers in India made very considerable progress in astronomical calculations. While I welcome the effort you are making to have a scientific inquiry in these matters, I do not think it will be at all suitable for this book to be dedicated to me. I am sure you will appreciate my point of view. …. Yours sincerely, Jawaharlal Nehru.”
Sharma was researching Sanskrit texts to see how far astrology in ancient India could be separated from astronomy. Nehru’s letter has four lessons for our debate on astrology and scientific temper. The first is his lack of belief in the claims of astrology to predict the future. That is why he did not wish the book to be dedicated to him. To be honoured in a book on astrology went against his scientific temper. The second is the distinction he made between astronomy and astrology in ancient India and his appreciation of the ancient advances of astronomy. The third is his welcoming of the use of the method of scientific testing. Such a method is valid for all domains of knowledge. In spite of his disbelief in astrology, he was open to the idea that its claims should be tested by the scientific method. This was the nature of his scientific temper. He would have argued that if astrology constitutes a set of testable propositions, which it claims to be, then the claim that “a marriage conducted when Mangal is entering the fourth quadrant is doomed to fail,” made by astrology, is similar to the claim that “it will rain tomorrow afternoon in Chennai south,” made by the meteorological department. A science must be made up of testable propositions. A science has researcher independent protocols for validating its truth claims. Would different astrologers agree in their reading of a single horoscope? The fourth is his taking, as Prime Minister, a public position against astrology in spite of the public’s deep belief in it. He risked a loss of political capital but still as the first educator to the nation he had to promote a scientific temper. The message from him was clear. Astrology cannot cohabit with a scientific temper.
The fact that astrology is not a science was most dramatically established by Padma Vibhushan Jayant Narlikar, India’s most eminent astrophysicist, who, along with Narendra Dabholkar, Sudhakar Kunte and Prakash Ghatpande, conducted a statistical test on astrological claims. In an article titled “An Indian Test of Indian Astrology,” published in the March/April 2013 issue of Skeptical Inquirer, which is available on the net, Narlikar describes how a set of 200 horoscopes were collected — 100 from bright students and 100 from students — in schools for the mentally challenged. Taking all the preoccupations of a double blind process, astrologers were invited to read the horoscopes. Twenty-seven responded. Here are the conclusions. “Our experiment with twenty-seven Indian astrologers judging forty horoscopes each, and a team of astrologers judging 200 horoscopes, showed that none were able to tell bright children from mentally handicapped children better than chance. Our results contradict the claims of Indian astrologers and are consistent with the many tests of western astrologers. In summary, our results are firmly against Indian astrology being considered as a science.”
We are now called upon to choose between two incompatible positions: one that sees no contradiction between astrology and scientific temper and the other which views them as fundamentally opposed. “A Statement on Scientific Temper” released by P.N. Haksar, Raja Ramanna and P.M. Bhargava on July 19, 1981, stated that it is “an attitude of mind which calls for a particular outlook and pattern of behaviour” and which advocates the method of science for “acquiring knowledge.” It advocates for the “fullest use of the method of science in everyday life and in every aspect of human endeavour from ethics to politics and economics …” Scientific temper is thus not a private matter. Article 51A(h) places on all citizens the duty to develop a scientific temper and therefore we cannot be “chalta hai” about these events since social behaviour is impacted by it and a culture of fatalism created by it. We must rally behind the Prime Minister’s call to spread scientific temper. We must revive the debate of the 1980s on the nature of scientific temper. The Prime Minister must give us his views on the relation between scientific temper and astrology. Scientists must enter the debate.
The Mangalyaan launch
It is reported that when Mangalyaan was launched — the satellite which India was able to place in Mars’ orbit in the first attempt, the only country to be able to do so — the Chairman of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), Dr. Radhakrishnan, went, the day before the launch, to pray at Tirupati for its success. When asked, he is reported to have said that he did not want to leave anything to “chance.” The Mars mission was successful. ISRO deserves a double round of applause. The team of scientists had to perform a set of complex calculations and manoeuvres to lift the satellite and position it in such a way that it could be flung towards Mars using not only its own propulsion systems but also earth’s gravity. This is science at its finest. The complex calculations gave accuracy and confidence that the commands of mission control would translate into outcomes. The technology that these calculations created, and the predictions made of place and velocity of the planet and the satellite were so accurate that they could place, after several months, the satellite in Mars orbit. This is the triumph of Nehru’s scientific temper. The previous night of prayer has, however, introduced some uncertainty into the celebrations. Was it the puja at Tirupati or the science at ISRO that worked? Was “chance” reduced by combined power? Did they cohabit to place Mangalyaan in orbit, or, asked counterfactually, if there was no puja, would Mangalyaan have entered Mars’s orbit? Which was the cause of success? This is a question of scientific temper and not pseudoscientific temper.
(Peter Ronald deSouza is Professor at the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, New Delhi. The views expressed are personal.)

Richard Roeper sells condo for $1.4 millionRichard Roeper sells condo for $1.4 million
Richard Roeper
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Richard Roeper said Tuesday he will stay in the city after selling his River North condo.
Richard Roeper said Tuesday he will stay in the city after selling his River North condo. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Television Industry
Richard Roeper sells condo, not sure of plans for 2015
Chicago Sun-Times film critic and former WLS-AM co-host Richard Roeper on Monday sold his three-bedroom, 2,600-square-foot duplex penthouse condominium unit in River North for $1.395 million.
8
The condo sold for slightly above its asking price of $1.375 million.
"It seemed like an offer I couldn't refuse," Roeper said Tuesday. "I loved the place, but I was there for a decade, and there are so many great neighborhoods in Chicago, I felt it was time for a change."
Roeper said he has moved to a three-bedroom condo in the city.
He paid $17 million Monday — in cash. ( Melissa Harris )
Roeper previously told Elite Street he has no plans to leave Chicago. "It'll always be my primary residence," he said.
Still, Roeper has said his situation has changed because of work obligations. "I will be traveling a lot in 2015, and I will be working less from home, and I don't really need two full baths. I'm not even sure where I'm going."
He said he loves the River North neighborhood, "but it's a big place with just me there."
Going back to Boystown Roper?
DrVinyBoomBotts
6
He has written for the Sun-Times since 1987 and also was the co-host of the "Ebert & Roeper" movie review show from 2000 to 2008. He also provides reviews on his own website and for cable TV's Reelz channel. In October he signed off as an afternoon co-host at WLS-AM with Roe Conn.
He paid $1.5 million in 2005 for the 12th-floor unit from the building's developer. Features include three baths, custom finishes and no fewer than five outdoor spaces, including three balconies, a roof deck and a private terrace.
Roeper listed the unit in early October. This wasn't the first time Roeper has tried to sell the unit. In December 2008, he listed the unit for $2.1 million and later cut his asking price to $1.85 million and then to $1.699 million before taking it off the market.

Protesters block highway  stop train in CaliforniaBy: Associated Press | Berkeley |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:12 pm
Hundreds of people marched through Berkeley for a third night a row, blocking a major highway and stopping a train as activists in this ultra-liberal bastion protest grand jury decisions not to indict white police officers in the deaths of two unarmed black men.
Protesters blocked traffic on both sides of a major highway in Berkeley, while another group stood on and sat on train tracks, forcing an Amtrak passenger train to stop on December 8 night.
A large group of people began peacefully marching earlier Monday through downtown Berkeley. The first stop for demonstrators shouting, “Who do you protect? Peaceful protest” was the Berkeley Police Department. A line of officers in riot gear blocked them from getting close to the building. The group then headed to a Bay Area Rapid Transit train station and sat outside, prompting authorities to briefly shut down the station.
The protests started after a Nov. 24 decision by the grand jury not to indict officer Darren Wilson in the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. A New York grand jury on Dec. 3 declined to prosecute a police officer captured on video applying a fatal chokehold on Eric Garner. That decision set off another series of demonstrations nationwide.
Police said nearly 160 people were arrested Monday night.
The California Highway Patrol arrested 150 people on suspicion of resisting arrest, obstructing police and other charges.
Berkeley Officer Jennifer Coats says nine other people, including a juvenile, were arrested in the liberal city during a protest that grew to as large as 1,500 people. Five people were arrested Sunday, police said.
Merchants in downtown Berkeley on Monday cleaned up broken glass and took stock of the previous night’s looting after a protest that turned violent Sunday night.
Although many activists in other parts of the country have gone home, demonstrations in Berkeley and Oakland are still active, reflecting the area’s long history of protest dating to the 1960s.
The crowds that came out to protest in Berkeley numbered only a few hundred, but some are not college students or residents so much as full-time demonstrators who protest anything _ war, prison conditions and economic inequality _ and sometimes use demonstrations as a pretext for violence and vandalism, just as they did during the Occupy Wall Street movement.
Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates said a tiny fraction of protesters are obscuring the wider message calling for reform of policing policies nationwide.
“The people in the Bay Area are sensitive to worldwide issues,” Bates said. “Unfortunately, there is a small element that uses violence at times to make their point.”
Bates called the violent elements of the demonstration “cowards and thugs who need to take off their masks.”

Fuel prices  reduced excise duty help push car salesNew Delhi, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 22:31 IST
Fuel prices, reduced excise duty help push car sales
Yuthika Bhargava
Sales of commercial vehicles rose 9.05 per cent. File Photo
TOPICS
automobile
Domestic car sales in November stood at 1,56,445 units, up 9.52 per cent, as compared to 1,42,849 units in the same month of 2013.
Domestic passenger car sales registered a 9.52 per cent growth at 1.56 lakh units in November, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) on Tuesday here. Sales stood at 1.43 lakh units in the same month last year. The growth was seen mainly on the back of lower fuel prices and excise duty cuts.
“Sales have grown in November as the overall sentiment has improved due to overall cost of ownership having come down with the lowering of fuel prices and benefits of reduced excise duty continuing,” SIAM Director- General Vishnu Mathur said.
“Hopefully, we are on a recovery path. If you want it deep-rooted, interest rate cut is required so that people sitting on the fence start buying,” Mr. Mathur said, adding that the industry was is hopeful that the government would extend the excise duty relief till the budget.
Even as car sales have been fluctuating, growth for the period April to November has been positive. Sales grew 3.82 per cent at 1.21 million units in April-November 2014 against 1.16 million units a year-ago period.
Market leader Maruti Suzuki India showed a growth of 14.87 per cent at 82,306 units in domestic passenger car sales, while Hyundai Motor India sales grew 6.04 per cent at 35,448 units. Honda Cars India saw 24.72 per cent growth at 11,612 units. Tata Motors’' sales grew by 30.03 per cent to 10,286 units. However, Mahindra & Mahindra’s sales in the said month declined by 16.22 per cent to 13,613 units.
In two wheeler segment, Motorcycle sales declined by 3.05 per cent to 8.54 lakh units, while scooter sales were up 26.40 per cent at 3.87 lakh units.
“Motorcycle sales have been hit as rural sales have been impacted by weak monsoon. It is the scooter segment, which has been during the growth of two-wheeler segment,” Mr. Mathur said.
Sales of commercial vehicles rose by 9.05 per cent to 47,686 units in November.
“Medium and heavy commercial vehicles (M&HCVs) sales grew by 40 per cent in November, the highest during the fiscal,” he said.

Cos funding schemes under Adarsh Gram part o...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Companies funding schemes under Adarsh Gram to be counted under corporate social responsibility
Rajat Arora, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
("We already have the clause…)
NEW DELHI: With parliamentarians crying foul over dearth of funds to implement the Adarsh Gram Yojana, the government expects India Inc to help implement Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious scheme. The corporate affairs ministry has cleared the decks for companies to fund schemes at the village level by tying up with the Lok Sabha members concerned and count the spending under the mandatory corporate social responsibility (CSR) head.The ministry's move comes at a time when several opposition members including Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi have slammed the government for its failure to earmark dedicated funds for the scheme.A senior government official said that the existing CSR norms (schedule VII of the Companies Act 2013) have to be interpreted liberally and companies will be sensitised and encouraged to sponsor the rural development programme.
"The companies can tie up with MPs to fund the scheme in adopted villages. The spending can be claimed under several heads of CSR rules, which include constructing EWS housing, education, sanitation, health and eradication of poverty," added the official, who did not wish to be named.Corporate affairs minister Arun Jaitley had recently said that the companies were expected to spend about Rs 15,000 crore in a year towards CSR activities. However, according to the ministry officials, the figure is unlikely to cross Rs 5,000-6,000 crore in the first year due to absence of any penalty clause.
"We already have the clause in the norms where companies which do not want to spend directly can fund the NGOs working in different sector.
They can similarly sponsor the government's endeavour of building model villages. Participation of the companies will also lead to better implementation of the scheme," the official cited earlier added. Meanwhile, to ensure proper compliance with CSR rules under the new Companies Act, the government is planning to constitute a high-level committee to suggest measures for proper assessment of CSR initiatives undertaken by companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google Chromecast  Nexus 6 come to India thanks to Great Online Shopping FestivalAfter Xiaomi, now OnePlus stopped from selling its phones in India
Google on Tuesday launched the Google Chromecast and Nexus 6 in India to kick off the three-day Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) starting on December 10. The Chromecast will costs Rs 2,999 and and will be available on snapdeal.com and select Airtel stores across India. Airtel is offering Chromecast customers a range of subscription offers. Existing broadband users can access 60GB of data for 3 months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
The Chromecast will costs Rs 2,999 and and will be available on snapdeal.com
The Nexus 6 from Google & Motorola was also unveiled and will be available to buyers on Google Playstore at Rs 43,999 for the 32GB and Rs 48,999 for the 64GB version. It will be available in Midnight Blue or Cloud White colour options. Rajan Anandan, Managing Director, Google India said convenience, variety and availability of latest  products across the country were driving the growth of online shopping in India. “We started gosf in 2012 with just 90 partners and in our third year, we have five times more partners participating including many first-time partners like Big Bazaar, Lakme, Van Heusen and Asian Paints. In the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site and we are hopeful that many first time buyers will find exciting offers in the Rs 299 corner,” he added.
TAGS: Google Chromecast Google Nexus 6 Great Online Shopping Festival Mobiles
More from industry

In Mumbai  Uber bragged: Our quality checks most rigorousSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Days after a woman executive in Delhi alleged she was raped by a cab driver she hired through Uber, the US-based firm’s India GM Gagan Bhatia told police that his company was just an “aggregator” that did not conduct any verification of the drivers it engaged. But just last month, an Uber spokesman had told a woman customer in Mumbai quite the opposite.
Replying to an email from Shirin Talwar, a recruitment consultant living in South Mumbai, the spokesman assured that “each of our driver partners are put through a rigorous quality control process” that includes “routine checks of drivers’ licence and vehicle records”.
Talwar told The Indian Express that she had often used Uber’s services and had written to the company’s spokesperson on November 2, after one such trip, to ask whether they conducted any background checks on its drivers.
“I’m glad you asked that question and I’ll be more than happy to allay your concerns,” said the reply that Talwar received the next day.
“Globally and especially in India, Uber is working towards making urban transit safer for women. Let me tell you, it’s one of our biggest concerns and we’re doing a number of things to drive that agenda.
“In addition to their individual employers screening them, each of our driver partners are put through a rigorous quality control process, that is implemented religiously across the country even before a partner gets behind the wheel of your vehicle. In fact screening for safe drivers is just the beginning of our safety efforts.
”Our process includes prospective and routine checks of drivers’ license and vehicle records to ensure ongoing safe driving. Unlike the taxi industry, our background checking process and standards are so detailed, it is often more rigorous than what is required to become a taxi driver. Moreover, most of our partners are introduced to us via our preferred partners, which means that someone in the system has to vouch for their track record, creating a referral system of trust.”
The spokesman added that Uber had also joined hands with NGOs and other women drivers to “create a safer in-transit atmosphere across India”.
An unconvinced Talwar wrote again to the spokesperson but the second reply, she said, was also ambiguous. “I can assure you that our efforts are towards ensuring our supply eco-system is trustworthy, given the backdrop of women’s safety in our country,” the spokesperson replied.
Talwar wrote again, after she read about the rape allegation in Delhi. “It was waiting to happen and it has in Delhi,” she wrote in the email. There was no response.
The Indian Express tried to contact the spokesperson independently – once again, there was no response.
By Sunanda Mehta
TAGS: Uber Cab
More from companies

Cyber attack could cost Sony studio as much as $100 mnCyber attack could cost Sony studio as much as $100 million
Lisa Richwine     Los Angeles   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 13:13 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Sony's movie studio could face $100 million in costs from the massive computer hack that hobbled its operations and exposed sensitive data, according to cyber security experts who have studied past breaches.
The tab will be less than the $171 million Sony estimated for the breach of its Playstation Network in 2011 because it does not appear to involve customer data, the experts said.
Major costs for the attack by unidentified hackers include the investigation into what happened, computer repair or replacement, and steps to prevent a future attack. Lost productivity while operations were disrupted will add to the price tag.
"The attack, believed to be the worst of its type on a company on US soil, also hits Sony's reputation for a perceived failure to safeguard information", said Jim Lewis, senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
"Usually, people get over it, but it does have a short-term effect," said Lewis, who estimated costs for Sony could stretch to $100 million.
It typically takes at least six months after a breach to determine the full financial impact, Lewis said.
Sony has declined to estimate costs, saying it was still assessing the impact.
The company has insurance to cover data breaches, a person familiar with the matter said. Cybersecurity insurance typically reimburses only a portion of costs from hacking incidents, experts said.
People claiming responsibility for the attack posted yet-to-be-released Sony films online, including holiday musical "Annie." Macquarie Research analysts projected Sony would likely take an impairment charge of 10 billion yen ($83 million) related to the incident.
Mark Rasch, a former federal cyber crimes prosecutor, estimated costs could run up to $70 million.
Losses in that range would not mean a big financial setback to Sony Pictures Entertainment , which reported operating profit of $501 million for the fiscal year through March.
But other effects, such as the loss of trade secrets, will be difficult to measure, Rasch said. Hackers have released a trove of documents that include contracts and marketing plans that could influence competitors' strategies.
Costs could mount if Hollywood stars, producers or financiers decide to take projects to Sony's competitors.
"Will they be able to attract high-name stars if those stars believe their personal information will not be protected? "How do you know what business opportunities are lost? It's hard to put a dollar figure on it", he said.
(Reuters)

Imran Khan booked under terrorism act after FaisalabadviolenceBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:11 pm
Pakistan’s Opposition leader Imran Khan has been booked under terrorism act for allegedly inciting violence against Punjab’s former law minister Rana Sanaullah during a rally in Faisalabad.
The case was registered yesterday after Sanaullah said that Imran and other people incited the attack at his place
after a person was killed in clashes during the protest on Monday.
The case has also been registered against Pakistan Muslim League Awami chief Sheikh Rashid, Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) leaders Shah Mehmood Qureshi, Arif Alvi and Asad Umer as well as hundreds of unnamed protesters.
Sanaullah in his complaint has accused the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf of calling a strike in Faisalabad to create anarchy and instability and halting the country’s progress, Dawn reported.
He claimed that Imran and other leaders said they would attack and besiege “my house”. They had also asked their supporters to attack the residence.
The former minister claimed that 400 to 500 people had tried to attack his house but did not succeed because of the presence of his supporters.
He said police had made his statement part of the case and nominated the people he had mentioned in his application, the police said.
Violent clashes between workers of the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf and ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) in different areas of Faisalabad on Monday left activist Haq Nawaz dead and at least 17 people, including policemen, injured.
Imran and his party are protesting for alleged rigging in last year’s polls.

Why reverse mortgage has failed to take off ...You are here: Home > Collections
Why reverse mortgage has failed to take off in India
Sanjeev Sinha, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 11.57AM IST
Tags:
Cash
(Reverse mortgage, in fact,…)
Reverse mortgage has proven to be a very effective tool to supplement one's income in old age, particularly in Western countries like the United States. However, despite being introduced 7-8 years back in India, it has failed to take off the way industry experts had hoped.
But before finding out the reasons, we need to take a look at what reverse mortgage is all about.
Reverse mortgage, in fact, is a special type of loan against a home that allows the borrower to convert a portion of the equity in the property into cash. In simple words, reverse mortgage is a scheme where any individual (senior citizen) who has a self-occupied house and is looking for regular income can mortgage it to a financial institution. In return, the institution pays the person a fixed periodic (monthly, quarterly, annual) installment or a lump-sum amount at a defined rate of interest.
"The payout is generally for a fixed term of 15-20 years, after which the borrower or legal heirs (on death) can release the house by either repaying the loan or the company settles the amount by selling the house. Any excess in the process is paid to borrower or legal heirs as the case may be," says Jitendra P.S. Solanki, a SEBI-registered investment adviser and founder of JS Financial Advisors.
With a traditional second mortgage, or a home equity line of credit, one must show sufficient income versus debt ratio to qualify for such a loan, and needs to make monthly payments towards the mortgage. However, reverse mortgage pays the borrower, and is available regardless of current income or assets.
"The amount that can be borrowed depends on the borrower's age, the current interest rate, other loan fees, and the appraised value of the property. One does not have to make payments, because the loan is not due for paying off as long as the house is one's principal residence. However, like all homeowners, the borrower is still required to pay applicable real estate taxes and other conventional payments like utilities," says a Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL) India report.
Thus, as it is clear, unlike the other lines of credit, reverse mortgage doesn't require income or credit history of the borrower as repayment is based on the value of the house owned by the borrower. Also, "in reverse mortgage, the borrower doesn't have to pay principal or interest payments during the loan tenure (15-20 years). More importantly, the amount received from the lender with property as collateral is not taxable, as the same is considered as loan and not income with ownership fixed with the owner," informs Chintan Patel, director-real estate practice, Ernst & Young.
However, despite having so many advantages and global acceptability, reverse mortgage has not managed to captivate the Indian market because of multiple reasons.
Anuj Puri, chairman & country head, JLL India, says, "In the first place, it is a predominant tendency for Indians to treat owned property as an important family asset. This asset is usually intended to be inherited by the next generation, and would be liquidated only as a last resource. Also, the elderly tend to hold a place of importance in Indian culture. Property-owning senior citizens are generally assured of care and support in their golden years."
Echoing similar views, Patel says that property ownership in India is considered as an inheritable subset, which is ideally handed over to the legal heirs. Also, the owned property is considered for trade unless there is a substantial benefit or imperative financial crisis of owner.
Another point to note is that in reverse mortgage, the loan amount is capped at Rs 50 lakh - Rs 1 crore by the lender. Therefore, availing the same in key metro cities, where property prices usually range from Rs 1.5 to Rs 3 crore, is less lucrative for the borrower.
The structure of the product is also cited as the main reason for its unacceptability in India. In fact, when launched, it was a loan from a bank for a fixed term up to 5-20 years. There were also a few disadvantages in this product. Firstly, there was no lifetime income which most retirees search for in any fixed income avenue. Secondly, the liability of repaying the loan was set to arise as the term gets over. So, if someone lives the term, one runs a risk of loosing the house if one is not able to repay the loan.
"This can be a dangerous situation for any retire who have only a house to live. Also, the income offered in this product was quite low as it was a loan product from a bank which is more dependent on interest rate environment. Since there are lots of emotions attached to a house ownership, not many came forward to mortgage their house for such a low income and take the life risk of loosing the asset if they live thereafter," says Jitendra Solanki.

India likely to grow between 5-6% in 2015: M...Banking system
("Employment and consumption…)
NEW DELHI: Indian economy is expected to pick up pace in 2015 and grow in the range of 5 to 6 per cent, helped by strong domestic demand, rating agency Moody's said today.
"India will have stronger GDP growth in 2015, which we forecast at 5-6 per cent, up from around 5 per cent in 2014," Moody's said in a report titled -- 2015 Outlook-Global Credit Conditions.
The country, it said, has benefited from a strong domestic demand base and diversified export markets that give protection from the effects of a slowing Chinese economy and muted growth in the euro zone and Japan .
"Employment and consumption are likely to rise in India, and the fall in global commodity prices will help to lower high inflation in the country," Moody's said.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent. The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.
It also projected that corporates would see improved cash flows on account of acceleration in manufacturing activity.
However, Moody's outlook on the banking system remains negative as it expects poor asset quality to require continued provisioning and strengthened capital buffers.
"Our outlook for the Indian banking system remains negative, reflecting high leverage in the corporate sector that will inhibit any meaningful recovery in asset quality, notwithstanding a moderate rebound in economic growth," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex gains a 100 points as China stocks see sharp rebound; top betsSensex in green, Nifty reclaims 8350 levels; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 12.21PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank Ltd
(Sensex managed to bounce…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex managed to bounce back in green after falling as much as 87 points earlier in the trading session on Wednesday tracking weak global cues. The rally in the index was led by gains in Infosys, HDFC Bank, Bharti Airtel and ONGC.
However, the rest of the Asian markets were trading lower as European political woes added to the anxiety, after the government in Athens brought forward a presidential vote that heightened uncertainty over the country's transition out of its IMF/EU bailout, Reuters reported.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also bounced back from lows to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8350 in trade today, supported by gains in banks, consumer goods, power and realty stocks.
At 12:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,898.63, up 101.62 points or 0.28 per cent. The Nifty was at 8,372.80 up 32.10 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
RIL Ltd: Reliance Industries Ltd on Tuesday said it will transfer its textile business into a new joint venture with China's Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group Co Ltd (Ruyi).
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.14 per cent lower at Rs 938.50.
Reliance Capital Ltd: At a time when domestic and international investors are queuing up for a slice of the booming Indian e-commerce segment, Anil Ambani-led Reliance Capital (RCap) is encashing its investment in Yatra.com - the leading online travel company - for Rs 500 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 521.50.
Lakshmi Vilas Bank Ltd: Private sector Lakshmi Vilas Bank has revised interest rates on term deposits with a maturity period of over 180 days, with effect from later today. The revised interest rates have been in the range of 5 to 25 basis points, a bank statement said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent higher at Rs 80.60.
BHEL: Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd ( BHEL ) would set up an integrated solar photo-voltaic manufacturing facility of around 500 MW per annum in Maharashtra, Parliament was informed today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 261.40.
SpiceJet Ltd: Executives of SpiceJet and its parent, the Sun Group, met India's aviation regulator on Thursday to assure him of the airline's ability to survive.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 15.50.
JSW Steel Ltd: The Sajjan Jindal-led steel maker said its crude steel production grew by 3 per cent in November to 11.07 lakh tonnes. It produced 10.72 lakh tonnes of steel in the same month last year, it said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 1125.
Insurance related stocks: The Parliamentary Select Committee report on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill is likely to be tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
At 10:00 a.m.; Max India was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 393.75.
OMCs: Brent crude oil fell to a 5-year low near $65 a barrel in volatile trade on Tuesday, sliding for a sixth consecutive session on signs of a growing supply glut.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 0.1 per cent lower at Rs 347.55.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside penalty notices of Rs 650 crore slapped on Airtel and of .`100 crore on Vodafone for subscriber local dialing service.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 357.05.
Axis Bank Ltd: The private sector bank launched a 20-year home loan scheme at a fixed rate of 10.40 per cent for loans of up to Rs 50 lakh.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 490.55.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SKS Microfinance surges 9%  UBS initiates with buy ratingDec 10, 2014, 12.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SKS Micro surges 9%, UBS initiates coverage with buy call
UBS initiated coverage on the stock with buy rating and set target price of Rs 500, citing strong growth potential and high return on equity (ROE) in the micro finance company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SKS Micro surges 9%, UBS initiates coverage with buy call
UBS initiated coverage on the stock with buy rating and set target price of Rs 500, citing strong growth potential and high return on equity (ROE) in the micro finance company.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  SKS Microfinance jumped as much as 8.8 percent intraday to hit fresh 52-week high of Rs 379.50 on Wednesday. Brokerage UBS initiated coverage on the stock with buy rating and set target price of Rs 500, citing strong growth potential and high return on equity (ROE) in the micro finance company.
SKS is one of its preferred NBFC picks (the others are  LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance ).
The brokerage said after consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking microfinance companies (NBFC-MFIs) have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of more than 40 percent in FY14 and H1 FY15. It expects low microfinance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC-MFIs to support a loan CAGR of more than 25 percent for the sector over the medium term.
SKS Microfinance (SKSM) is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book (and the only listed microfinance company), and has a diversified loan book and national presence.
Credit losses in the microfinance business have been low (except in Andhra Pradesh), says the brokerage, which expects them to remain so due to regulatory restrictions on loan levels, and the establishment of a credit bureau.
UBS expects an FY15-17 operating expenses CAGR of only 19 percent for SKSM, driven by higher efficiency and tax rate of about 5 percent in FY15. Despite the higher tax rate, FY15-17 earnings per share CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) is expected to be 66 percent and return on assets/return on equity is seen improving from 2.8 percent/16 percent in FY14 to 7.1 percent/24 percent in FY17, says the brokerage.
The key risks are adverse regulatory actions and political intervention.
At 11:22 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 377.80, up Rs 28.85, or 8.27 percent amid high volumes on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Bharti Airtel up 2%; TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 cr penaltyDec 10, 2014, 11.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharti Airtel up 2%; TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 cr penalty
The DoT had issued demand notice of Rs 650 crore to Airtel and Rs 100 crore to Vodafone (formerly Hutch) in July and August 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bharti Airtel up 2%; TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 cr penalty
The DoT had issued demand notice of Rs 650 crore to Airtel and Rs 100 crore to Vodafone (formerly Hutch) in July and August 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Bharti Airtel jumped 2 percent in early trade on Wednesday as telecom tribunal TDSAT set aside Rs 650 crore penalty on Bharti Airtel imposed by the DoT in a roaming case, which has come as a big relief.
The DoT had issued demand notice of Rs 650 crore to Airtel and Rs 100 crore to Vodafone (formerly Hutch) in July and August 2013.
The DoT had found Bharti Airtel routing national and international calls as local calls (SLD) under a scheme till 2005 despite being told to stop it in 2003, and that it caused loss to the government exchequer and state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam (BSNL) across 13 service areas.
Similar allegations were levelled against Hutch for offering such services in Delhi and Mumbai. The DoT imposed Rs 50 crore in each telecom circle for alleged violation of rule on both the companies.
The service was carried on by Hutch for slightly over a year from 12 December 2002 to 31 December 2003, and by Airtel for over two years from 5 October 2002 to 11 January 2005.
TDSAT said that there was no loss to BSNL due to these services by Airtel and Vodafone.
The tribunal pulled up DoT saying the department "must learn that imposition of penalty is not a means for generation of revenue and to meet the financial targets and we regret to say that such orders can only be passed by someone who, safe in anonymity, feels secure from any accountability." 
At 11:01 hrs Bharti Airtel was quoting at Rs 353.05, down Rs 1.20, or 0.34 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from PTI)

Live: Uproar in Rajya Sabha over alleged conversion row by an RSS offshootmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India likely to grow between 5-6 per cent in 2015: Moody s36
0
New Delhi: Indian economy is expected to pick up pace in 2015 and grow in the range of 5 to 6 per cent, helped by strong domestic demand, rating agency Moody's said on Wednesday.
"India will have stronger GDP growth in 2015, which we forecast at 5-6 per cent, up from around 5 per cent in 2014," Moody's said in a report titled 2015 Outlook-Global Credit Conditions.
The country, it said, has benefited from a strong domestic demand base and diversified export markets that give protection from the effects of a slowing Chinese economy and muted growth in the euro zone and Japan.
Employment and consumption are to rise in India, and the fall in global commodity prices will help to lower high inflation.
#india #moody #commodity price #inflation
"Employment and consumption are likely to rise in India, and the fall in global commodity prices will help to lower high inflation in the country," Moody's said.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent. The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.
It also projected that corporates would see improved cash flows on account of acceleration in manufacturing activity.
However, Moody's outlook on the banking system remains negative as it expects poor asset quality to require continued provisioning and strengthened capital buffers.
"Our outlook for the Indian banking system remains negative, reflecting high leverage in the corporate sector that will inhibit any meaningful recovery in asset quality, notwithstanding a moderate rebound in economic growth," it added.
4

Jindal Steel shares surge after coal block auction reportsJindal Steel shares surge on coal block auction reports
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 18:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) gained almost 4 per cent on the  domestic bourses on hopes that the coal block auction may help holders.
ICICI Securities said in a note that JSPL hosted a roadshow for the company in UK, adding that it was represented by Group CEO Ravi Uppal and head of investor relations D Balasubramanyam.
The Delhi-based energy conglomerate expects coal block auction bidding process to help incumbents, as per the note.
The JSPL scrip was trading at Rs 150.70 a piece, up 5.65 points (or 3.9 per cent) on the Bombay Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
Similarly, on the National Stock Exchange , the company's stock was up 5.4 points (or 3.72 per cent), at Rs 150.50 per scrip.
While acknowledging competition, JSPL expects itself to be favourably disposed under the technical parameters, the ICICI Securities note adds.
The coal ministry in November unveiled draft rules for auction of 204 coal blocks cancelled by the Supreme Court earlier.
The process is expected to be complete by March 2015, the broker note said.
The scrip closed 2.62 per cent higher at Rs 148.85 a piece on the BSE and over 7.1 lakh shares of JSPL were traded on the bourse.
(Reuters)

Overseas acquisitions on Godrej group s radarOverseas acquisitions on Godrej group's radar
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 12.32PM IST
Tags:
(Godrej said currently opportunity…)
KOLKATA: The Godrej Group sees more opportunity in overseas acquisitions, says its chairman Adi Godrej .
Godrej said currently opportunity is more in overseas markets and his group is exploring acquisitions not beyond developing nations.
The group's overseas revenue constitutes 25-30 per cent of its turnover.
The group is targeting Asia , Africa and Latin America in personal care, home care and hair care categories to propel growth.
The Group has targeted a CAGR of 26 per cent from organic and inorganic growth till 2020.
"We intend to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 26 per cent in the coming years. Growth will come both organically and inorganically through acquisitions," Godrej told reporters last evening.
The Group's consumer division - Godrej Consumer Products Ltd (GCPL) - aims to acquire 100 per cent stake in African hair care company Darling Group in stages. The group has operations in 14 countries.
"We intend to by 100 per cent in the company in phases," Godrej said.
In June 2011, GCPL had acquired a 51 per cent stake in Darling Group.
Godrej group in its vison 2020 aims a 10-fold growth in topline in 10 years.
The chairman said the vison of the company has factored in the growth potential of India to surpass US and Chinese economies by 2040-50.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SKS Micro surges 7%; UBS initiates with  buyUBS initiates coverage on SKS Microfinance, sees over 40% upside in 12 months
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
LIC
(UBS initiated coverage…)
NEW DELHI: UBS initiated coverage on SKS Microfinance with a 'buy' rating on Tuesday with a target price of Rs 500, which translates into an upside of 43 per cent from Tuesday's closing price of Rs 348.95.
The stock surged nearly 11% in intraday trade today.
Due to its strong growth potential and high ROE, SKS Microfinance is one of our preferred NBFC picks among others which are LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance.
"We base our price target on the residual income method; it implies 3.7x FY17E P/BV and 17x FY17E PE. Our key assumptions in the model are a discount rate of 13.5 per cent, beta of 1.1 and an equity risk premium of 5 per cent," UBS said in a report.
After consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of over 40 per cent in FY14 and H1 FY15.
The global investment bank expects low microfinance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC MFIs to support a loan CAGR of over 25 per cent for the sector over the medium term.
SKS Microfinance (SKSM) is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book, and has a diversified loan book and national presence. UBS expect a 32 per cent CAGR in assets under management (AUM) over FY15-17.
SKS Microfinance provides an attractive opportunity to invest in India's microfinance industry, which is highly under-penetrated. Estimates points to the fact that, SKS is likely to grow at a much higher rate than other India financials in the medium term.
The shares have significantly outperformed benchmark indices, with a return of 89 per cent YTD (compared to 62% for the BSE Bankex and 33% for the CNX Nifty) and are now trading at 2.6x FY17E P/BV and 12.1x FY17E PE.
UBS expect the robust earnings outlook (66% earnings CAGR over FY15-17E) and strong ROE to continue to support the premium valuation in the medium term, and see re-rating potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Insurance stocks surge upto 9% as panel tables Bill in RS; Max India top gainerSelect panel tables report on Insurance Bill; stocks surge
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.21PM IST
Tags:
Abizer Diwanji
(Shares of companies related…)
MUMBAI: Shares of companies related to insurance business surged higher in trade after the Select Committee submitted report on Insurance Bill in Rajya Sabha.
The Bill proposes to raise the overseas investment limit in the sector to 49 per cent from 26 per cent. The Cap is inclusive of FDI and foreign portfolio investment, say reports.
Max India Ltd surged as much as 9.03 per cent in intraday trade after the Committee tabled the report.
There are high chances of the Bill being passed after the opposition Congress party is likely to support it.
Sanjiv Bajaj, MD, Bajaj Finserv in an interview to ET Now said the Insurance Bill provisions allow smoother working of industry. Composite foreign capital hiked to 49 per cent is a positive for the sector allow more flexibility to insurers.
It will be a positive for the insurance space over the long term. Foreign partner in insurance companies may hike stake depending on final norms, he added.
Insurance players with lower level of maturity may do well with FDI, says Abizer Diwanji , Partner, EY-India.
In an interview to ET Now he said few players may be keen to come in insurance industry. He sees some level of consolidation in Insurance industry going forward.
At 11:45 a.m.; Max India was at Rs 411.45, up 5.89 per cent on the BSE. It surged 9.03 per cent to hit intraday high of Rs 423.65.
Exide Industries was at Rs 176, up 2.53 per cent on the BSE. It gained 3.02 per cent to hit intraday high of Rs 176.85.
Reliance Capital was at day's high at Rs 533, up 3.37 per cent on the BSE.
Bajaj Finserv was at Rs 1321.70, down 2.09 per cent on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy SKS Microfinance on every dip  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy SKS Microfinance on every dip, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends buying SKS Microfinance on every dip.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "You buy SKS Microfinance  on every dip. Every three-four days when it consolidates, it becomes an opportunity to go long. There is no need to look at targets because it is just beginning its upmove. It is a very nice share to be in."
At 12:08 hrs SKS Microfinance was quoting at Rs 375.30, up Rs 26.35, or 7.55 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 379.50.
Disclosure: Analyst does not have positions in the stock and always has position in the indices.
RELATED NEWS

Stay with Adani Power  target Rs 90-100: Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stay with Adani Power, target Rs 90-100: Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one may stay with Adani Power as the stock may test Rs 90-100.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "My eventual targets are about Rs 90-100 in Adani Power  based on long-term technicals. That could mean five years, that could mean anything but the point is that the targets are on the upside."
"Like Jaiprakash Power , Adani Power is building a large base. That process is time consuming, it also causes a lot of choppiness but at this point you have to stay in the stock, you cannot get out. There is no time limit but just stay," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst does not have positions in the stock and always has position in the indices.
RELATED NEWS

Kashmir will be freed  1971 will be avenged: SaeedComments
Mumbai terror attacks mastermind Hafiz Saeed criticised New Delhi on Friday for conducting what he termed were sham elections in Kashmir and said “the battle of Indian subcontinent is inevitable”.
Hafiz Saeed, the head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa and Mumbai attacks mastermind, gestures to the media as he arrives to attend a rally organised by the Defence Council of Pakistan in Peshawar. (Reuters file photo)
Saeed also asked why Prime Minister Narendra Modi was “visiting Kashmir again and again”, saying this was part of a larger conspiracy to silence the people of the state.
 
The Jamaat-ud-Dawah (JuD) chief addressed a party convention in Lahore on a day alleged Pakistan-sponsored militants staged a string of attacks in the Valley.
 
“Ghazwae Hind is inevitable, Kashmir will be freed, 1971 will be avenged and Ahmedabad Gujrat victims will get justice Insha Allah,” Saeed tweeted.
 
Thousands of people arrived in Lahore this week to participate in the two-day convention that began at the Minar-e-Pakistan grounds on Friday. Many of those attending are volunteers and members of the JuD recruited after the outfit carried out relief work in the country through its social welfare wing, the Falah-e-Insaniyat Foundation (FIF).
 
The BJP wanted to win in Kashmir by foul means to give an impression to the world that Kashmir was not a disputed territory, said Saeed. “We will not let that happen.”
 
The JuD chief said he wanted to get all Pakistani political parties on one platform so they could have a common policy on Kashmir.
 
“We should work in a manner so that there is no confusion over what our stand is,” he said.
 
Saeed said his organisation would continue to “help their Kashmiri brethren on the other side of the border”. In his hour-long speech, he also vowed to extract revenge from India for the role he said New Delhi played in Pakistan’s split in 1971.
 
“No one can stop us in our just struggle,” he said. “They are conspiring against us and India wants us to abandon our nuclear programme”.
 
The JuD chief said the US and Indian governments were trying to silence him, and praised Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for raising the Kashmir issue in the United Nations without being cowed by the pro-India lobby in Islamabad.
"If India can send troops to Afghanistan to help the US, then Mujahideen have every right to go to Kashmir and help their brethren," he said.
 
The two-day JuD congregation, held with logistical support from the Pakistan government, concluded Friday.
The Nawaz Sharif government had run two special trains from Karachi and Hyderabad in view of the JuD event.
'Mainstreaming of terrorism'
India said Pakistan's support to UN-designated terrorist Saeed and his JuD was "nothing short of mainstreaming of terrorism."
 
"This was an event which took place in national monument in Pakistan. It was an event (for which) large number of police personnel were deployed.
 
"And it was an event by an organisation which is proscribed not only by India but the US, the UK, Australia and the UN... Also it was addressed by an individual who is designated as a terrorist by the UN Securitry Council," external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
(With PTI inputs)

iPhone 6 users complain phone s front camera misalignedApple iPhone 6 users complain phone's front camera misaligned
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Apple iPhone 6 users are complaining that the phone's front camera is misaligned.
One of the comments posted by an iPhone 6 user on reddit.com said there was a crescent visible on the right side of the hole of his iphone.
Some users have complained that their replaced iPhones too had similar problem.
Another iPhone 6 user posted his comments on MacRumours complaining that his one-month iPhone 6 had flakey wifi, random reboots, and a blotchy screen.
This is not the first time when Apple users have come up with such a complaint.
Earlier, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users complained that the new phones bent while being carried in trouser pockets.
According to the Guardian, a number of users across various forums, sites and Twitter have reported - and pictured - that their phones have become warped after they sat or bent down with them in front and rear trouser pockets.
The complaints came following claims by an insurance company that the latest iPhones- made using aluminum alloy- were the strongest.

XOLO launches 2  Omega  handsets at Rs 8 999XOLO launches two 'Omega' handsets priced Rs 8,999 onwards
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 09:27 IST
Photo: www.xolo.in
Smartphone maker XOLO has  announced the launch of two handsets under the Omega range, priced Rs 8,999 onwards.
The handsets - Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5 - will be powered by 1.4 GHz octacore processor, 1GB RAM and XOLO's proprietary HIVE platform.
Omega 5.5, priced at Rs 9,999, comes with 5.5-inch display, 13MP rear and 2MP front camera, 2,600 mAh battery and will be available from December 20.

Sushma draws flak over demand to make Gita national scriptureNew Delhi, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 20:40 IST
Sushma draws flak over demand to make Gita national scripture
National Bureau
Tweet
PTI
CPI's D. Raja said in Rajya Sabha, "There is a sinister design to alter secular fabric and secular character of the Constitution."
TOPICS
national politics
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj came in for sharp criticism in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday for suggesting that the
Bhagawad Gita be declared the national scripture. Demanding that the House disapprove the Minister’s statement, D. Raja (Communist Party of India) said her suggestion should not be seen in isolation as they were part of a “sinister design to subvert the secular fabric” of the country.
At the Gita Prerna Mahotsav organised in the Capital on Sunday to celebrate 5,151 years of the Bhagawad Gita, the Minister had said that it should be declared the national scripture; adding that it had been elevated to this status when Prime Minister Narendra Modi gifted it to U.S. President Barack Obama.
“The diversity of our country should not be taken as a weakness. It should be taken as strength of the country. India is a multi-religious country... You can’t impose one scripture as the book of national scripture. I do not see it as an isolated statement,” Mr. Raja noted, drawing attention of the House to demands from the Sangh Parivar for giving prominence to Sanskrit and claims that the BJP has “re-established Hindu raj’’ after 800 years.
Other members of the Opposition also wanted to raise the issue but the Chair refused to allow an impromptu discussion even as CPI (Marxist) leader Sitaram Yechury maintained, “if there is any holy book for the Republic of India, it is the Constitution of India”.

Rupee to fare better than Asian peers in 2015: HSBCIndian rupee to outperform Asian peers in 2015 amid reforms, says HSBC
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 16:28 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee, as the reform process is expected to gain further momentum, will continue to outperform its Asian peers that are likely to weaken further against the US dollar in 2015, says a report by HSBC.
According to HSBC, in 2015 all Asian currencies are expected to weaken against the US dollar, but the Indian rupee would be one of the more resilient currencies, provided the domestic policy framework does not disappoint.
"While many are in a better position than other emerging market currencies, we still see all Asian currencies weakening against the US dollar," the global financial services major said adding that the Renminbi (RMB), the Indian Rupee (INR), the Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) and the Philippine Peso (PHP) should hold up better.
On the other-hand, the Taiwan New Dollar (TWD), the Korean Won (KRW) and the Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) could underperform, HSBC said.
Supported by strong portfolio inflows and reform optimism, the rupee has outperformed the region, while improving macroeconomic data also helped.
This story should continue in 2015, the British financial services provider said in a research note.
The likely improvement in the current account deficit (CAD) and the real interest rate profile will sustain the Indian rupee's steady performance in 2015.
In addition, a decline in global commodity prices is also expected to help the domestic currency.
Challenges are mounting for Asian currencies. However, despite this, there are some early signs of positivity emerging for some currencies, especially those, where the reform agenda is gathering momentum such as the INR and the IDR, the report said.
According to HSBC, INR's long-term outlook has improved, largely driven by the recent measures aimed at attracting investment and controlling the twin current account and fiscal deficits .
The reform process is likely to gain further momentum going forward, especially after the BJP's win in the recent state assembly elections, the global brokerage firm said.
We await more government divestment plans, and an increase in FII limits in 2015. We also expect the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary and foreign exchange policy to manage the volatility in the local currency, HSBC added.
The rupee depreciated by another 5 paise to 61.88 against the US dollar in early trade on Tuesday.

Michele Langevine LeibyThe U.S. ambassador to Israel holds a replica model of Israel’s Iron Dome missile defense system.
Dec 16, 2014
The reasons why the militant group is still able to carry out its hideous terror attacks
Dec 16, 2014
A hideous attack takes place in the shadow of a larger national conversation
Dec 15, 2014
A new social media meme in Australia has united many in the country against bigotry and racism
Dec 15, 2014
60 percent of the world still has no access to the Internet
Dec 15, 2014
Turkey’s outspoken President Erdogan wants Turkish students to learn the Arabic script and old tongue of long-gone Ottoman rulers.
Dec 12, 2014
The jihadist organization supposedly published a pamphlet with 27 guidelines for how to treat your female slave.
Dec 12, 2014
The occupation sites may be cleared. But the struggle for Hong Kong democracy will go on
Dec 11, 2014
Pope Francis is a popular guy, according to a new Pew survey.
Dec 11, 2014
The Islamic State uses a drone to film footage of its violence
Dec 11, 2014
Load More
About
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
Most Read

Rare pictures of Sonia Gandhi with her late husband Rajiv Gandhiphoto archives
Rare pictures of Sonia Gandhi with her late husband Rajiv Gandhi on 68th birthday
Congress President Sonia Gandhi turns 68 today. Here a few rare pics showing the Congress president with her late husband Rajiv Gandhi, children Rahul and Priynaka. A look!
Sonia Gandhi with her late husband and former Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi and their children son Rahul Gandhi and daughter Priyanka Gandhi. (Source: Express archive photo)
Did you ever see this pic? - Rajiv Gandhi with his wife Sonia Gandhi, Sanjay Gandhi and Mrs. Indira Gandhi.  (Source: Express Archive Photo)
Special moment -- A photo from Sonia Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi's wedding album.  (Source: Express Archive Photo)
Late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and wife Sonia Gandhi paying homage to Indira Gandhi on her 76 birth anniversary in New Delhi. (Source: Express archive photo taken on 19.11.1987)
Sonia Gandhi with her mother-in-law late Indira Gandhi, husband Rajiv Gandhi.  (Source: Express Archive Photo)
Rare Photo - Sonia Gandhi, Rajiv and  sister-in-law Maneka Gandhi  at Shantivan. (Source: Express Archive Photo by R.K. Sharma)
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi shaking hands with former naval chief RH Tahiliani, while Sonia Gandhi looks on. (Source: Express Archive photo)
Sonia Gandhi with her late mother-in-law and former Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi  on being received by the then Prime Minister of Greece Andreas Papandreou at the Hellinikon Airport in Atherson on 22.09.1983. (Source:  Express Archive Photo)
Sonia Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and Rajesh Khanna. (Source: Express Archive Photo)
In this picture - late Rajiv Gandhi along with son Rahul Gandhi and wife Sonia Gandhi carrying the urn containing the ashes of former prime minister Indira Gandhi to Teen Murti House, New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo taken on Nov 5, 1984)
Sonia Gandhi with Mr.and Mrs. John Kenneth Galbraith at the lecture for the Rajiv Gandhi Institute for contemporary studies at Teen Murthi Auditorium. (Source: Express photo by R.K. Dayal taken on 18.11.92)
Escorted by Amitabh Bachchan, Sonia Gandhi briskly walks toward Teen Murti Bhavan enclosure from where Rajiv Gandhi's body was to be carried in a procession to Shakti Sathal (Source: Express Photo taken on 24.5.91)
Related

Richard Rahul Verma to be U.S. ambassador to IndiaUpdated: December 10, 2014 12:23 IST
Richard Rahul Verma to be U.S. ambassador to India
PTI
international relations
The United States senate on Tuesday confirmed by a voice vote the nomination of Richard Rahul Verma as the next US ambassador to India.
Mr. Verma (46) is the first Indian-American to be the U.S. ambassador to India and is expected to be sworn in shortly.
He will arrive in New Delhi ahead of the India visit of U.S. President Barack Obama who will be the chief guest on this year’s Republic Day.
The very fact that Mr. Verma was confirmed by a voice vote in a bitterly divided senate with more than fifty ambassadorial nominations pending, signify the bi-partisan support to India-US relationship.
Mr. Verma, who quietly played an important role in the Congressional passage of Civil Nuclear Deal while being at the Hill, had advocated for strong Indo-US ties when in the administration and recently had started a “India 2020” project at a top American-think tank — Center for American Progress.
Mr. Verma served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counsellor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
Mr. Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker.
The U.S. Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d’affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Mr. Verma’s association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then Illinois senator.
His parents came to the U.S. in the early 1960s having lived through India’s fight for independence from Britain and partition.

See opportunities in renewables  wind sector: PTC FinThe advantage of renewable over conventional energy is that renewables get quickly executed with the projects getting executed almost in one year
Pawan Singh
Director & CEO
PTC India Fin Svs
PTC India Financial Services  believes renewables, wind sector will provide opportunities going ahead. Director and CEO Pawan Singh told CNBC-TV18 that the company is now focusing majorly on conventional energy which is expected to drive growth.
About 70 percent of incremental sanctions of the company are in renewable energy. The current sanction pipeline of PTC India Financial Services stands at Rs 7,000 crore.
The company has also turned selective and is picking only those projects that have certain viability.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: What are the opportunities in the renewable energy space? How much could it help you in terms of growth in topline, margins?
A: Renewable is the buzz word today. In fact the present government is focusing quite a bit on the renewable sector, particularly, the solar one. They have scaled up the kind of capacity which has to be added and now we are talking about one lakh megawatt in next five year which is totally a game changer. This provides an opportunity of over seven lakh crore kind of lending opportunities.
On the wind side, government has restored, accelerated this depreciation benefit and also generation base incentive continues which should give further fillip to wind sector. More so, on the wind sector the preferential tariff regime continues to be there.
In between there was some uncertainty but that has settled now. So, these two sectors should provide us very good opportunity for growth in coming times.
The advantage of renewable over conventional energy is that renewables get quickly executed with the projects getting executed almost in one year.
Another advantage is they enjoy preferential tariff and don’t have to follow the merit order dispatch. So, they must run power generating units that ensure power supplies from these units and payments are also forth coming. So, lot of certainty vis-à-vis conventional energy and that is why we are now focusing.
Q: Will there be any viability questions like you currently have with coal-based and hydro-based plants?
A: The risk concerns are much less in terms of fuel, in terms of execution, in terms of the time lines and the sanction to disbursement ratio because of that is much better.
Q: About conventional energy issues, in passing you mentioned that there are problems there. We saw that financial bailout package being signed about two years. After the first round of tariff hikes we have not heard any; what is your sense about discom loans, is trouble brewing there?
A: The discom position is much better than what it was two years back. The filling of average revenue realised (ARRs) is also happening much better than what it used to happen.
Q: We didn’t hear any tariff hikes?
A: That is true, but now one thing is very clear with the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (APTEL) order that incase the discoms don’t file their tariff application within a year’s time, the tariffs have to be mandatory revised. So, wherever there would be a delay, the state regulators will be, over a period of time coming up with the tariff revisions.
Q: Nearly 36 percent of your loan book comes from the renewable energy sector. How much could that grow to in say the next one year? What is the quantum of sanctions that you have in the pipeline?
A: As of now we have roughly over Rs 7,000 crore of sanction in pipeline. Talking about growth, our incremental growth in renewable sector should be anything from 60-70 percent.
The emphasis of the government is to add huge capacities to both in solar and wind so it should not be very difficult for us to meet this target which we have kept for ourselves.
Q: Has the cost of money gone down for you since wholesale yields have fallen? Should we expect improved margins for the second half of FY15 and secondly non-performing loans (NPLs), are fresh creations of power sector NPLs slowing or are they at the same space as it was in the first half?
A: As far as the interest spread and margins are concerned we would be able to sustain at present levels. On the interest yields there is a slight pressure because through competitive based tariff biding the prices bid by solar producers are little, sometimes very aggressive.
However, we are quite selective and are selecting only those projects where the whole project has certain viability, where certain debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) is being maintained.
On the borrowing side, last two years were little tough for borrowers because on the hedge side, the hedge cost had gone up and the yields on G-Sec had also gone up considerably.
Now there is correction happening there and also the hedge cost is coming down. So, we have wide options available now which were not there for borrowing. We feel that our cost of borrowing should come down.
We have been able to do commercial paper which we have not done earlier and are able to do that at much more competitive rate.
PTC India Fin stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  12:44 hrs PTC India Financial Services was quoting at Rs 56.00, down Rs 1.75, or 3.03 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 61.65 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.51.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.33 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.93. The latest book value of the company is Rs 24.00 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.33.
RELATED NEWS

Hope Cabinet lowers price to Trai recommended level: EY08:00 am
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission has finalised the base price for spectrum to be auctioned in February with some riders. The Department of Telecom (DoT) committee had suggested a base price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz for the auction of 800 Mhz spectrum, used for offering CDMA services, which is 17 percent higher than what the regulator Trai has recommended.
The price of 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz as recommended by DoT committee could not be ascertained. The TC's decision will now be placed before telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad for final approval and after that Cabinet might be approached for certain issues, the source said.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February and the government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore from sale of radiowaves.
Also the entry of Reliance Jio is likely to put pressure on incumbents.
Prashant Singhal of EY fails to understand why the DoT committee has finalised reserve price higher than the one recommended by Trai. This move will only increase the pressure on telcos, he says. He hopes that the Cabinet will lower the reserve price to Trai recommendation when it goes to them for clearance.
However, he does not think the entry of Reliance Jio will necessarily be a bad thing. He believes the opportunities are immense in the sector. With smartphone penetration just in double digits, there’s still a long way to go. Singhal says with 3-4 players, there will be an explosion of data, rather than nit being a deterent. He adds that tariffs are bound to move northwards from here on the back of increased spectrum prices.
Rajan Mathews, director-general of the Cellular Operators Association Of India (COAI) too agrees with Singhal that Reliance Jio’s entry won’t adversely impact the existing players and that it is being overplayed.
Mathews is worried about the quantum of spectrum available as a demand-supply mismatch can push prices higher (artificial inflation). He further adds that the defence department has cleared 2100 MHz spectrum for commercial use. He is unsure what is holding it up as DoT too has given a go ahead. However, he believes that the 2100 MHz band might be put up for auction.
Naveen Kulkarni, co-head, research of Phillip Capital says the amount of spectrum available in the 900 MHz band is limited. He believes that Reliace Jio will be interested in the 800 MHz, which could be another concern for the market. He has a buy on  Bharti Airtel and Idea .
Below is the verbatim transcript of Rajan Mathews, Prashant Singhal and Naveen Kulkarni's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: How are you looking at the reserve price itself, any comments that the base price is 17 percent higher than what the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) recommended, is it an incremental negative?
Singhal: The reserve price is a price at which you need to start the bidding. I don’t understand why should that be higher than what TRAI had recommended or the cleared price of the February 2014 auctions or it should have been the reserve price of the February 2014 auctions and let the market based on the demand supply of the spectrum decide what the clearance price is. This is purely reserve price and by upping the reserve price it just puts more pressure on the operators.
One way to look at it is it gets only serious players to bid but the industry is now matured enough to only attract the serious players to bid; emotional bidding is virtually out from the industry. So, I would say that it is higher and I hope the government when it goes for the cabinet approval they try to bring it back to the TRAI recommended reserve price or the reserve price which was there in the February 2014 auctions.
Sonia: We don’t have any details on the important 900 MHz and 1800 MHz spectrum reserve price but there are reports indicating that the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) wanted a 15-25 percent hike in that reserve price. If that actually comes through then what could the implications be?
Mathews: Certainly the reserve price of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz are important to TRAI as it has given its initial recommendations, the issue becomes one of spectrum quantum. The reserve price will determine the vigour of the bidding and the number of players that will want to bid. However, our bigger concern at this particular point is the quantum of spectrum because if that is not available then we will have artificially high prices being bid for the existing 900 MHz and 1800 MHz that is being put up.
Latha: Have you any indication from the government that they are actively looking at speaking with defence or taking other steps to increase the quantum?
Mathews: As we understand right now the defence department has very earlier on cleared the 2100 spectrum for commercial use. There had been tests that were done by the National Security Council to provide that spectrum in case the defence needed it. Also, what has happened is that the DoT had cleared it when Chandrashekhar was the DoT secretary. So, we don’t understand what is holding it up at this point?
Sonia: Any update on whether the 2100 MHz will be auctioned or not?
Mathews: Latest understanding is that both defence and the DoT have agreed that the spectrum in the 2100 band which is presently lying unutilised and unused will be put up. So, we are waiting to get official conformation of that.
Latha: Over the past couple of weeks Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular are both down about 12-15 percent, what is bugging them? Is it that this auction could be fierce, the one that comes up in February or is it greater competition when Reliance Jio enters?
Kulkarni: There are a couple of factors which are impacting telecom stock prices. Auction is a big concern; last year also we saw that before the auctions there was quite a bit of correction for both Bharti as well as Idea. Post Q2 results Bharti had rallied quite a bit and prior to auctions there was significant correction and when Jio put in less money for 1800 MHz spectrum then there was further correction.
So, this time also there is uncertainty with regards to what could be the final outcome of the auction. The amount of spectrum which as of now seems to be pretty limited especially in the 900 MHz, so, pan India if you see most of the circles have just around two blocks of contiguous spectrum available which is not sufficient considering the demand will significantly exceed the supply; demand could be for four blocks across India. So, the auction prices are likely to move up much faster than what people were anticipating.
Secondly, also important will be how much 800 MHz comes up for auction. So, that could be one band which Jio might be very keenly interested. So, if Jio is able to secure 800 MHz then they have very good spectrum in place to launch a good voice product. So, that could also be another concern for the market. So, these are the two primary concerns which I see as of now.
Sonia: The entry of Rel Jio has clearly shaken up the incumbents so how aggressive do you think the landscape could become with Rel Jio in the fray now, in the sense how much could tariffs and margins come under pressure over the next couple of years?
Singhal: I would say that today we are virtually the lowest when it comes to realisation per minute, when it comes to realisation per MB. If you look at the data revenues for the industry as a whole we are just about 14-15 percent.
The smartphone penetration in India is just about mid-double digits, in teens. The opportunity in this market is immense and the tariffs would move northwards even with the entry of Reliance Jio because there are no business cases anymore to support such tariffs with the high input costs which are going to come as a result of increased spectrum prices. I think the entire content and data which is just about taking off that is what is going to drive the market growth. With three or four players including Reliance Jio participating in it, it will fuel the explosion of data rather than be deterrent for the operators and we will see much greater innovation which would happen.
So, if I were to just compare India with a market like Turkey which is very small as compared to India, the data revenues over there are almost 35-36 percent of the overall revenues. There are Machine to Machine (M2M) applications which are immense; there are operators who have gone an innovated on applications, so, we will see a lot of innovation in the market which will drive the growth and hence the overall pie for the market will go up with Jio coming in.
Latha: Will Rel Jio be a disruptive factor or would you think that there would be initial teething problems and therefore the disruption if any is postponed to 2016 or would you go even with what Prashant is saying?
Mathews: I think the fact that the members are spooked or that the market is going to get roiled by  Reliance Industries ' (RIL) entry is a bit overplayed. I think they will be a vibrant competitor, I think the industry is ready for that and they will be disciplined competitor because the stakes are high, the prices that we paid for spectrum are high, the investments that we had to make in our infrastructure and networks are high. So, we will expect to see very vibrant competition.
I believe in the end it will be good for the consumer. I think the consumer can expect to continue to receive good value for their money especially as we enter into the data phase of our offerings.
Sonia: In terms of stock prices what is your recommendation on Bharti and on Idea?
Kulkarni: We have a buy recommendation on both Bharti as well as Idea. Our target price for Bharti is Rs 515 which is a significant upside from current levels.
Idea, we have a target price of Rs 200 which is more than 30 percent upside from current levels.
Idea Cellular stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  12:44 hrs Idea Cellular was quoting at Rs 142.90, down Rs 0.3, or 0.21 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 177.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 125.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.13 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.31. The latest book value of the company is Rs 44.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.24.
RELATED NEWS

Satyarthis Nobel should put focus on rehabilitation of sex workerschildrenWritten by Divya A | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:42 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 1:48 pm
 
In the 2004 American film Born into Brothels, director Zana Briski depicted life in Kolkata’s red-light district through the eyes of the children of sex workers. In the documentary, Briski also recorded her efforts to place these children in boarding schools. While most of them did not end up staying there for very long, there were others who continued their education and ended up with good grades.
Be it Kolkata or Delhi, “mainstreaming” the children of sex workers has never been easy or smooth. There have been many efforts – by NGOs, respective state and central governments, and even private individuals. But a clear solution has not been found yet. Should they be kept away from their mothers and put up in residential schools? Or should they continue to live with their mothers and attend day schools? Should there be special schools for them? Or should they be integrated in “normal” schools?
It’s a huge group and we, as a society, can ignore them at our own peril. In 2007, the Ministry of Women and Child Development reported the presence of over 30 lakh female sex workers in India, with 35.47 percent of them entering the trade before the age of 18 years. As per a survey report by Bhartiya Patita Uddhar Sabha (BPUS) – a Delhi-based NGO working with sex workers for more than two decades – conducted between 1990 and 1995, there were 23.88 lakh sex workers in India, operating in 14 regions (Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Rajasthan, Gujarat, West Bengal, Assam, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Orissa, Goa and Tamil Nadu), and the number of their children amounted to a whopping 51.49 lakh.
In Delhi, on the infamous red-light district of GB Road, the head count of sex workers’ children in 1990-95 was found by BPUS to be 4,500. Unfortunately, there have been no formal surveys by government agencies to assess the number of children of sex workers. That alone should point to the level of ignorance and neglect the section has faced, over the years. But the Nobel Peace Prize announcement for Kailash Satyarthi of Bachpan Bachao Andolan may actually shift put attention to the plight of this group… even though in India, we have few leads on how to go about it.
A cross-sectional study conducted in 2007 in the brothels of Mumbai, called “Child Rearing Practices Amongst Brothel-based Commercial Sex Workers” by Pravin Yerpude and Keerti Jogdand, demonstrated that admission in residential schools, along with special rehabilitation centres, help these children integrate with the mainstream society. The role of NGOs and local peers was found to be very important.
A couple of recent examples have also proved that this methodology is largely effective. Sheetal Jain, a 19-year-old girl from Kamathipura in Mumbai, told The Indian Expess that she used to watch the continued…

RBI Deputy Guv hints at rate cut if inflatio...RBI Deputy Governor SS Mundra says room to cut rates if inflation eases
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 12.25PM IST
Tags:
Inflation
(The comments come ahead…)
KOLKATA: Reserve Bank of India's Deputy Governor SS Mundra said on Wednesday the central bank would have room to cut interest rates should factors leading to lower inflation continue.
The comments come ahead of consumer inflation data due on Friday. The RBI held interest rates steady earlier this month, but said it could ease monetary policy early next year.
Mundra also said the central bank would grant licences to so-called payment banks by March or April after releasing the final guidelines for applications last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to rationalise coal linkages of 40 powe...Government may soon rationalise coal linkages of 40 power projects
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 12.25PM IST
Tags:
Adani Power
(The proposal includes swapping…)
NEW DELHI: The government could soon finalise the proposal for coal linkage rationalisation and swapping arrangements of about 40 thermal power projects, a move that is expected to save up to Rs 6,000 crore in logistics cost.
The proposal includes swapping agreements for power projects of companies including Adani Power , Indiabulls Power and NTPC, among others.
The Inter Ministerial Task Force (IMTF), which was formed to undertake a comprehensive review of existing coal sources and consider feasibility for rationalisation of linkages, has approved coal linkage rationalisation for 18-20 thermal power plants, according to sources.
IMTF comprises officials from the Ministries of Power, Coal, Railways and the Central Electricity Authority.
Sources said, consultancy firm KPMG has listed out 20 proposals for the coal swapping arrangements.
KPMG, in its report to the Ministry of Power, has stated that 20 proposals for the swapping arrangements are feasible.
The swapping arrangement between NTPC for its thermal power plant in Chhattisgarh with Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited (GSECL) are estimated to save about Rs 720 crore per year on the logistics front.
The report said, the western Maharashtra's plants which are closer to the ports can swap domestic linkages with imports of hinterland plants in eastern Maharashtra. It estimated possible logistic saving of Rs 303 crore annually.
KPMG also gave a list of possible swaps including Indiabulls plant and Sterlite Energy's project in the region.
Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (RRVUNL), which is nearly equidistant from both port and the Northern Coalfields Ltd (NCL) mines, can swap domestic linkages with imports of hinterland plants of NTPC.
Similarly, thermal power projects in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab can benefit from the swapping pacts saving close to Rs 456 crore.
KPMG also suggested that the generating stations of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) are closer to the coast and even domestic coal is taken by the sea route to these stations. These plants can increase the coal import quantities through port arrangements.
It added, NTPC can switch its coal imports with domestic linkages providing coal to TANGECO.
Sources said, approximately between Rs 4,500 crore to Rs 6,000 crore logistics cost can be saved through these proposals of coal linkage rationalization and swapping arrangements.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Afghanistan s Bruce Lee  reincarnation  becomes Web hitMeet Afghanistan's Bruce Lee who has taken the internet by storm
Reuters
print
From the ruins of a bombed-out palace above Kabul, a young Afghan man bearing a striking resemblance to kung fu legend Bruce Lee is high-kicking his way to internet fame, aiming to show another side to his war-weary nation.
Videos and photos of Abbas Alizada, 20, posted on the Facebook page "Bruce Hazara" show him performing back flips and striking Lee's famous poses. They blazed through Afghanistan's small Internet community this week, part of a publicity burst he hopes will catapult him to broader fame.
"I want to be a champion in my country and a Hollywood star," Alizada said at Kabul's desolate Darulaman palace, where he trains twice a week, swirling nunchakus and sporting a Lee-like bowl haircut.
From the ruins of an iconic bombed-out palace above Kabul, the young Afghan man bearing a striking resemblance to kung fu legend Bruce Lee is high-kicking his way to internet fame, aiming to show another side to his war-weary nation. (Reuters)
At a workout at the palace, adorned with photos of thousands of civilian war victims as part of a protest exhibition, Alizada showed off his wiry physique, doing push-ups on his fingertips and sparring with a partner. Two assistants dabbed his brow and fixed his hair for the cameras.
Alizada is from a poor family of 10 children. His parents could not afford the fees at an academy of Wushu, a Chinese mixed martial art, but the trainer took him under his wing. Darulaman palace, built in the 1920s by King Amanullah Khan, was damaged by decades of fighting for control of the capital.
It is now a ruin pocked by artillery craters and bullet holes, overlooking an as-yet-unfinished national parliament building. "The destruction here makes me sad, but it also inspires me," said Alizada, who refused to be filmed in one room where the walls were daubed with graffiti reading "death to Americans".
He rejects the name Bruce Hazara given to him by friends in recognition of his ethnic heritage, saying he prefers to be known as the Afghan Bruce Lee in a country riven by tribal divides.
Questions of national unity are poignant in Afghanistan, where Taliban insurgents are flexing their muscles with near-daily attacks. This year has been the bloodiest of the war, as foreign troops drastically reduce their presence.
Alizada's recent success on the internet and at a martial arts tournament in Kabul reflects some of the changes in the country since the US-led intervention toppled the Taliban after the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Helped by the spread of TV and the internet, Afghanistan has witnessed a rapid rise in interest in sports under the government that succeeded the hardline Islamists, who had banned television and many sports and martial arts.
"The only news that comes from Afghanistan is about war ... I am happy that my story is a positive one," Alizada said.

Delhi to Spain  Uber in trouble over rider safety worldwideDelhi to Spain, Uber in trouble over rider safety worldwide
IANS  Washington, December 10, 2014
First Published: 11:23 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:08 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
US-based online ride-sharing service Uber, in the eye of a storm over the rape of a passenger in New Delhi by one of its commissioned drivers, ran into more trouble worldwide besides its home turf.
Prosecutors in Los Angeles and in San Francisco said Tuesday they were filing a suit against the San Francisco based service, alleging false and misleading statements to consumers, according to USA Today. At the same time, the prosecutors said they had reached a settlement with Uber's rival service, Lyft, in a consumer protection action. Lyft agreed to pay $500,000 in civil penalties.
San Francisco District Attorney George Gascón and Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey jointly announced the actions in San Francisco. "Uber continues to put consumers at risk by misleading the public about the background checks of its drivers and its unwillingness to ensure that correct fares are charged," Lacey was quoted as saying.
Portland, Oregon's largest city Monday filed a lawsuit Monday to shut down Uber there just days after the launch of its low-cost UberX service in defiance of city officials. The lawsuit, filed in the Oregon Circuit Court, claims Uber is operating in violation of Portland city regulations and asks the court to order Uber stop operations, CNet reported.
Ride-sharing apps have been hit with cease-and-desist orders in Pennsylvania and Virginia, and resistance to Uber and Lyft has also heated up in New York, San Francisco, Chicago, Washington, DC, Denver, Miami and Los Angeles, it said.
Meanwhile, according to the New York Times, Spain and Thailand Tuesday ordered the ride-sharing service to cease operations.
In Madrid, a commercial court judge sided with a taxi association complaint, while in Bangkok, Thai transport authorities ordered Uber to shut down after finding that its drivers lacked the registration and insurance needed to operate commercial vehicles.
Also on Monday, a Dutch appeals court upheld that Uber drivers who transport passengers without a taxi license are violating Dutch law, the Times said.
The court said the company would be subject to immediate fines if it continued to operate its UberPop service, which enables any licensed driver with a car and Uber-issued device to pick up passengers.
Earlier in September, a Frankfurt court barred UberPop from operating in Germany, the largest market in Europe, until a case could be heard on its compliance with competition rules, Times said.
On Friday, a court in Paris is expected to decide whether to shut down the service in France, it said.

Clean energy fund already has $ 3 bn to promote clean technologies:JavadekarEnvironment Minister Prakash Javadekar in a meeting with a US delegation during the UN Conference on Climate Change in Lima, Peru on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | Express At Lima |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:58 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:57 am
 
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar made two statements at the Lima climate conference on Tuesday. He spoke at the high-level ministerial segment where reiterated India’s negotiating position and informed the assembly about the initiatives India had taken to combat climate change. Later, in the day he made an intervention at the ministerial dialogue on climate finance.
Here is what he said: On India’s climate initiatives:
· Doubled clean energy cess. The clean energy fund already has $ 3 billion which is to be used for promoting clean technologies.
· Target for solar mission enhanced five times, from 20 GW to 100 GW generation. This will require $100 billion investment and save about 165 million tonnes of CO2 emissions per year.
· About $ 6 billion locked in Compensatory Afforestation Fund to be released soon for creating more forests which act as carbon sinks.
· Allocated $200 million for National Adaptation Fund, ultra-mega solar projects, ultra-modern super critical coal power plants, and development of solar parks on canals.
· $ 1.2 billion for building 100 smart cities with integrated policies on adaptation and mitigation.
· Enhanced pollution norms for cement industry.
· Ganga cleaning project will result in pollution reduction and climate adaptation.
· Efforts being made to protect coastal, Himalayan and forest areas.
· Preparing National Air Quality Index. Launched National Air Quality Scheme.
On US, EU argument that world had changed since 1992
· 1 in 7 person still in abject poverty. This is more than twice the population of Europe. All of them in developing countries.
On the climate agreement being negotiated
· Should be comprehensive, balanced, equitable and pragmatic.
· Must adhere to the principles and provisions of Convention (UNFCCC).
· Equity and Common But Differentiated Responsibility should be the basis.
On pre-2020 mitigation targets for developed countries
· They must scale up their mitigation ambition now. Ambition in the post-2020 period directly linked to ambitious actions in the pre-2020 period by developed countries.
On INDCs
· Must be ‘nationally-determined’ and no scope for ex-ante review to see whether they are enough.
· Must include all elements, including mitigation, adaptation, finance, technology and capacity building, not just mitigation.
· Adaptation central and critical priority for developing countries. Urgent need for adaptation must fully reflect in the new agreement.
On about $10 billion collected in Green Climate Fund
· Welcome contributions but requirement much larger.
· Developing countries need money in the range of $ 600 to 1500 billion per year for mitigation and adaptation needs.
On Climate Finance
· India scaling up actions for clean air, water, rivers, energy and habitations. Investors from developed countries can gain from these opportunities.
· Developed countries need to think innovatively in their effort to raise $100 billion per year in climate finance.
 

Sensex in green on China show; top 20 bets; Gitanjali Gems surges 8%You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex, Nifty in green; top 20 intraday calls
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 03.40PM IST
Tags:
(Sensex bounced back in intraday…)
NEW DELHI: The Sensex bounced back after losing as much as 87 points earlier in the day.
The surge came after China's stock market saw a sharp rebound, gaining over 2% in intraday deals.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also bounced back from its intraday low and was trading near its crucial psychological level of 8350.
At 2:31 pm, the Sensex was at 27,837.89; up 40.88 points.
The Nifty was at 8,359.10; up 18.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3260 and a stop loss of Rs 3360
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2616
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 414.50
Jindal Steel & Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 144.90
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2505 and a stop loss of Rs 2601
Bharti Airtel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Voltas Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 257 and a stop loss of Rs 269
SKS Microfinance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1400 and a stop loss of Rs 1432
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2540 and a stop loss of Rs 2630
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

SKS Micro surges 8%; UBS initiates with  buyUBS initiates coverage on SKS Microfinance, sees over 40% upside in 12 months
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
LIC
(UBS initiated coverage…)
NEW DELHI: UBS initiated coverage on SKS Microfinance with a 'buy' rating on Tuesday with a target price of Rs 500, which translates into an upside of 43 per cent from Tuesday's closing price of Rs 348.95.
The stock surged nearly 11% in intraday trade today.
Due to its strong growth potential and high ROE, SKS Microfinance is one of our preferred NBFC picks among others which are LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance.
"We base our price target on the residual income method; it implies 3.7x FY17E P/BV and 17x FY17E PE. Our key assumptions in the model are a discount rate of 13.5 per cent, beta of 1.1 and an equity risk premium of 5 per cent," UBS said in a report.
After consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of over 40 per cent in FY14 and H1 FY15.
The global investment bank expects low microfinance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC MFIs to support a loan CAGR of over 25 per cent for the sector over the medium term.
SKS Microfinance (SKSM) is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book, and has a diversified loan book and national presence. UBS expect a 32 per cent CAGR in assets under management (AUM) over FY15-17.
SKS Microfinance provides an attractive opportunity to invest in India's microfinance industry, which is highly under-penetrated. Estimates points to the fact that, SKS is likely to grow at a much higher rate than other India financials in the medium term.
The shares have significantly outperformed benchmark indices, with a return of 89 per cent YTD (compared to 62% for the BSE Bankex and 33% for the CNX Nifty) and are now trading at 2.6x FY17E P/BV and 12.1x FY17E PE.
UBS expect the robust earnings outlook (66% earnings CAGR over FY15-17E) and strong ROE to continue to support the premium valuation in the medium term, and see re-rating potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Insurance stocks surge upto 9% as panel tables Bill in RS; Max India is top gainerSelect panel tables report on Insurance Bill; stocks surge
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.21PM IST
Tags:
Abizer Diwanji
(Shares of companies related…)
MUMBAI: Shares of companies related to insurance business surged higher in trade after the Select Committee submitted report on Insurance Bill in Rajya Sabha.
The Bill proposes to raise the overseas investment limit in the sector to 49 per cent from 26 per cent. The Cap is inclusive of FDI and foreign portfolio investment, say reports.
Max India Ltd surged as much as 9.03 per cent in intraday trade after the Committee tabled the report.
There are high chances of the Bill being passed after the opposition Congress party is likely to support it.
Sanjiv Bajaj, MD, Bajaj Finserv in an interview to ET Now said the Insurance Bill provisions allow smoother working of industry. Composite foreign capital hiked to 49 per cent is a positive for the sector allow more flexibility to insurers.
It will be a positive for the insurance space over the long term. Foreign partner in insurance companies may hike stake depending on final norms, he added.
Insurance players with lower level of maturity may do well with FDI, says Abizer Diwanji , Partner, EY-India.
In an interview to ET Now he said few players may be keen to come in insurance industry. He sees some level of consolidation in Insurance industry going forward.
At 11:45 a.m.; Max India was at Rs 411.45, up 5.89 per cent on the BSE. It surged 9.03 per cent to hit intraday high of Rs 423.65.
Exide Industries was at Rs 176, up 2.53 per cent on the BSE. It gained 3.02 per cent to hit intraday high of Rs 176.85.
Reliance Capital was at day's high at Rs 533, up 3.37 per cent on the BSE.
Bajaj Finserv was at Rs 1321.70, down 2.09 per cent on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

APL Apollo Tubes- Volume led growth to sustain: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
APL Apollo Tubes- Volume led growth to sustain: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com has come out with its report on APL Apollo Tubes (APL). "Volume led growth to sustain", says the report.
Post your opinion here
ICICIdirect.com's report on  APL Apollo Tubes (APL)
"Apollo Tubes (APL), formerly known as Bihar Tubes, is one of the leading ERW steel tubes manufacturers in India. The product range of the company comprises four major types of pipes/tubes, viz. MS black, galvanised tubes, pre galvanised tubes and hollow sections. MS black contributes ~25% of total sales and has an operating margin of ~5%. Hollow sections contribute ~35% of total sales with 8% operating margin, galvanised tubes contribute ~16% of total sales with ~8% operating margin while pre-galvanised tubes comprise 24% of total sales with operating margin of ~14%. The company has been a pioneer in pre-galvanised sheets and pipes in India. The company currently has five plants in India with aggregate capacity of over 8 lakh tonnes per annum (LTPA). Two of the five plants are in Sikandrabad (UP) with capacity of 1.8 LTPA and 70,000 TPA. Others are in Hosur (Tamil Nadu) with capacity of 3 LTPA, Bengaluru with capacity of 80,000 TPA and Maharashtra with capacity of 1.7 LTPA."
"During FY10-14, APL Apollo’s revenues have grown at a CAGR of 42.8% while volume has registered growth of 36.2%. Going forward, we expect the growth momentum to continue as the company is expanding its capacity to 1 million tones per annum (MTPA) from 0.8 MTPA currently. Total debt on the books as on March 31, 2014 stands at Rs 479.9 crore out of which long term debt is to the tune of Rs 139.6 crore while working capital loan is to the tune of Rs 340.3 crore. At the current market price, the stock is trading at 14.6x FY14 P/E and 8.1x FY14 EV/EBITDA", says ICICIdirect.com research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

India Cements- Lack of positive triggers; retain sell:EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Cements- Lack of positive triggers; retain sell:Emkay
Brokerage house Emkay Global Financial Services is bearish on India Cements and has recommended sell rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 90 in its research report.
Post your opinion here
Emkay's research report on India Cements
EBITDA at Rs1.79 bn (+40% yoy) came below estimate led by higher energy & freight cost. Cement EBIDTA was at Rs 1.62 bn (+52% yoy) against our estimate of Rs 1.72 bn
Amidst weak demand, volumes decline ~4% yoy. But rise in realisation (+13% yoy) led to EBITDA/t of Rs688 (+58% yoy). Sequentially, realisation was up 9%
Energy cost at Rs 1260/t (+6% qoq) was higher than estimate despite decline in fuel prices. We revise FY15e/16e EBIDTA downwards by 9.6%/8.3% considering high freight and energy costs
Maintain Sell due to lack of positive triggers and delay in monetization plans of existing assets, critical for balance sheet de-leverage. Further dilution could not be negated as the Board has approved raising of Rs5bn
There has been sharp increase in Inventory and Debtors’ days compared to FY14-end leading to pressure on working capital requirements. The management indicated that there has been an increase of Rs1 bn in working capital between Jun ’14 and Sept ’14. We believe that the Working capital has increased by over Rs3.1 bn between Mar ‘14 and Sept ’14 which has led to sharp increase in interest costs. Higher working capital would continue to impact the interest costs. Though we are factoring in a recovery in margins going ahead (EBIDTA/t expected at Rs 900 in FY17 from Rs450 in FY14) with EBITDA CAGR of 24% over FY14-17e, ICEM valuation at 6.8/5.8x FY16e/FY17e EV/EBIDTA remain expensive considering deterioration in balance sheet and possibilities of further dilution (the Board has approved the proposal for raising a maximum amount of Rs5bn by way of issue of QIP/FCCB/GDR/other Securities). We maintain SELL with target price of Rs 90", says Emkay Global Financial Services research.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Fitch expects increased offshore issuances by Indian corpLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fitch expects increased offshore issuances by Indian corp
Indian corporates are expected to increasingly access the offshore debt capital markets for their funding requirements. The growth is likely to be driven by the need to refinance debt and fund capex once the investment cycle restarts, says Fitch Ratings.
Post your opinion here
 
Fitch Ratings says it expects Indian corporates to increasingly access the offshore debt capital markets for their funding requirements. The growth is likely to be driven by the need to refinance debt and fund capex once the investment cycle restarts. The agency also expects the number of new issuers to rise with many corporates looking to diversify their funding sources
Fitch estimates offshore bond issuances by non-financial Indian corporates to have crossed USD13bn so far in 2014, compared with around USD9bn during the whole of 2013. Issuances by non-investment grade (rated lower than 'BBB-') corporates have increased significantly to over USD5bn in 2014 from USD3bn in 2013. The number of such corporates issuing bonds has also increased to over ten compared with four in 2013. During 2014, the majority of the bond issuances by the non-investment grade corporates have been for refinancing with only a few being used to fund expansion or overseas acquisitions.
The offshore capital markets are increasingly attractive to Indian corporates partly because of better pricing for their bonds. The offshore markets now present a relatively more cost-effective funding source compared with onshore funding for Indian corporates that have material cash inflows denominated in foreign currency. Pricing of offshore bonds has also been aided by a reduction of withholding tax on interest payments of offshore bonds to 5% from July 2014 compared with 20% previously. Investor demand for Indian bonds has also been strong due to expectations of improvement in Indian economic growth, improved political stability and strong liquidity in global capital markets.
A recent circular by the Reserve Bank of India may limit issuances by Indian corporates rated at the lower end of 'BB' category or lower, which typically pay higher interest rates. The circular limits the raising of debt by Indian corporates, either directly or indirectly, in the offshore markets at rates above the interest cap set out in the Foreign Exchange Management Act. The circular also imposes restrictions on Indian entities providing guarantees to their overseas subsidiaries or holding companies for raising offshore debt.
Fitch expects the number of new issuers tapping the offshore bond market to grow despite the above restrictions. The agency believes that with growing appetite for Indian bonds, sectors that traditionally have not accessed these markets may start to do so in 2015. Companies in the Indian real estate sector issued bonds for the first time in 2014.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Govt plans 100% FDI in medical devicesSave this video
Copy URL
Looking to boost its 'Make in India' initiative, Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led NDA government is planning to allow Foreign Direct investment (FDI) in the medical devices.
15

She Can Wear What She Wants Because She Lives in a Free Country Called India"Girls should not wear provocative clothes."
"Tight clothes and jeans cause rape."
"Good Indian girls cover up."
"She was a bit of a loose character anyway."
"Cellphones in the hands of women is what is causing trouble."
If you live in India, chances are you have heard the above lines. Despite all the increased attention and deliberations on crimes against women, this "it-was-kind-of-her-fault" narrative refuses to die down. It is not just limited to ordinary citizens. We have had people in power make similar statements. Many religious organization heads believe the same, as do large sections of the police force. Sure, feminists scream and, with media outrage, shut down such people. However, deep down, the beliefs remain.
In fact, it's not just men; a lot of Indian women believe the same too. Many Indian women also think and sometimes say, "Why does she have to wear skimpy clothes?" or "Why did she have to go watch a movie late at night?"
"It is much easier to assume that the victim somehow is different from the women around me."
The important question is: Why do such attitudes prevail? Why do so many of our citizens believe women not behaving in a certain way are asking for trouble or are not "good girls"? What is the core fundamental issue here? More importantly, how do we convince them to think otherwise -- that what a woman chooses to wear is her choice and that it's important for society to protect that choice.
For the extreme feminist outrage isn't working. Until we engage with all sides, no matter how regressive their attitude, we will never make a breakthrough in attitudes towards women.
So why do many Indians think this way in the first place? Two main reasons: the first is it acts as a coping mechanism. Rape is a devastating occurrence. It is unnerving to believe that all women are at risk. It is much easier to assume that the victim somehow is different from the women around me. It is somewhat comforting to believe that if my daughter or sister dresses a certain way or behaves in a certain manner, they will not be susceptible. It gives a scared person a sense of control, a fake reassurance.
"It is much easier to scream at your daughter for wearing a tight pair of jeans."
However, the reality is that how a women dresses has little correlation with rape. What matters often are men's attitudes towards women, the kind of law enforcement system in place and a certain understanding of sexuality in society at-large. Of course, the regressive mindset finds dealing with all this far too complex and out of its control. It is much easier to scream at your daughter for wearing a tight pair of jeans.
The second reason why women are asked to cover up is to deny them their sexual power.
Various kinds of power exist in society. We all know about political and economic power. Another example is power of the pen, which I use here, to make my points across to you. There is a primitive form of power called muscle power, where one can physically harm the other person. Males have been granted more muscle power than women on average. Women, on the other hand, have been granted a certain sexual power. Through that sexual power, a woman can come across as attractive to a man, who will then need her consent to take things forward. This sexual power counterbalances the extra muscle power given to males.
"A woman has a certain sexual power, and she has the right to use it if she chooses to."
However, most male-dominated societies have denied and judged women who try to use this power. When we ask women to cover up, we deny them their choice in expressing their power. Therein lies the inequality. We never say men should have their hands tied up when they go on the streets, to check their muscle power, so that they cannot molest a woman. However, we have no qualms in saying a woman better cover up if she doesn't want to be molested. Therein lies an inherent biased attitude against women. It is denying women their free will, with no equivalent penalty for men. What's worse, in the case of an untoward incident, it lets the offender off the hook and questions the victim instead.
That is why this attitude must change. A woman has the right to aim to look attractive walking down the street. And a man, no matter how immensely and inexplicably attracted to her he is, has to seek her consent before he can infringe on her personal space. Hence, a woman has a certain sexual power, and she has the right to use it if she chooses to.
The regressive side will then often ask the automatic question, "Like all powers, can't the woman abuse that power? Can't she entice, hook, tease or give mixed signals to a man if we give her that free will?" The answer is yes. Yes, she can abuse that power to a certain extent, though that tends to be the exception. And if that happens, you cannot act without consent and say she was asking for it. Lack of consent is unjustifiable in any circumstance, period.
We have to make all our men and women understand these concepts. Outrage won't help. Sensitivity to women's issues will come from educating our broad population about power, individual rights and free will. Meanwhile, she can and she will wear whatever she wants. Not because she is modern or inspired by the West or has corrupted her values. It is simply because she is a free citizen living in a free country called India. And don't you dare try to deny her that.
Close

Green Light Given To Build World s Biggest Telescopereddit
Four centuries have passed since the invention of the telescope , and in that time telescopes have gotten bigger and bigger--the better to peer into deep space.
Now the green light has been given for construction to begin on what is projected to be the world's biggest telescope, the European Extremely Large Telescope (E-ELT).
The announcement was made Dec. 4 by the European Southern Observatory, the multinational organization that's behind the project. Construction of the telescope is expected to cost 1.083 billion euros, or $1.34 billion (at 2012 prices), with operations to begin in 2024, Space.com reported.
An optical and infrared telescope, the E-ELT will feature a gargantuan 39-meter aperture that will make the scope the "biggest eye on the sky" and give it unparalleled capabilities, according to the ESO. It is to be built atop Cerro Armazones , a 3,000-meter (10,000-foot) mountain in Chile's Atacama Desert. The desert is one of the driest regions on Earth and is considered one of the best places from which to observe the sky.
The E-ELT will gather 15 times more light than the biggest optical telescopes now in operation and produce images 15 times sharper than those produced by the Hubble Space Telescope, according to the ESO. But what exactly will it mean for astronomy and our understanding of the cosmos?
"All of astronomy will be advanced," Dr. Jay M. Pasachoff, professor of astronomy at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and co-author of "The Cosmos: Astronomy in the New Millennium," told The Huffington Post in an email.
Specifically, he said:
"Everything will be 10 times quicker to study, and the giant diameter coupled with the new adaptive optics that takes out the effects of our atmospheres' twinkling will allow a concentration of starlight that will speed up observations still more and provide more detailed images of distant galaxies. All the most exciting topics in astronomy will be advanced. They include the study of atmospheres of exoplanets--planets around other stars--to look for molecular imbalances that could indicate the presence of life--and the sources of violent explosions around supermassive and other black holes that we detect already in other parts of the spectrum. We will be able to pinpoint disks of gas and dust around distant stars that represent solar systems in formation, and see exoplanets directly."
Pretty impressive. And the E-ELT isn't the only titanic telescope on the way.
According to Space.com, the Giant Magellan Telescope (GMT) is to be constructed atop Las Campanas, another Chilean peak, with operations starting in 2021. And the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) will begin operations from Hawaii's Mauna Kea starting in 2022.
But Pasachoff worries there could be a downside to the big telescope bonanza--the possibility that funding for the operation of existing telescopes could come under pressure.
"There is still lots to do with the current generations of telescopes, and they remain important for the training of the next generation of astronomers," he said in the email. "We must be careful not to put all our eggs in the three baskets of E-ELT, TMT, and GMT, as spectacular as they will be."
Also on HuffPost:

This app mixes text with rap lyricsThis app mixes text with rap lyrics
IANS     New York   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 09:08 IST
Software developers in the US have come up with an app that turns messages into witty rap lyrics.
RapKey, a new app developed by Ativ Patel and Jonah Kaner, students of Massachusetts-based Babson College, promises to add a punch to tired texts, bostinno.com reports.
This app lets users scroll through pre-loaded lyrics, select one and auto-populate it into the text box. The lyrics are organised based on category.
For instance, in reply to a simple question like "where are you", the app offers answers like: "I'm drunk and high at the same time, drinking champagne on the airplane", or "I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death".
The app works on text messages in WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, e-mail and any programme that has a keyboard.
If the options are not good enough for the users' tastes, they can submit new lyrics that they want to see in the collection to the RapKey database.
"Rap was just a start but we would love to expand to other genres of music as well as other forms of content," Kaner was quoted as saying.

Savvy investors bet on gilt funds outperforming stocksSavvy investors bet on gilt funds outperforming stocks
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 09.09AM IST
Tags:
Crude Oil Prices
(“There is a chance that…)
MUMBAI: Gilt funds investing in government securities with longer duration are increasingly gaining popularity among savvy investors, who are betting on this fixed income category to outperform stocks over the next six months if the Reserve Bank of India starts cutting rates early next year. With the stock market's valuations considered to be rich after Sensex returned almost 34 per cent this year, these investors believe there is better scope for money to be made from these funds.
Gilt funds invest in government securities and fetch maximum returns on capital appreciation from a rally in bond prices. When interest rates or bond yields fall, bond prices rise; bond yields or rates and prices move in opposite direction.
With the current 10-year benchmark trading at a yield of 7.9 per cent, investors could earn an absolute return of 7.5 per cent over a six-month time frame, said analysts. This translates into annualised returns of 15 per cent. "A portfolio having an average maturity of 15 years could give you capital appreciation of as much as 3-4 per cent if interest rates fall by 50 basis points," said Vikram Dalal, managing director, Synergee Capital. Dalal recommends HDFC Gilt Fund (Long term), IDFC Government Securities Fund and ICICI Prudential Long Term Gilt Fund for investments.
Gilt funds attracted net inflows of Rs 814 crore in November — the highest monthly net inflows in 15 months, according to industry body AMFI. "There is a chance that gilt funds could outperform the Sensex over the next six months as the market consolidates and waits for growth to come back," said Jignesh Shah, founder, Capital Advisors.
In the last one year, gilt funds (medium and long-term) have given average returns of 16.3 per cent, as per mutual fund tracker Value Research . Expectations of a rate cut in the next policy review meeting are high with inflation declining amid a fall in global crude oil prices .
Investors are hoping for a repeat of the performance in 2001 and 2002, when government securities (Gsecs) gained roughly 24 per cent each in both the years. In 2001, the Sensex fell 17.9 per cent, while in 2002, the index rose 3.5 per cent. "With valuations at 18 times one-year forward earnings, the Sensex could consolidate and look for cues from corporates before moving ahead," said Shah.
He said investors need to be aware of the risks in investing in gilt funds. Investments in these funds could backfire if there is a delay in rate cuts or if the US Fed raises interest rates more aggressively than expected.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex extends losses on global cues  Nifty downMarket update: Sensex snaps three-session falling trend, rises 34 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 16:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Wednesday recovered from over one-month lows, snapping a three-day fall, by rising 34.09 points to end at 27,831.10.
The BSE index was helped by gains in bluechips, including State Bank of India (SBI), Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) and Tata Power, on value-buying and positive cues from European markets.
In volatile movements, the 30-share BSE barometer resumed lower and slipped further to hit an intra-day low of 27,710.03 as investors grappled with effects of tougher Chinese rules on lending and political instability concerns in Greece.
However, emergence of buying in afternoon trade helped the gauge wipe off initial losses to close higher at 27,831.10, logging a rise of 34.09 points, or 0.12 per cent. The Sensex had lost 765.81 points in the previous three sessions.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 13 constituents led by SBI, ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sesa Sterlite, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, NTPC, ITC Ltd and Axis Bank closed higher, helping Sensex to end in the green.
Fall in BHEL, GAIL, Hindustan Unilever, Tata Steel, Bajaj Auto, Wipro, L&T, RIL, TCS, Coal India, HDFC, Hindalco, M&M and Maruti Suzuki shares, however, weighed.
Shares of Bharti Airtel , which gained over 2 per cent in early trade after telecom tribunal TDSAT set aside Rs 650 crore penalty imposed by the Department of Telecom (DoT), succumbed to profit-booking towards market closing hours and ended 0.16 per cent down.
The broader 50-share National Stock exchange (NSE) index Nifty also recovered by 14.95 points (or 0.18 per cent), to end above the 8,350-mark at 8,355.65.
Second-line shares were also back in form on a fresh spell of buying support from retail investors.
Shares of jewellery makers surged on speculation that the government may announce changes to gold-import rules for trading houses.
Gitanjali Gems stock surged 8.53 per cent, followed by TBZ (4.46 per cent), PC Jewellers (2.31 per cent) and Titan (3.99 per cent).
The BSE Mid-cap and BSE Small-cap indices closed higher by 0.93 per cent and 1.06 per cent respectively.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 221.52 crore on Tuesday as per provisional data.

http://usat.ly/164ITVaFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Lawsuit accuses Maker's Mark of false advertising
Two California consumers sued one of Kentucky's best-known distilleries, saying Maker's Mark tries to spike demand and sticker prices by falsely promoting its bourbon as being handmade.
Post to Facebook
Lawsuit accuses Maker's Mark of false advertising Two California consumers sued one of Kentucky's best-known distilleries, saying Maker's Mark tries to spike demand and sticker prices by falsely promoting its bourbon as being handmade. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1Ad4G5I
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Lawsuit accuses Maker's Mark of false advertising
Bruce Schreiner , The Associated Press 9:55 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
A still frame image made from video provided by Maker's Mark Distillery Inc., shows a bottle of Maker's Mark in an advertisement. After a backlash from customers, the producer of Maker's Mark bourbon is reversing a decision to cut the amount of alcohol in bottles of its famous whiskey. (AP Photo/Marker's Mark Distillery Inc., File) ORG XMIT: NY119
(Photo: AP)
97 CONNECT 62 TWEET 32 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Two California consumers sued one of Kentucky's best-known distilleries, saying Maker's Mark tries to spike demand and sticker prices by falsely promoting its bourbon as being handmade.
The lawsuit, filed in federal court in San Diego, accused the distillery of deceptive advertising and business practices with its "handmade" promotion on the labels of its bottles, known for their distinctive red-wax seal. The potential class-action suit claims damages exceed $5 million.
A spokesman for Beam Suntory, the parent of Maker's, said the suit was meritless and the company will fight it.
The suit was brought by Safora Nowrouzi and Travis Williams, who purchased Maker's Mark bourbon last month.
"Defendant promotes its whisky as being 'handmade' when in fact defendant's whisky is manufactured using mechanized and/or automated processes, which involves little to no human supervision, assistance or involvement," the suit said.
The allegations were backed up by photos and video of the Maker's Mark bourbon-making process, according to the suit filed Friday.
The automated process includes grinding up grains, mixing the grains with other ingredients and bottling the bourbon, it said.
Maker's Mark bourbon is produced at a distillery outside Loretto, Kentucky.
The distillery is being expanded to pump up production to keep pace with demand. Maker's shipped about 1.4 million cases in 2013, up 10.7 percent from the prior year.
Maker's Mark has developed a passionate following among bourbon drinkers. The brand created a backlash last year by saying it was cutting the amount of alcohol in each bottle to stretch its whiskey supplies. Producers quickly scrapped the idea.
Clarkson Hine, a spokesman for Beam Suntory, said Tuesday "we will defend this case vigorously and we are confident that we will prevail." He declined to comment on specifics of the suit, citing company policy.
Williams purchased a bottle of Maker's for $32.99 from a grocery store in San Diego, while Nowrouzi bought a bottle of Maker's for $58.99 from a grocery store in Los Angeles County, the suit said.
They made the purchases "under the false impression that the whisky was of superior quality by virtue of being 'Handmade' and thus worth an exponentially higher price as compared to other similar whiskies," the suit said.
Other spirits makers have faced legal challenges over labeling claims. Executives at Templeton Rye said earlier this year they will change labels on bottles of their whiskey to clarify that the beverage is distilled in Indiana, not Iowa.
97 CONNECT 62 TWEET 32 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Ad4G5I
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Lending rates poised for a dip: SBI chief Arundhati BhattacharyaBallooning trade deficit pulls Indian Rupee to 13-month low at 63.64 vs dollar
State Bank of India chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya on Tuesday said lending rates will come down when credit picks up and the cost of funds come down.
“The fact that we are adjusting on the deposit taking side means that going forward all of us are seeing a rate cut. But exactly when it will happen is not something I can really tell you now,” Bhattacharya said here after launching the SBI Compsite Index.
Some banks, including HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank had reduced deposit rates last week apparently to bring down the cost of funds.
“What the banks are waiting for is a little bit more of a sign of a credit pick-up. Whatever we say, when we cut the lending rates our income comes down and we need some other ways of making up that income to keep paying interest on deposits. That can always happen if the credit growth is quite robust and volume picks up,” she said.
“But when the volumes are very thin and if you are not seeing that kind of a clear pipeline, then it is very difficult to cut lending rates. So, I think most of us are waiting to see a little bit more of a pick-up in credit,” Bhattacharya said.
The credit growth is slowly inching up and is definitely better than the growth up to September, she said. “Retail growth is alright. On the corporate side also we are seeing a little bit growth now, though new projects are still a challenge,” she said.
On the aviation sector, Bhattacharya said SBI does not have any exposure to the cash-strapped Spicejet. “It’s (aviation sector) a difficult sector to operate,” she said.
TAGS: Arundhati Bhattacharya State Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Rashtrapati Bhavan to unveil e-catalogue of art works tomorrowWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:28 am
President Pranab Mukherjee is all set to ring in his 80th birthday later this week with a celebration of art.
On December 11, Mukherjee’s birthday, Rashtrapati Bhavan will unveil an e-catalogue of the art work it possesses — including the oldest Bull sculpture dating back to 3rd century BC, the exquisite Persian art on the ceiling and walls of the Ashoka Hall and some rare reproductions of Ajanta murals.
Incidentally, his autobiography, “The Dramatic decade: The Indira Years”, is set to be released on that date though Rashtrapati Bhavan holds that the President will not be a part of any launch event.
A day later is the inauguration of the ceremonial hall and an official banquet for Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his cabinet and other leaders preceded by a musical performance by Pandit Rajan and Sajan Mishra. The banquet was scheduled a day later as Russian President Vladimir Putin will be in India on December 10 and 11.
The e-catalogue is one of the many initiatives Rashtrapati Bhavan undertook since Mukherjee assumed office, to bring the institution of the President closer to the people. The e-catalogue, titled “Art Heritage of Rashtrapati Bhavan: A Selection”, contains 113 high quality photographs of paintings and select art objects in the Rashtrapati Bhavan collection. The e-catalogue will allow people to zoom in and view the paintings in far greater detail.
However, the photographs cannot be downloaded although Rashtrapati Bhavan may make prints available through its souvenir shop at a later date.
“There was an earlier catalogue of art pieces in the Estate that dated back to 1931. We found it in the library and that is when the President said that we should undertake a similar exercise now and in a format that is accessible to all. We took professional help over the past one year to put together this catalogue. These are just the highlights of a collection of a large collection,” said Venu Rajamony, Press Secretary to the President.

Economy may double to $4 trn in 10 yrs: Jayant SinhaStructural reforms necessary to achieve 7-8% growth, says Jayant Sinha
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 17:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
Pitching for structural reforms, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha on Wednesday said they were necessary for achieving a sustainable growth of 7-8 per cent and making India a $5 trillion economy in next 12 years.
"If we take our $2 trillion economy and get it on the sustainable 7-8 per cent growth rate then we have a situation when the economy doubles in 10 or 12 years to $4 trillion economy. If rupee strengthens we may end up getting closer to $5 trillion economy", he said while addressing the Delhi Economics Conclave in New Delhi.
Sinha also made a strong pitch for deep structural reforms to achieve a sustainable and non-inflationary growth of 7-8 per cent over longer period of time.
"We also need to get the economy up to a long term growth rate of 7-8 per cent, it will have ups and downs. But ultimately long term growth rate for the Indian economy has to be 7-8 per cent", he said.
Sinha said there was a need to control inflation at 4-6 per cent over the years.
Listing the priorities before the government, he said, there is a need to pursue macroeconomic stability, build world class infrastructure, unlock entrepreneurial energy and put in place social security system.
Sinha also made a case for supply side revolution to enable the country dramatically increase its growth potential.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent.
The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.

Draft report on insurance bill tabled in RSDec 10, 2014, 06.17 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Select panel's insurance bill report tabled in Rajya Sabha
Rajya Sabha may approve report if there are not many dissents. The draft report, among other things has recommended 49 percent composite FDI in insurance, suggested changes in definition of reinsurance, sought to define the term `control' in Insurance Act and proposed power to IRDA in formulating norms subject to acts and rules.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Select panel's insurance bill report tabled in Rajya Sabha
Rajya Sabha may approve report if there are not many dissents. The draft report, among other things has recommended 49 percent composite FDI in insurance, suggested changes in definition of reinsurance, sought to define the term `control' in Insurance Act and proposed power to IRDA in formulating norms subject to acts and rules.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The select committee report on the insurance Bill, headed by Chandan Mitra, has been tabled in Rajya Sabha today. The draft report, among other things has recommended 49 percent composite FDI in insurance, suggested changes in definition of reinsurance, sought to define the term `control' in Insurance Act and proposed power to IRDA in formulating norms subject to acts and rules.
The panel has accepted suggestions to the draft insurance bill made by Opposition Congress.
Speaking about the bill to CNBC-TV18's Ekta Batra and Latha Venkatesh, Ashvin Parekh, Managing Partner of Ashvin Parekh Advisory Services says it is a long awaited and may go through if there aren't many dissents. He clarified that composite FDI includes FDI, FPI and NRI components as well. Former LIC chairman SB Mathur feels the bill, if it becomes a law in this session itself, will lead to many insurance companies becoming public by 2016.
Below is the transcript of Ashvin Parekh, SB Mathur and Sanjiv Bajaj\\'s interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Finally that day has come, give us a sense in terms of what you expect this select panel to possibly throw up and when would you see the bill see the light of day?
Parekh: It is a long awaited bill now. The first draft was made in 2008 and then in 2014 we saw some more additions being made. Everything depends on the recommendations made by the committee and also the order of dessent. The larger parties in the Opposition have recommended that the amendment should have happened. If foreign investment in insurance sector is permitted to go up to 49 percent, then I suppose the order of dessent will decide. If we don’t have too much of dessent, then the Upper House may approve in which case it goes to the President for notification and it becomes an Act thereafter.
Ekta: There is that composite FDI which is now possibly going to be 49 percent according to select panel report. Your thoughts on it and what exactly does that composite 49 percent FDI entail?
Parekh: It is composite foreign investment. What it would therefore mean is, as I understand, that it will have FDI as well as the FII components. So what it will mean is that 49 percent is not hard cast, it is left to the shareholders. For instance, if a foreign shareholder decides to keep his investment up to 26 percent then he may allow the Indian company to offer the rest of its equity to the market which then can be picked up by the FII. So I am personally very glad. I must say that these are very welcome suggestions. The matter of how much of within that 49 percent is FDI, how much of it is FII is entirely left to the shareholders. Each shareholder agreement, the way it has been drawn, will now decide, will now discuss about the entire thing. What worries me, however, is the definition of the Indian management control. That is something that we may have to examine the fine print basically.
Ekta: When you say definition of Indian management control and defining it in the fine print, what do you mean, what would be the cause for concern there?
Parekh: The whole question is the class of equity that either the FIIs or the foreign investors will get. For instance, if we restrict the voting rights, that is a second class of equity that is required to be offered to the foreign investors then I suppose it would not be a complete reform. The valuation itself will suffer because equity with voting rights and equity without voting rights are two different things altogether. So that is one observation I am making.
The second observation is it shouldn’t become a hindrance. So far we have seen that after almost about 58-59 partnerships that have happened, the foreign partners have worked very closely with the Indian partners, we haven’t had any dispute or any major issue in regards of the shareholder understanding. This creating a new class of equity could be a bit problematic. So I would say if Indian management control only keeps itself to 51 percent of equity, which the Indian shareholders put together could own then it is fine. Then the definition is a very workable definition.
Ekta: Coming back to composite FDI, I just wanted to get a sense, would it then mean that a couple of these insurance companies which are now subsidiaries of bigger companies would have to be hived off in order for them to take advantage?
Parekh: That is going to be only one of the implications. I don’t think that is too much of an implication because all these investments made by the parent companies, in many cases it is conglomorates and also banking companies. These are investments, these are not subsidiary organisations as yet -- these are subsidiary organisations but in the books of banks, these are investments basically in the form of shares held in these entities. So I would say that by virtue of being a shareholder of a JV company, the person does not automatically become the shareholder of the bank. So I am not too much worried about the structure part but I am certainly concerned about the composite limit to the extent that if it was entirely FDI, which was the original reform, fortunately they have now changed it to composite limit. So in that regard, I would say it is a very welcome move. What will happen is if he had said that it was only going to be permissible by way of FDI that it would have created a deadlock situation. One shareholder has 49 percent the other shareholder has 51 percent, nobody will take the equity to the market unless both of them jointly agree to take it to the market.
Latha: Do you expect in the next 18 months, somebody will come to the market?
Parekh: This will certainly pave way for the Indian promoters. If I look at the life insurance sector particularly where huge amount of capital is required, I am seeing that at least four-five companies are almost ready to take the equity to the market. Their performance do show that they have started making profits and then there is no need for additional capital in these cases, so they can take it to the market. So I am certainly seeing that. Your point on price discoveries are very valid one. If let us say out of these first four-five, all of them have done extremely well in the last 12 years, they have built a good portfolio, a good life fund, they go to the market then we may get certain order of price and then it creates a market. It creates the market for the others also to follow in that particular area.
Latha: It now looks like when the Select Committee tabling its report in parliament it is only a matter of days before the cabinet approves it and tables the bill itself could happen in this session or most likely the bill becomes law in this session itself. How do you see the contents that are known so far?
Mathur: I feel it is a welcome step. Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) if being raised to 49 percent would not have driven the valuation so much. We have seen in the said capital market it is the Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) who drive the valuation and to that extent Indian promoters should be thankful that the FII will be there to give them a good value for money, they have been kept invested for more than 10 years now. So, they will get good valuations.
Number two I see it more as restoring the credibility of the country as a whole. We have been talking for the last 14 years even before this sector was opened up that it will be taken to 49. Successive governments have made this declaration and it is kind of we were losing acceptance that everybody is saying it should be 49 and they have not been able to do it. So to that extent I see it as a welcome measure.
Secondly the other thing of the insurance bill which are very critical, one of them is section 45 which gives the insurer right to repudiate a policy in case a violation of claim. They were tinkering it, within Rajya Sabha presentations were made to the select committee that you are curbing policyholder’s rights and unnecessarily exposing them to risk, denial of a claim. So, it should not be done or it should be modified. I would love to see what the committee has recommended on that.
So that is very critical because they were raising the period from two years i.e. the policy, if it is taken today if early claim happens within two years and there is deliberate non-disclosure the claim could be repudiated. Now the amended bill suggested that this period to be raised to three years instead of two years. So, instead of two years policy holders could repudiate up to three years and they had also included cases of involuntary nondisclosure i.e. I am not aware, I have made a wrong statement or I have conceded a fact which is not done deliberately. Even those cases are now covered which is a very dangerous trend because death claim settlement has to be very customer friendly.
Latha: It looks sure shot that the winter session is going to see the passage of insurance bill. How do things change for you? In the next 18 months do we see you come to the market?
A: Finally we are seeing light at the end of what was a very long tunnel but yes, I am hopeful now that this bill does get passed. We don’t as Bajaj Allianz need to go to the market. We have been building this business very gradually and profitably. So, we are adequately capitalised, but there will be many other companies that are in urgent need of capital and this bill once it becomes an act should end up benefitting them as well.
RELATED NEWS

Watershed conservation can reduce pollution in India: Study32
0
Kolkata: Indian cities like Mumbai, Gurgaon, Rajkot and several others that suffer from water pollution, have the potential to reduce pollution at the source by 10 per cent through practices like watershed conservation and river bank restoration, a new study says.
The recently released "Urban Water Blueprint" study by The Nature Conservancy (TNC), the largest environmental organization in world, provides an in-depth analysis of more than 2,000 watersheds serving 530 cities.
"Agricultural Best Management Practices (ABMP) would be most cost-effective for Mumbai, Bathinda, Hubli-Dharwad, Rajkot, Ranchi, Udaipar and Ujjain."
Watershed conservation can be both an economical viable and environmentally sound investment for developed and developing cities.
"This strategy and also riparian (river bank) restoration would work well for Bhopal, Gurgaon, Hazaribagh in protecting water sources," Robert McDonald, senior scientist at TNC and one of the lead authors of the report, told IANS in an email interaction.
The Blueprint provides science-based recommendations on where these strategies are most cost-effective.
McDonald said that although Indian cities suffer from polluted water sources, they have potential to reduce water source pollution by 10 per cent through such cost-effective conservation solutions.
"We found that watershed conservation can be both an economical viable and environmentally sound investment for developed and developing cities alike."
"This would lower water treatment costs by about five per cent and improve drinking water for millions of Indians," he added.
Improving water quality at the source would mean that "less than 1,000 hectares of conservation action would be needed to achieve a 10 per cent reduction in sediment or unwanted nutrient pollution."
The Blueprint was released in partnership with the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group and the International Water Association.
The accompanying data visualization website can serve as a tool for city and water managers to evaluate the condition of drinking watersheds and the potential impact that conservation strategies could have on water quality.
"Reforestation is the best option for Gwalior and Thiruvananthapuram. Many other Indian cities also hold medium potential for ABMP and river bank restoration," McDonald said.
8

Largest philanthropic donation of 2014: Buffet gives $2.1 bn to Gates FoundationBill and Melinda Gates Foundation
(According to global wealth…)
NEW DELHI: Billionaire investor Warren Buffet has made the largest philanthropic donation of this year, by giving USD 2.1 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in the form of 16.6 million shares of his company, Berkshire Hathaway.
According to global wealth intelligence and prospecting company Wealth-X, Buffet topped the list of the 10 biggest single charitable donors of 2014.
Nicholas Woodman, GoPro Founder, CEO and Chairman was ranked second on the list as he along with his spouse donated USD 497.5 million to Silicon Valley Community Foundation.
Eight of the top 10 donations of 2014 were made by American philanthropists. Hong Kong real estate tycoons Ronnie and Gerald Chan are the only non-Americans to appear on the list.
Ronnie and Gerald Chan were ranked third and fourth on the list. The billionaire brothers collectively gave a USD 350 million gift to Harvard University, the largest ever in the school's history.
Harvard also received a USD 150 million donation from hedge fund manager Kenneth Griffin to support financial aid. Griffin was ranked fifth on the coveted list.
Six of the top ten donations of 2014 were made to educational institutions, two were given to health causes and two went to philanthropic foundations, Wealth-X said.
Among other contributions, Gert Boyle's USD 100 million donation to Oregon Health & Science University was ranked 6th on the list followed by John Morgridge at the 7th place (USD 100 million to University of Wisconsin-Madison), John Jay Jordan at 8th rank (USD 75 million to University of Notre Dame).
The top ten largest philanthropic donations of 2014 also include, Edward Meyer at 9th rank (USD 75 million donation to Weill Cornell Medical College) and Charles Munger at the 10th place (USD 65 million to University of California Santa Barbara).
The Donated amounts mentioned in this report only took into account donations that have already been made, and do not include pledged amounts.
Wealth-X is the world's leading ultra high net worth (UHNW) intelligence and prospecting firm with the largest collection of curated research on UHNW individuals, defined as those with net assets of USD 30 million and above.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Acche din delayed Why Modi is going slow on reformsDec 10, 2014, 12.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Acche din delayed? Why Modi is going slow on reforms
Tt comes as a bit worrying when a report says India Inc is getting worried by the Modi government’s “lack of boldness” in pushing through economic reforms.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Acche din delayed? Why Modi is going slow on reforms
Tt comes as a bit worrying when a report says India Inc is getting worried by the Modi government’s “lack of boldness” in pushing through economic reforms.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
It is a known fact that India Inc has been a fervent supporter of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, given his reputation of being business-friendly and a quick decision maker and his track record as chief minister in Gujarat where he took several steps to shake up governance, cut red tape and drive investment into the state.
So it comes as a bit worrying when a report says India Inc is getting worried by the Modi government’s “lack of boldness” in pushing through economic reforms.
An article in the Economic Times today reported on a closed-door meeting of the Confederation of Industry (CII) where “some of India Inc's most prominent voices asked whether the government is doing enough to jumpstart growth, unlock infrastructure and spur fresh investments”.
The article went on to quote an industry titan who said the Modi government was yet to initiate bold measures such as labour reforms while another said the government was pursuing a similar “welfarist” approach to governance as that of its predecessor.
Brought to power on a historic mandate and with aspirations Modi would initiate bold steps needed to bring the economy out of its worst slump in a decade, the government has rolled out a number of steps such as hiking the gas price, linking diesel prices to the market and introducing auction for coal, among others.
But the government has yet to move significantly on land reforms, with a proposed tweak to the Land Acquisition Act still some time away, the BJP’s own trade unions opposing some steps it has taken to streamline labour laws while states are yet to reach an agreement on the proposed goods and sales tax.
This came in light of another economist saying the PM had “not executed his power forcefully” despite being voted in with an outright majority.
“Modi has achieved the largest consolidation of power in India since Indira Gandhi in the '70s and '80s, and he wants to unleash the Indian economy to regain the mojo of the last decade,” Rice University economist Russell Green told PTI yesterday . But despite glitz and fanfare, he has not executed his power forcefully.”
But while some may have started feeling early jitters over the lack of bold action, others aren’t giving up hope yet.
“I was hopeful we would see much more aggressive action,” Cornell University professor and an expert on emerging markets, Eswar Prasad, told CNBC-TV18 in an interview yesterday . “We haven’t seen that but there is some method to that temerity. What Mr. Modi seems to be trying to do is make it clear that he is going to get some basic building blocks that are necessary for the economy to work well.”
According to the economist, these “building blocks” were focusing on governance by getting the bureaucratic machinery to work in a more cohesive manner, taming corruption, supporting the central bank to bring down inflation sustainably.
By focusing on things like sanitation (through the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan), Prasad said the PM was “creating the narrative” reforms need so that masses feel economic reforms aren’t being effected only to benefit the industry.
The professor, however, added that he would wish the government take more steps to bring in divestment of state companies, changes in the country’s burgeoning subsidy regime as well as providing states with greater incentive to push through reforms.
RELATED NEWS

Rate cut possible if inflation easing continues: RBI DyRate cut likely if inflation easing continues, says RBI Deputy SS Mundra
Suvashree Dey Choudhury     Kolkata   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 13:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor SS Mundra said on Wednesday the RBI would have room to cut interest rates if factors leading to lower inflation continue.
The comments come ahead of consumer inflation data due on Friday. The central bank held interest rates steady in its bi-monthly monetary policy review on December 2, but said it could ease key policy rates by early 2015.
Regarding niche banks, Mundra said RBI would grant licences to small and payment banks by March or April after releasing the final guidelines for applications in November.
(Reuters)

In face of losses  low-cost airports not a good ideaWith cheaper imports and lesser local coal to wheel around, Railways stares at reduced freight earnings
While the central government’s plan to develop as many as 50 low-cost airports is still being worked out, over 90 airports operated by the state-controlled Airports Authority of India (AAI) have been incurring losses, primarily from low air traffic.
Responding to questions on loss-making airports, minister of state for civil aviation Mahesh Sharma, told the Lok Sabha late last month that the losses to AAI-operated airports are primarily because of low air traffic movements, resulting in lesser aeronautical revenue, low non-aeronautical revenue potential and basic operating expenditure on account of regulatory/IATA and security requirements.
“The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has initiated several steps to make the loss-making airports viable and profitable by development of cargo activities, enhancement of non-aeronautical revenue through revision of rates and awarding of contracts through master concessions, allowing flying schools at non-operational airports, encouraging maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) activities and revision of base rates”, Sharma said.
A senior AAI official told FE that some of the AAI-operated airports incurring losses are at Patna, Indore, Ahmedabad, Amritsar, Aurangabad, Jaipur, Lucknow, Varanasi and Bhopal.
“Some of the airports operated by the AAI in remote areas are operational and recognised on the authority’s accounts even though most airlines don’t operate from them,” the official said, not wanting to be named. ”This has added to the losses.”
Interestingly, the new government’s plans to build 50 low-cost airports involve developing infrastructure for air connectivity in remote areas. Although, the ministry of civil aviation has written to the finance ministry to allow the AAI to raise funds by issuing tax-free bonds for developing budget airports, there is no clarity yet on how these airports, once developed, are going to earn revenues, considering that AAI-operated airports at remote areas are already posting huge losses.
An analyst tracking the aviation sector, who didn’t want to be identified, told FE that though the government’s plan to develop low cost airports sounded ambitious, its success would largely depend on the financial condition of carriers.
“Huge losses have forced airlines to trim down operations and fly to fewer airports. Not many airlines want to experiment with new routes, especially to remote destinations”, the analyst, who works for a foreign brokerage, said.
Today, most commercial airlines, except for the national carrier Air India, operate in sectors that register a high load factor. In the past, several airlines have stopped flying to routes which didn’t generate enough load and yield. Recently, SpiceJet has also cut several routes as it looks to turn around its operations.
According to AAI officials, commercial airlines in India currently fly to about 70 airports in the country, down from about 95-100 a few years ago.
“It’s not in the airlines best interest to fly on routes that yield low load factor and are loss making,” said an airline official who declined to be named. ”The new government’s initiative of developing 50 low-cost airports is ambitious. But, will it help increase the profits of the AAI?
I don’t think so,” the official added.
TAGS: Airports Authority Of India
More from economy

Hong Kong protest camp counts down finalhoursBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:10 pm
Hong Kong’s dwindling number of pro-democracy protesters vowed Wednesday to stay until the last minute before authorities clear them off a highway where they’ve been camped out for more than two months.
Dozens of activists and hundreds of tents remained on the normally busy thoroughfare outside of city government headquarters less than a day before police are scheduled to sweep them out.
Many other supporters as well as tourists and office workers visited the site for one final photo opportunity as a reminder of what’s come to be known as the “Umbrella Movement.”
Hong Kong’s second-highest ranking government official stepped up calls for protesters to leave the site. Chief Secretary Carrie Lam warned people not to heed calls by student leaders urging those who had turned out for the movement’s early stages to return to the scene.
“This is most undesirable, because once the police operation is underway, and knowing very well that there are some radical elements amongst the protesters, confrontation might become inevitable,” Lam said.
The government said the headquarters complex would shut down for the day and 3,000 staff would not need to come to work while the police carry out their operation.
The protesters began occupying the road in the Admiralty district and two other neighborhoods on Sept. 28 after police fired tear gas in a failed attempt to disperse them.
The demonstrators are demanding greater democratic reform than Beijing is prepared to allow Hong Kong.

Arun Jaitley to meet state FMs tomorrow on GSTFinance Minister Arun Jaitley to meet state FMs tomorrow on Goods and Services Tax
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 12.44PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The meeting would "discuss…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will tomorrow meet his state counterparts to iron out the "challenges" in rolling out the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
The meeting would "discuss some of the challenges that the states see at this point of time", Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha told reporters on the sidelines of Delhi Economics Conclave here today.
"On GST we are working on variety of discussions with the states. The legislative aspects of the GST are complicated, they have to be approved by the states. CST compensation is one of the item which is under discussion," he said.
The Centre is working towards rolling out the GST from April 1, 2016, and is in discussion with states to insulate their revenues from the impact of the GST.
The GST will subsume indirect taxes like excise duty and service tax at the central level and VAT and local levies on the states front.
Sinha said once the issues are resolved the Centre can come up with the legislative calender.
The GST Constitutional Amendment Bill , which was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2011, had lapsed and the NDA government will be required to come up with a fresh bill.
States have been demanding that petroleum, alcohol and tobacco be kept out of the purview of the GST.
The GST roll out has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the proposed new tax regime.
On easing restrictions on gold imports, Sinha said the intention of the government was to enable the jewellery sector function efficiently.
"The current account deficit and foreign exchange reserves are in much more comfortable position now. The rupee is stable," Sinha added.
The CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, moderated to 1.9 per cent of GDP ($17.9 billion) in April-September period of current fiscal.
It was 3.1 per cent ($26.9 billion) in the corresponding period last year.
The government had last month scrapped the 80:20 scheme for gold imports under which at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Gold imports jumped 280 per cent to $4.17 billion in October, as per the latest trade data. The in-bound shipments touched 95 tonnes in September this year as against 12 tonnes a year ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan weather bureau sees El Nino patternYou are here: Home > Collections
Japan weather bureau declares first El Nino in five years
Reuters Dec 10, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The first declaration by…)
TOKYO: Japan's weather bureau said on Wednesday that an El Nino weather pattern, which can trigger drought in some parts of the world while causing flooding in others, had emerged during the summer for the first time in five years and was likely to continue into winter.
That marks the first declaration by a major meteorological bureau of the much-feared El Nino phenomenon, which had been widely expected to emerge this year.
El Nino - a warming of sea-surface temperatures in the Pacific - can prompt drought in Southeast Asia and Australia and heavy rains in South America, hitting production of food such as rice, wheat and sugar.
The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) forecast last month that the possibility of an El Nino pattern forming this winter was higher than the 50 per cent it had projected in its previous monthly prediction.
But on Wednesday it said that an El Nino had emerged between June and August, continuing into November.
"We can't tell whether or not El Nino will continue until spring, but we can say that there is a higher chance of it continuing in the winter," said Ikuo Yoshikawa, a JMA forecaster.
The Japanese weather bureau does not classify or predict the size of El Nino, he said.
Last week, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology said that climate models suggest El Nino weather conditions would occur over the next three months, although related weather patterns are already being witnessed.
The US weather forecaster also projected last week a 65 per cent chance of El Nino conditions during the Northern Hemisphere winter and into spring, up from a 58 per cent chance predicted early in November.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SKS Micro surges 9%  UBS initiates coverage with buy callDec 10, 2014, 12.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SKS Micro surges 9%, UBS initiates coverage with buy call
UBS initiated coverage on the stock with buy rating and set target price of Rs 500, citing strong growth potential and high return on equity (ROE) in the micro finance company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SKS Micro surges 9%, UBS initiates coverage with buy call
UBS initiated coverage on the stock with buy rating and set target price of Rs 500, citing strong growth potential and high return on equity (ROE) in the micro finance company.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  SKS Microfinance jumped as much as 8.8 percent intraday to hit fresh 52-week high of Rs 379.50 on Wednesday. Brokerage UBS initiated coverage on the stock with buy rating and set target price of Rs 500, citing strong growth potential and high return on equity (ROE) in the micro finance company.
SKS is one of its preferred NBFC picks (the others are  LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance ).
The brokerage said after consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking microfinance companies (NBFC-MFIs) have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of more than 40 percent in FY14 and H1 FY15. It expects low microfinance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC-MFIs to support a loan CAGR of more than 25 percent for the sector over the medium term.
SKS Microfinance (SKSM) is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book (and the only listed microfinance company), and has a diversified loan book and national presence.
Credit losses in the microfinance business have been low (except in Andhra Pradesh), says the brokerage, which expects them to remain so due to regulatory restrictions on loan levels, and the establishment of a credit bureau.
UBS expects an FY15-17 operating expenses CAGR of only 19 percent for SKSM, driven by higher efficiency and tax rate of about 5 percent in FY15. Despite the higher tax rate, FY15-17 earnings per share CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) is expected to be 66 percent and return on assets/return on equity is seen improving from 2.8 percent/16 percent in FY14 to 7.1 percent/24 percent in FY17, says the brokerage.
The key risks are adverse regulatory actions and political intervention.
At 11:22 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 377.80, up Rs 28.85, or 8.27 percent amid high volumes on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

IRFC net profit up 19.54% to Rs 421.73 crDec 10, 2014, 01.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
IRFC net profit up 19.54% to Rs 421.73 cr
The rise in net profit is mainly attributed to the growth in lease income which stood at Rs 3,141.34 crore as against Rs 2,856.90 in the year-ago period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IRFC net profit up 19.54% to Rs 421.73 cr
The rise in net profit is mainly attributed to the growth in lease income which stood at Rs 3,141.34 crore as against Rs 2,856.90 in the year-ago period.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd (IRFC) posted a 19.54 percent rise in its net profit at Rs 421.73 crore for the six-month period ended September 30, 2014.
IRFC, the financing arm of the Indian railways, had posted a net profit of Rs 352.79 crore during the same period last year.
The rise in net profit is mainly attributed to the growth in lease income which stood at Rs 3,141.34 crore as against Rs 2,856.90 in the year-ago period.
Interest on deposit from banks also increased to Rs 204.18 crore as against Rs 11.07 crore earned during the same period last year.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 700.69 crore for the year ended March 31, 2014.
RELATED NEWS

ICICI Bank  HDFC Bank  Bajaj Finance top picks: Sachin ShahLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Finance top picks: Sachin Shah
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Bajaj Finance are the top picks.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers told CNBC-TV18, "Our top picks would be in the private banking and some of the niche non-banking financial companies (NBFCs). So within the private banking space, the stocks that we own and we still like are ICICI Bank  and HDFC Bank  and we also like Bajaj Finance ."
"Bajaj Finance is one company which has done very well and looks like it will continue to do well with the kind of the growth that we have seen in the consumer durable segment and there we have very strong position," he said.
"The stock has done quite well and it is no more very cheap. However the kind of the growth that they deliver and the kind of the quality assets that they have, my sense is that the stock would still do well in the next few years."
RELATED NEWS

6 dead after plane crashes into Maryland homeBy: Press Trust of India | Gaithersburg (maryland) |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:35 pm
A small, private jet has slammed into a house, killing a woman and her two young sons inside the home and three people on the aircraft, authorities said.
The jet crashed yesterday around 10:45 am in Gaithersburg, a Washington DC suburb, Montgomery County Fire and Rescue Chief Steve Lohr told a news conference.
Authorities quickly said all three people in the plane had been killed, but it took hours for fire crews to sweep the home and confirm that three people were inside. They were identified as 36-year-old Marie Gemmell and her two sons, 3-year-old Cole and 1-month-old Devon, police said.
They were found in a second-floor bathroom. Gemmell was lying on top of her young sons in an apparent effort to shield them from the smoke and fire, said police Capt Paul Starks.
Her husband and a school-age daughter were not home and were accounted for, police said.
The fuselage of the jet crashed into the front lawn of an adjacent home, which was heavily damaged by fire, and investigators believe one of its wings, which had fuel inside, was sheared off and tore through the front of the Gemmell home, said Robert Sumwalt, a National Transportation Safety Board member. Witnesses reported seeing and hearing a secondary explosion after the plane hit the ground.
The two-story, wood-frame home was gutted. The first floor was nearly completely blown out and smoke drifted from a gaping hole in what was left of the collapsing roof. No one was injured in the adjacent homes that also had major damage.
The founder and CEO of a North Carolina clinical research organisation was among those on the plane. Health Decisions of Durham, North Carolina, said in a news release that Dr Michael Rosenberg was among those killed.
Rosenberg was a pilot who crashed a different plane in Gaithersburg on March 1, 2010, according to a government official who wasn’t authorised to speak publicly and asked not to be named. Investigators are still trying to determine if Rosenberg was at the controls at the time of the crash.
Fred Pedreira, 67, who lives near the crash site, said he had just returned home from the grocery store and was parking his car when he saw the jet and immediately knew something was wrong.

20-year-old Jaipur girl gets 2.1-crore job offer from FacebookComments
Astha Agarwal had no inkling back in 2009 when she signed up as a user on Facebook that she would one day get an offer from the social networking company.
She had joined FB to keep in touch with people she met in Azerbaijan during the International Junior Science Olympiad, but in May this year, she was at FB headquarters in Menlo Park, California, for summer internship.
After the May-to-July internship, she got the offer to work as a software engineer at FB.
“But it was only recently that I calculated the money in INR and realised mine was the highest among all FB offers,” she says as she shows HT a copy of the offer letter. Astha will join FB in October next year after she completes her eighth semester at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IIT-B).
Video: Here's what Astha has to say
Astha, 20, is the younger of the two daughters of a Rajasthan Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RVPNL), a transmission company, executive engineer. She is in Jaipur for her winter vacation.
After the news has got out that she’s got a pre-placement offer from the social media company for Rs. 2.1 crore salary, including sign-on bonus and ESOPs, the phone at the modest Agarwal household in government colony on Sahkar Marg in Jaipur hasn’t stopped ringing.
She got into IIT when her elder sister, Pavitra, graduated from IIT, Delhi, as a chemical engineer. She secured all India rank of 90 in IIT-JEE 2011 and joined department of computer science engineering at IIT-B.
However, Astha isn’t as excited about the money as much as she is excited about working for Facebook. “She also got an offer from Google, but she didn’t take it,” her father Ashok Agarwal says.
“As a matter of fact, she hasn’t appeared for any other company during the placements.”
“What I liked about FB was that is has much less employees than Google and it is easier to make an impact with less people around,” she explains why she’s so happy for the offer.
“It’s a start-up kind of a culture, but more than anything, I guess it’s just a matter of choice.” Talking about Zuckerberg, she says she didn’t get a chance to meet him personally during the internship “but I recall from a recent news was that he wears the same t-shirt every day so he doesn’t waste time in deciding what to wear”.
“I think that is something very inspiring and people who complain about lack of time can learn something from this,” she says. Astha is one of the five other IIT-B graduates who have got FB offer: two during pre-placements and three from campus placements.
Astha went to St Xavier’s School in Jaipur and got 98% in Class 12.

Barack Obama takes over talk show  mocks himself on televisionBarack Obama takes over talk show, mocks himself on television
AFP
print
US President Barack Obama appears on The Colbert Report with Stephen Colbert at the Lisner Auditorium at George Washington University in Washington. (Reuters Photo
 US President Barack Obama took on the role of talk show host, poking fun at himself during an appearance on Stephen Colbert's satirical show.
"The guy is so arrogant, I bet he talks about himself in the third person," a grinning Obama said as he slipped into Colbert's role last night.
After Colbert praised US unemployment figures, Obama launched into a long answer on the need to raise the minimum wage in America.
"I'll give it to you. You've employed a lot of people ... mostly as secretary of Defence," Colbert said, speaking several days after Obama nominated his fourth Pentagon chief in six years.
"Well - that's boosted our numbers a little bit," the president shot back.
Prying into the realm of day to day stuff, Colbert asked Obama if he does things like leave his socks on the floor.
"I do," the US chief executive said.
And does he like his job?
"I love the job. It's an incredible privilege," Obama said.
"But when you're in it, you're not thinking about it in terms of titles. You're thinking about, how do you deliver for the American people, and also when I go home, Michelle, Malia, Sasha give me a hard time and there are no trumpets and they tease me mercilessly," Obama said.
Colbert, who first became known as a commentator on the "Daily Show" hosted by Jon Stewart, another staple of US TV comedy, has hosted for nearly 10 years "The Colbert Report", which is highly popular.

Agra: Muslim families deny changing faith  slam Hindu groupsComments
About 57 Muslim families contested on Tuesday hard-line Hindu groups Dharma Jagaran Manch and Bajrang Dal’s claim that they have switched to Hinduism, saying they were tricked into a conversion event couched as a “homecoming ceremony” in Agra.
Noor Mohammad, one of the people who alleged that the two Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh offshoots had lured them into a programme to collect BPL and ration cards. (HT photo)
“We were not aware that it was an exercise to convert us to Hinduism. We are Muslims and would continue to be so,” said Noor Mohammad, one of the people who alleged that the two Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh offshoots had lured them into Monday’s programme to collect BPL and ration cards.
The Bajrang Dal said the families “reconverted to their original faith” at the event after having embraced Islam some 25 years ago.
Such reports stoke fears of the rise of the Hindu right fringe which has shown signs of assertiveness since the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The so-called new converts, who eke out a living by picking rags and doing odd jobs, live in the Ved Nagar area on Devri Road of Agra. This colony of poor people is inhabited mostly by Hindu Dalits and the Muslim families, comprising 300 members, who had migrated from Bengal and Bihar.
“What is the difference between Allah and Bhagwan? We are Muslim and never converted to Hinduism and would remain Muslim,” said Sufia Begum, 60.
Muneera, a woman who stayed away from the ritual, said people were converted so that they give their consent to build a Kali temple on a plot owned by Muslims.
Neighbour Jehangir said he went because he was promised a ration card.
The rebuff caught many off guard because they saw Ismail Siddique, popular as thekedar (contractor) change to Raj Kumar on Monday and pledge to worship Hindu deities. The new converts were apparently given an idol of Kali after a ritualistic purification prayer.
Ismail on Tuesday denied having changed his faith. “We are Muslims and never converted to Hinduism.”
Red-faced organisers of the function promptly blamed “pressure from outside to reverse their reconversion”.
Ajju Chauhan, a Bajrang Dal functionary, said no force, coercion or lure of BPL and ration cards were used to bring people to the camp, considered a dry run to a massive function with a similar agenda lined up for December 25 in Aligarh.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad and the Bajrang Dal insisted that such functions be called homecoming, not conversion, ceremonies. “I strongly object to this term conversion. Why don’t you call it homecoming?” asked Prakash Sharma, former national convenor of Bajrang Dal.
“Go back in history, at least four-five generations; you will see your ancestors were all Hindu. Then, is it homecoming or not?” he said.
(With inputs from Haidar Naqvi in Kanpur)

Pak 8th most dangerous country in the world:...afghanistan
(The other countries in the…)
WASHINGTON: Pakistan is placed eighth in the list of the most dangerous countries in the world which is led by Iraq , according to a US-based intelligence think tank.
Afghanistan , the only other South Asian country in the list, is placed fourth in the Country Threat Index (CTI) compiled yesterday by IntelCenter, a Washington-based company working for intelligence agencies.
The rankings were prepared after examining the volume of terrorist and rebel alerts, messaging traffic, videos, photos, incidents and the number of killed and injured in a country over the past 30 days.
The other countries in the top 10 are Nigeria (second), Somalia (third) followed by Yemen (five), Syria (six), Libya (seven), Egypt (nine) and Kenya (10).
There are a total of 45 countries with a CTI greater than zero. The average CTI for these countries is 74 and the global CTI is 3,313.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex flat after China push; top 20 bets |  Nifty can plunge 200 pointsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex, Nifty in green; top 20 intraday calls
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 03.40PM IST
Tags:
(Sensex bounced back in intraday…)
NEW DELHI: The Sensex bounced back after losing as much as 87 points earlier in the day.
The surge came after China's stock market saw a sharp rebound, gaining over 2% in intraday deals.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also bounced back from its intraday low and was trading near its crucial psychological level of 8350.
At 2:31 pm, the Sensex was at 27,837.89; up 40.88 points.
The Nifty was at 8,359.10; up 18.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3260 and a stop loss of Rs 3360
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2616
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 414.50
Jindal Steel & Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 144.90
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2505 and a stop loss of Rs 2601
Bharti Airtel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Voltas Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 257 and a stop loss of Rs 269
SKS Microfinance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1400 and a stop loss of Rs 1432
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2540 and a stop loss of Rs 2630
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

SKS Micro surges 9%; UBS initiates with  buyUBS initiates coverage on SKS Microfinance, sees over 40% upside in 12 months
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
LIC
(UBS initiated coverage…)
NEW DELHI: UBS initiated coverage on SKS Microfinance with a 'buy' rating on Tuesday with a target price of Rs 500, which translates into an upside of 43 per cent from Tuesday's closing price of Rs 348.95.
The stock surged nearly 11% in intraday trade today.
Due to its strong growth potential and high ROE, SKS Microfinance is one of our preferred NBFC picks among others which are LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance.
"We base our price target on the residual income method; it implies 3.7x FY17E P/BV and 17x FY17E PE. Our key assumptions in the model are a discount rate of 13.5 per cent, beta of 1.1 and an equity risk premium of 5 per cent," UBS said in a report.
After consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of over 40 per cent in FY14 and H1 FY15.
The global investment bank expects low microfinance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC MFIs to support a loan CAGR of over 25 per cent for the sector over the medium term.
SKS Microfinance (SKSM) is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book, and has a diversified loan book and national presence. UBS expect a 32 per cent CAGR in assets under management (AUM) over FY15-17.
SKS Microfinance provides an attractive opportunity to invest in India's microfinance industry, which is highly under-penetrated. Estimates points to the fact that, SKS is likely to grow at a much higher rate than other India financials in the medium term.
The shares have significantly outperformed benchmark indices, with a return of 89 per cent YTD (compared to 62% for the BSE Bankex and 33% for the CNX Nifty) and are now trading at 2.6x FY17E P/BV and 12.1x FY17E PE.
UBS expect the robust earnings outlook (66% earnings CAGR over FY15-17E) and strong ROE to continue to support the premium valuation in the medium term, and see re-rating potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prosecutors can appeal Pistorius case verdictUpdated: December 10, 2014 13:51 IST
Prosecutors can appeal Pistorius case verdict
AP
A South African judge has ruled that prosecutors can appeal the acquittal on murder charges of Oscar Pistorius, who was convicted of culpable homicide in the death of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Judge Thokozile Masipa announced the ruling in a Pretoria court on Wednesday.
In October, Judge Masipa convicted Pistorius of culpable homicide and sentenced him to a five-year prison term. He could be released from prison to be held under house arrest after 10 months.
Pistorius fatally shot Steenkamp in his home on Valentine’s Day in 2013. He said he thought a dangerous intruder was in the house; prosecutors allege he killed his girlfriend after an argument.

E-commerce: Reliance Capital to sell Yatra.com stake for Rs 500 crSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Looking to cash in on e-commerce boom, Reliance Capital is all set to sell its 16 per cent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore and is in talks with 2-3 international investors.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 per cent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Sources said that Reliance Cap is in talks with 2-3 leading international investors to sell this 16 per cent stake for an estimated USD 80 million (about Rs 500 crore). The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: “We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value.”
While the spokesperson did not give any further details, sources said that Reliance Cap aims to close the transaction in 4-6 weeks and the deal would put the total valuation of Yatra.com at around USD 500 million or about Rs 3,000 crore.
Other existing investors in Yatra.com, which has film star Salman Khan as one of its brand ambassadors, include Norwest Venture Partners (30 per cent), TV-18 group (10 per cent), Intel Cap (7 per cent) and Valliant Capital (10 per cent). The management team has also got 6 per cent ownership.
Among these, TV-18 group is now majority owned by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries group.
In the fast-growing Indian online travel business, Yatra.com competes with Nasdaq-listed MakeMyTrip, which commands a market value of USD 1.2 billion.
During the last fiscal 2013-14, MakeMyTrip is estimated to have clocked total transaction value of USD 1.38 billion on its platforms, as against USD 763 million by Yatra.
The operating income of MakeMyTrip and Yatra stood at USD 116 million and USD 51 million, respectively, for the year.
Reliance Capital recently announced its plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments.
It also recently exited from day to day operations of its global film and media services business, by merging its global film and media services business with Prime Focus.
The deal created the world’s largest media services power house, with an order pipeline of Rs 2,000 crore, over 5,500 employees and operations in the US, UK, Canada, China and Singapore, besides India.
Reliance MediaWorks and Prime Focus promoters infused fresh equity capital of Rs 120 crore each into Prime Focus.
A number of international investors have recently pumped funds in Indian e-commerce or e-retail companies. These include Singapore’s state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings and asset management firm BlackRock along with other investors investing USD 100 million in Snapdeal. Besides, Japan’s SoftBank also invested USD 627 million in Snapdeal.
Flipkart has also received as much as USD 1 billion in fresh capital from investors.
TAGS: Ecommerce India Reliance Capital Yatra.com
More from companies

Sell NCDEX Jan Soybean futs for intraday  recommends KarvyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell NCDEX Jan Soybean futs for intraday, recommends Karvy
Karvy has recommended to sell NCDEX January Soybean futures in the intraday session, in its research report dated December 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Karvy's report on soybean
Last evening, CBOT Soybean January futures ended higher by 0.53% to settle at $10.49/bushel from previous close
Soybean is drawing support on demand for soybeans from exports front and expectations that USDA might lower their outlook for US soy inventories by 5% in the monthly WASDE report to be released today
On Monday, private exporters reported USDA export sales of 130,000 MT of soybeans for delivery to Spain during the 2014-15 marketing year
According to Oil World, the recent rainfall across Brazil and Argentina benefitted the soybean crop while Paraguay’s crop may be smaller than expectation due to drought conditions
Soybean planting across Brazil is 92% completed of the total soybean surface
NCDEX January soybean futures contract settled at Rs. 3298/ quintal, down 1.23% from previous close
At the spot market of Indore, soybean for plant variety traded near Rs. 3321/ quintal, down Rs. 24 from previous close. While the daily soybean arrivals across Madhya Pradesh (MP) were reported at 2 lakh bags remained flat from previous day arrivals
Soybean meal exports declined by 78% in November 2014 as compared to the corresponding period previous year, according to Solvent Extractors Association of India data
Outlook
USDA will be release their monthly Supply Demand estimates (WASDE) report and it is expected to show decline in inventories by 5%, thereby supporting gains in the soybean prices. The soybean plantings progress across the South American nations is tremendous with favorable weather supporting the crop. In the domestic front, a gap up may be witnessed in the soybean prices and we expect NCDEX soybean prices to open upside in the intraday session. The municipal election which was going on last week is over and trading across the mandis’ normalized. We believe the demand from the processors front along with decline in daily arrivals might support the prices in the physical front. Therefore, we recommend trading range for CBOT January soybeans while we recommend selling NCDEX January soybean futures in the intraday session.
For all commodities report, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hong Kong democracy protest camp shutdown loomsBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:54 pm
Hong Kong pro-democracy activists have until Thursday morning to leave a sprawling protest camp that’s blocked traffic in the Chinese financial hub for more than two months before authorities clear it out, a lawyer said Tuesday.
Authorities are set to move in after a court order authorized the removal of barricades, tents and other obstructions from the Admiralty district, site of the protesters’ main camp downtown, setting the stage for one last showdown with activists demanding greater democracy.
Workers will dismantle the protest camp starting at 9 a.m., said Paul Tse, a lawyer for the bus company that took out the injunction.
“What I would like to do now is to perhaps make a public plea to the students to stay away from the scene when there is plenty of time,” he told reporters, adding the company wanted to give protesters enough time to pack their belongings and leave the site.
He said the court order, which was published in newspapers Tuesday, would be posted at the Admiralty site in the afternoon.
About 3,000 police officers would be deployed for the operation, the South China Morning Post newspaper reported, citing unidentified police sources.
The student-led protesters have been occupying streets for 73 days to press their demands for greater democracy.
Another protest site in the rough-and-tumble Mong Kok neighborhood was shut down late last month by authorities enforcing a separate court order. The aggressive police operation sparked several nights of violent clashes in the neighborhood’s tight grid of streets, resulting in about 160 arrests.
The South China Morning Post said the third and smallest protest site, in the Causeway Bay district, is also expected to be dismantled Thursday, although it is not covered by any court order.
The semiautonomous Chinese city’s Beijing-backed leader, Leung Chun-ying, said officers would use “minimum force” in assisting court workers to shut the site down. Earlier this week he said they were expected to encounter “fierce resistance.”
Organizers said as many as 200,000 people joined the protests early on, but numbers have since dwindled and only dozens now remain at the Admiralty camp, next to city government headquarters.
Options are narrowing for the student protest leaders as the government maintains an apparent strategy of waiting them out.
The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the groups organizing the protests, said last week it’s mulling a retreat but has not yet made a decision. The group had earlier led a failed bid to surround the headquarters complex that resulted in a night of violent clashes in a desperate last-minute push to pressure the government over Beijing’s requirement to screen candidates in the inaugural 2017 election for the city’s top leader.
Joshua Wong, a teenager who has become the protest movement’s most prominent leader, abandoned a hunger strike on the weekend after nearly five days on doctor’s orders. Of the four continued…

FIFA World Cup  Ebola among Facebooks most discussed in 2014NEW YORK, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 19:42 IST
FIFA World Cup, Ebola among Facebook’s most discussed in 2014
AP
Tweet
AP
In this September 27, 2014 photo, Chas McKhann has ice water poured on himself during the Walla Walla Grand Ice Bucket Challenge in Walla Walla, Washisngton. From June 1 to September 1, 2014, Facebook users shared more than 17 million videos related to the Ice Bucket Challenge, a campaign designed to raise awareness and money for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, better known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease.
SLIDESHOW
social networking
Facebook’s list is a testament to its global reach, given that more than 80 per cent of Facebook users live outside the U.S. and Canada.
Day after day, Facebook captures our best and worst moments, from the birth of a new baby to heated political spats. So what got discussed the most in 2014? The Ice Bucket Challenge and the death of Robin Williams, to name a few.
The list Facebook released on Tuesday is a testament to its global reach, given that more than 80 per cent of Facebook users live outside the U.S. and Canada. Worldwide topics the World Cup soccer tournament and the Ebola outbreak occupied the top two spots. But No. 3 was the presidential election in Brazil. Facebook says some 48 million people had 674 million interactions status updates, photos, videos, comments and likes about the highly contested event. That made it the most talked-about election of 2014 even more than the congressional midterms in the U.S.
“At its best, social media makes the world a smaller place and builds community on a global level,” Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook’s chief operating officer, said in an interview.
SPORTS, SPORTS, SPORTS
Ms. Sandberg saw it fitting that the World Cup the world’s most widely watched sporting event was also the most widely discussed event this year. More than 350 million people had 3 billion interactions about the tournament.
“Historically, (the World Cup) has meant watching it from your TV, from a distance,” she said. “But Facebook and social media made it much more social and much more connected.”
After a back injury forced Brazil’s Neymar to miss the semifinal against Germany, the soccer star used Facebook to thank fans for their support and encourage his teammates. Brazil, of course, suffered a devastating 7-1 loss.
Dwarfed by soccer, the American football championship Super Bowl in the U.S. came in at No. 8, with more than 50 million people discussing the game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos. And if that’s not enough sports, the Sochi Winter Olympics squeaked by to make it to No. 10.
DOING GOOD?
From June 1 to September 1, Facebook users shared more than 17 million videos related to the Ice Bucket Challenge, a campaign designed to raise awareness and money for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, better known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg joined celebrities and everyday users alike to post videos of themselves getting dumped by ice water. All told, those videos were viewed 10 billion times by more than 440 million people. Former President George W. Bush had the most widely watched video, with more than 39 million views.
For Ms. Sandberg, the Ice Bucket Challenge marked an important milestone for Facebook with the explosion of video content on the site.
“I think the Ice Bucket Challenge was the first time a lot of people realised you could shoot a video and share it,” she said.
From July 29 to August 27, the ALS Association raised $94 million, compared with just $2.7 million a year earlier.
The Ebola outbreak was also on a lot of people’s minds this year, and Mr. Zuckerberg donated $25 million toward fighting the disease. Facebook also set up a donation button that made it easy for users to send money to charities. Facebook hasn’t said how much that effort raised.
SERIOUS STUFF
Think Facebook is all cute kittens and BuzzFeed lists? Well, that’s part of it, but there was also a lot of serious discussion on the site this year. People talked about the conflict in Gaza, the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 and the shooting of Michael Brown by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri.
By contrast, six of the 10 most searched-for terms on Yahoo this year were celebrities, such as Miley Cyrus and Kim Kardashian, showing that even as people talk about serious matters on social media, the information they search for can be a bit more low-brow.

China stocks crack  other Asian mkts take a diveChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1w5CoLkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ask an Expert: Turning a hobby into business
Following your passion can be a great way to make a living as long as you do it right.
Post to Facebook
Ask an Expert: Turning a hobby into business Following your passion can be a great way to make a living as long as you do it right. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CYYRyJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ask an Expert: Turning a hobby into business
Steve Strauss, for USA TODAY 9:12 a.m. EST December 8, 2014
Following your passion can be a great way to make a living as long as you do it right.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
320 CONNECT 29 TWEET 12 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Q: My New Year's resolution is to finally start my own business. I really love animals and am thinking that a pet store might be perfect for me. I would have to bootstrap it, but lot's of other people seem to be able to start their dream business, so why can't I? -- Taylor
A: Turning your passion into profit truly is one of the best things there is, but it's not always easy, and so the question is, how do you do so successfully?
To help answer your question, I sought out someone who has done just that. A couple of weeks ago, I caught an episode of NBC's 1St Look TV, featuring a segment on what it called "the world's best cheesecake,"
out of Seattle, Washington.
The world's best cheesecake? Now we're talking.
According to the NBC piece , Rusty's Cheesecake has won the prestigious "Seattle's Best Dessert" award two years in a row, and so it is no surprise that Rusty says he is on a "quest to bring the best cheesecake possible to the world." Having had a piece of that nirvana myself at a Seattle restaurant not long ago, I decided to get in touch with Rusty Federman and find out how his quest got started, and how it's going.
"My parents owned a deli when I was growing up, " Rusty told me, "and so I learned to make cheesecake when I was young, using my mom Esther's secret family recipe and then sharing them with family and friends."
Rusty grew up to become a serial entrepreneur, with all sorts of business successes under his belt (as it were), including, I learned, a brand of clothing I used to wear a lot called B.U.M. Equipment.
Like many businesses born of love, Rusty's Famous Cheesecake started out as a hobby, and at the same time, because it is something he is so passionate about, Rusty strived from the start to make the best product he could. "I worked to perfect my mom's recipe, and then expand on it. Ours is an ultra-premium product, all natural, and I will only use the best ingredients," he told me.
When I asked him how his business has received the accolades it has after being in business only a few years, Rusty explained that a lot of trial and error has gone into his cheesecakes. "Perfecting the recipe, bootstrapping the business, learning how to scale it, distribution, branding . . . it has all taken time and I had to be willing to make some mistakes along the way and learn from them."
Lucky for us, he has.
Rusty told me about the time that he realized that to scale the business required that he bake his cakes in bigger batches. So he locked himself in his bakery for a weekend and tried dozens of recipes out to finally find which combination would stand up.
And when I say "for the weekend", I mean for the weekend. One of the things that Rusty Federman has done right, right from the start, is keep his overhead low. "Buying or renting a full-blown kitchen is incredibly expensive," he explained, and so what he does instead is rent an industrial ,8,500 square foot kitchen during it's idle hours – from 5 pm to 5 am. "I'm a midnight baker," says Rusty.
That sort of creativity is the kind of lesson any would-be entrepreneur would be wise to emulate.
When I asked Rusty for other entrepreneurial lessons he has learned along the way, he shared these tasty morsels:
•         "It's important to have multiple channels for sales." Rusty is definitely preaching to the choir here as I have long advocated having multiple profit centers as the key to long-term sustainability for the small business. Rusty sells his cheesecakes wholesale, in retail markets, and in restaurants (branded, by the way, as "Rusty's Famous Cheesecake").
•         "You also need multiple products." Think Starbucks – how many combinations do they have? Rusty's cheesecakes come in 50 different flavors, and four different sizes.
•         "Create a dialogue with your customers and get feedback." Rusty's does this via social media. "It's a great way to both communicate and market our business inexpensively."
• And finally, "Be sure to align yourself with people who know more than you do."
So take it from our pal Rusty Federman: Following your passion can be a tasty way to make a living as long as you cook it up right.
Today's tip: One of the best advocates out there for American made products and manufacturing is actor John Ratzenberger, who not only of course played Cliff on Cheers, but is the only actor to be in every Pixar film (he's shooting Toy Story 4 right now.)
This year, John has teamed up with the Made in America Store to offer some great holiday gift boxes as a "way to bring attention to this critical issue of putting our country back to work, keeping manufacturing alive and buying domestic made merchandise." You can support this great cause, and buy some quality made in American-made products, by going here .
Steve Strauss, @Steve Strauss on Twitter, is a lawyer specializing in small business and entrepreneurship. E-mail Steve at: sstrauss@mrallbiz.com. His website is TheSelfEmployed .

CIL to e-auction surplus coal with evacuation constraintsCIL to e-auction surplus coal from mines with evacuation constraints
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 11:55 IST
Public sector behemoth Coal India has been asked to e-auction the surplus coal from its mines that have been facing evacuation constraints as supplies are being held back even as power plants are confronted with an acute shortage.
"Coal which is found surplus at the said mines (having serious evacuation constraints) after meeting the requirement ... shall be e-auctioned," the coal ministry has said in a letter sent to CIL . Under e-auction, coal is sold at spot market price.
"There has been a large accretion of coal during this peak production season at mines which have serious evacuation constraints," said the ministry. But this has to be made available to power plants which have signed fuel supply agreements (FSAs) on a priority basis as there is an acute shortage.
The ministry further said that at the beginning of each month-December-March-in the ongoing fiscal, CIL will notify on its portal and website of its subsidiaries, the quantity of coal likely to be surplus till month-end at mines facing evacuation constraints.
Requests will be invited simultaneously on the websites itself from the consumers of the following categories (power plants commissioned before 1.4.2009 having FSAs with the coal companies, power plants which have got commissioned after 1.4.2009 and which have FSAs) regarding the quantities of coal they can evacuate on their own till month end from the said mines, the ministry said.
The arrangement will be in place till next March, it added. The company was directed to limit e-auctioning of coal to 25 million tonnes (MT) this year from 57 MT. CIL, which accounts for more than 80 per cent of the domestic coal production, mined 462 MT coal last fiscal missing its target of 482 MT.

Oil prices sink on global growth concerns; hit sharesOil prices sink on global growth concerns; hit shares
Lisa Twaronite     Tokyo   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 11:58 IST
Oil prices have been under pressure amid a massive supply glut. (Photo: Reuters)
Oil prices resumed their fall on Wednesday, with Asian shares also pulling back as global growth concerns and political uncertainty in Greece prompted a flight to safety.
Brent crude prices dipped 1.3 per cent to US $65.98 a barrel, though it remained above a five-year low of US $65.29 touched on Tuesday. US crude prices in futures trade were down 1.4 per cent at US $62.96. Oil prices have been under pressure amid a massive supply glut, after OPEC decided against an output cut.
World markets have been buffeted in recent months on signs of weakening global growth, with a rout in oil prices in particular triggering a bout of volatility.
Investors could take no comfort from data showing China's annual consumer inflation eased to a five-year low of 1.4 per cent in November, signalling persistent weakness in the Chinese economy, which is the world's second-largest.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.5 per cent, while Japan's Nikkei stock average edged lower by 1.6 per cent.
"Market euphoria over the recent positive news is fading out for now as investors shift to risk-averse from risk-taking," said Hiroyuki Nakai, chief strategist at Tokai Tokyo Research Center.
A Japanese government survey released before the country's stock market opened showed big Japanese manufacturers grew less optimistic in October-December and see conditions worsening further in the following quarter, suggesting that the economy is slow to recover from a recession.
Adding to pressure on crude prices, the American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, reported a 4.4 million barrel build in crude stockpiles last week when analysts had predicted a drop.
European political woes added to the gloom. Greek shares and sovereign bond markets plunged after the government in Athens brought forward a presidential vote that heightened uncertainty over the country's transition out of its IMF/EU bailout.
"Volatility surged, most equity markets were routed and a number of consensus trades (were) shaken in London/New York," Sean Callow, a currency strategist at Westpac, said in a note. "US interest rates fell on safe-haven demand for Treasuries and the US dollar followed suit."
The yield on benchmark 10-year notes stood at 2.220 per cent in Asian trade, flat from its US close on Tuesday.
Among global currencies , the US dollar was down about 0.2 per cent on the day at 119.51 yen, after shedding more than 2 per cent at one point on Tuesday to trade as low as 117.90 yen. The American unit marked a seven-year high of 121.86 yen on Monday.
The euro was steady on the day at US $1.2374, while the dollar index, which tracks the Greenback against a basket of six currencies, was flat on the day at 88.702.
Chinese shares stabilised after a sharp sell-off on Tuesday dragged down global sentiment. The Shanghai Composite Index was up 0.4 per cent, after a rollercoaster session on Tuesday saw it mark a 3-1/2-year high before collapsing to lose more than 5 per cent.
China's official bond clearing house also rattled markets by tightening collateral rules. It excluded about 500 billion yuan (US $81 billion) worth of corporate bonds from being used for bond repurchase agreements.
On Wall Street overnight, major indexes ended lower, though the S&P 500 was nearly flat.
(Reuters)

Imran Khan booked under terrorism act after Faisalabad violenceBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:11 pm
Pakistan’s Opposition leader Imran Khan has been booked under terrorism act for allegedly inciting violence against Punjab’s former law minister Rana Sanaullah during a rally in Faisalabad.
The case was registered yesterday after Sanaullah said that Imran and other people incited the attack at his place
after a person was killed in clashes during the protest on Monday.
The case has also been registered against Pakistan Muslim League Awami chief Sheikh Rashid, Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) leaders Shah Mehmood Qureshi, Arif Alvi and Asad Umer as well as hundreds of unnamed protesters.
Sanaullah in his complaint has accused the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf of calling a strike in Faisalabad to create anarchy and instability and halting the country’s progress, Dawn reported.
He claimed that Imran and other leaders said they would attack and besiege “my house”. They had also asked their supporters to attack the residence.
The former minister claimed that 400 to 500 people had tried to attack his house but did not succeed because of the presence of his supporters.
He said police had made his statement part of the case and nominated the people he had mentioned in his application, the police said.
Violent clashes between workers of the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf and ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) in different areas of Faisalabad on Monday left activist Haq Nawaz dead and at least 17 people, including policemen, injured.
Imran and his party are protesting for alleged rigging in last year’s polls.

SC extends stay on execution of Mumbai blasts convict Yakub Memons deathsentenceWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:34 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 1:43 pm
The Supreme Court on Wednesday issued notices to CBI and Maharashtra government on a review petition by 1993 Mumbai blasts convict Yakub Abdul Razak Memon. The court also extended the stay on the execution of Memon’s death sentence till January 28, the next date of hearing.
The notices have been issued on a point of law relating to establishing charge of conspiracy against Memon.
Giving a fresh ray of hope for several death-row convicts including Memon, the Supreme Court had earlier this year ruled that their review petitions against the verdict upholding the death sentence will now be heard by a three-judges bench in open court.
A Constitution bench headed by then Chief Justice R M Lodha had said that all the death row convicts, whose review petitions have already been rejected but their sentence has not been executed, may file fresh petitions for an open court hearing of their review pleas within a month and they will be heard for at least half-an-hour.
However, in the cases, where the curative petition has already been decided, the death row convict will not have this opportunity to avail.
The constitution bench verdict came on a batch of petitions seeking that their plea for the recall of verdict upholding their death sentence should be heard in the open court by a three judges bench.
As of now the review plea of death row convicts were being considered by the judges in their chambers through circulation.
The constitution bench, in its verdict, had held that years spent behind bars during prolonged judicial proceedings cannot be a ground for converting death sentence to life imprisonment and review plea of the condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.
By its order, the court decided a batch of petitions, filed by eight death-row convicts, including Memon, convicted in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, and Red Fort Attack case convict Mohd Arif. While Arif’s curative petition has already been rejected, Memon has not exhausted this remedy.
The court had in June stayed the execution of Memon, who is the brother of Ibrahim Memon, better known as Tiger Memon, the alleged mastermind and the prime accused who is absconding in the blast case.
President Pranab Mukherjee had in April rejected the mercy petition of Memon and the decision was left to the Maharashtra government for fixing the execution date.
Memon is lodged in the high-security ward of Nagpur jail. In March last year, the SC had confirmed the death sentence awarded to Memon, holding him guilty of being the “driving spirit” behind the blasts that killed 257 people, while commuting the death sentence awarded to 10 others to life imprisonment till their death. The court had said that Memon’s “commanding position and the crime of utmost gravity” warranted capital punishment. Memon then moved a clemency petition before the continued…

Opposition attacks Centre on Agra religious conversions  Govt passes the buck to stategovtBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 2:03 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 9:54 pm
The opposition parties on Wednesday targeted the BJP and RSS in both Houses of Parliament over alleged forced conversion of 57 Muslim families in Agra and accused the government of following the Hindutva agenda, a charge rejected by BJP ministers.
Soon after Rajya Sabha met in the morning, BSP chief Mayawati raised the issue, saying the Bajrang Dal — an offshoot of RSS —indulged in forced conversions in Agra earlier this week. “Secularism is part of the Constitution… they are violating the basic tenets. BJP has a hand in it,” she said.
The BSP chief found immediate support from members of Congress, JD(U), Trinamool Congress and other opposition parties.
Minister of State for Parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said no party has a “monopoly” over secularism, and according to information available with the government, an FIR has been registered in connection with the matter.
Expressing shock over the issue, CPI’s D Raja said attempts were being made to impose the Hindutva agenda on everybody. “It’s a conscious attempt to impose the Hindutva agenda on everybody… The state government should take serious note and the (Union) Home Ministry must take serious note of this and they must act accordingly to uphold the basic values of the Constitution,” he said.
CPM’s Sitaram Yechury said the re-conversions were a ploy to vitiate the environment before Christmas. “This is clearly a ploy, a scheme, being worked out before Christmas. This is the dirtiest of vote-bank politics being played by the RSS and BJP. The RSS chief has gone on record to say that for the first time they have got control of the central government (and) so, will pursue their agenda of transforming the secular, democratic Indian republic into their version of a rabidly intolerant fascist nation. And that is what you see in practice,” Yechury said.
Congress’s Anand Sharma said that the government should be directed to give a satisfactory response. “This is a diabolic agenda of the BJP and RSS,” he said.
In the Lok Sabha, Trinamool Congress MP Sultan Ahmed and SP members raised the issue, as they sought Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s intervention.
At least 200 people from 57 families, mostly slum dwellers, were reportedly re-converted to Hinduism at a ceremony organised by Dharma Jagran cell of RSS and Bajrang Dal in the cantonment area of Agra on December 8.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu later told reporters that “conversion and reconversion, if forced, is wrong”. He said, “There should be no converion either through force or inducement.” He said the controversy was “an attempt to malign the government (at the Centre). It is an old card (of BJP’s opponents), which has failed in the past.” Law and order, he said, “is a state subject”, implying that the onus for taking any action, if needed, was on the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh.
Speaking at a party briefing, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said, “Most unfortunately continued…

1993 Mumbai blasts case: SC seeks Maharashtra STF  CBI s reply6
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday further stayed the execution of Yakub Abdul Razak Memon, lone death row convict in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, and sought responses from Maharashtra Special Task Force and CBI on his plea seeking review of death penalty awarded to him.
In an open court hearing, a three-judge bench, headed by Justice AR Dave, said the execution of Memon shall remain stayed during the pendency of his review petition against the imposition of death penalty and fixed the matter for further hearing on January 28, 2015.
"We are issuing notice," the bench, also comprising justices J Chelameswar and Kurian Joseph, said. The counsel appearing for Memon said that neither the trial court nor the apex court gave special reasons for sending him to gallows.
In an open court hearing, a three-judge bench, said the execution of Memon shall remain stayed during the pendency
#supreme court #yakub abdul razak memon #1993 mumbai serial blasts #maharashtra
"My entire conviction is based on retracted confessions of several co-accused," his lawyer said, adding, "the judgement under review does not talk about the fact and evidence that I took part in any terrorist activities". The lawyer also alleged that Memon was convicted and then sentenced to death by the special TADA court even before the entire judgement was delivered, hence, his conviction was not valid.
Earlier, the review petitions used to be decided in chambers, but later, the apex court had ruled that such pleas, if directed against the imposition of death penalty, would be heard in open court. The apex court had, on September 26, sought response from Maharashtra government and others on a plea of Memon that his review petition against the death penalty be heard in open court.
It had also stayed the execution of Memon. A constitution bench of the apex court had on June 2 held that years spent behind bars during prolonged judicial proceedings cannot be a ground for converting death sentence to life imprisonment and review plea of condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.
Taking a cue from the judgement by the constitution bench, Memon had said in his plea that according to the verdict, his review plea should be heard in an open court.
Memon is the third death row convict, after Nithari rapist-cum-serial killer Surinder Koli, who had approached the apex court seeking hearing of their respective review pleas in an open court.
0

Coal scam: ED set to register 17 new money laundering FIRsCoal scam: Enforcement Directorate set to register 17 new money laundering FIRs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 15:08 IST
Photo: Reuters
Widening its probe in the coal blocks allocation scam , the Enforcement Directorate (ED) is soon expected to register as many as 17 new criminal cases against firms spread in various parts of the country.
Sources said the agency has already scrutinised a number of documents and financial statements of these firms and it will soon register money laundering cases against them.
"Some information has been sought by the agency in this regard from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) which is also investigating the scam. Once all the information is shared between the two agencies, about 17 firms would be booked under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act", a senior official said.
ED has, till now, registered 16 cases under PMLA to probe these allocations even as it recently questioned former Minister of State for Coal Dasari Narayan Rao who has been named along with other private parties in a case.
The agency has also seized assets worth nearly Rs 200 crore as part of these investigations till now.
"Some more attachments of assets, including immovable properties and fixed deposits of those individuals and companies named in the ED FIRs, will be carried out soon", the official said.
The firms against whom the new money laundering cases would be registered are located in various states of the country like Jharkhand, Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra among others.
While the Supreme Court is monitoring the probe of both ED and CBI, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on blackmoney too is reviewing the overall investigations and coordination between the two central agencies in these cases.
The CBI has registered about 32 FIRs in the coal allocations case till now.

Philippines bus explosion: Death toll rises to 10  34 more criticallywoundedBy: Associated Press | Manila (phillipines) |
Posted: December 10, 2014 2:25 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 4:42 pm
The death toll from a suspected bomb explosion on a bus in the southern Philippines rose to at least 10 with another 34 people wounded, officials said on December 10.
The Rural Transit bus had picked up passengers, mostly students, and was passing near the main gate of Central Mindanao University in Maramag town in Bukidnon province on Tuesday night when the powerful blast sent shrapnel and debris flying through the vehicle, town safety officer Alejandro Navarro said.
The blast killed 10 passengers and wounded 34 others, many of them seriously, police said.
The suspected explosive, probably a mortar round concealed in a bag, went off in an overheard rack, and many passengers who were standing in the overcrowded bus were wounded in the head, Navarro said.
Investigators were trying to determine the type of blast and were searching for other possible explosives at the site in Maramag, about 860 kilometers (535 miles) southeast of Manila, police officer Rufina Bayarcal said.
Ralph Quilla, a 17-year-old student who was riding on the bus, said by cellphone that the explosion occurred at the back of the vehicle and wounded him in the arm.
“There was a loud explosion that filled the bus with smoke,” Quilla said from a hospital where he and other victims were taken for treatment. “I saw bloodied people and jumped out of a window.”
Muslim rebels and extortion gangs have been blamed for past bombings on buses in the country’s restive south.
The attacks have continued despite a state of high alert for military and police forces in the south because of sporadic bombings and other attacks by hard-line Muslim insurgents opposed to a new autonomy deal between the government and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, the largest Muslim rebel group in the country.

Committing suicide no longer an offence as MHA decides to delete Section 309 of IPCYou are here: Home > Collections > Provision
Attempting suicide no longer crime under IPC
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bihar government
(For years, the states have…)
NEW DELHI: The state will now have no power to forcibly take a fasting Iron Sharmila or Anna Hazare to hospital to stop them from giving up their life. An attempt to commit suicide is no longer an offence, with the home ministry deciding to delete the provision from the statute book.
"We welcome this step as the state has abused this provision to suppress the political struggle of Sharmila and arrest her wrongly many times over the last 15 years using this provision. There is no point criminalising an act of attempted suicide," Sharmila's associate Babloo Loitongbam told ET.
The Centre has taken this step despite concerns from some states that they would be handicapped from stopping persons who resort to threatening the government by sitting on fast until death or self immolation to press for their demands. The Delhi government even asked the Centre to create special statutory provisions for conferring powers on the police to prevent suicide attempts when it is done as a blackmail tactic.
For years, the states have been forcibly removing protestors like Irom Sharmila from fast-unto-death sites and moving them to hospitals on the grounds that their actions amounted to attempting suicide punishable under Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code. A person who survives an attempted suicide can be prosecuted under the section for up to a year's jail term. The move has the backing of 18 states and four Union Territories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jewellery stocks shine on D-street. gain upt...You are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Jewellery stocks gain upto 11% on reports gold curbs may be eased further
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.21PM IST
Tags:
Gitanjali Gems
(Jewellery stocks surged…)
NEW DELHI: Jewellery stocks surged upto 11% in intraday trade on Wednesday after news that the government might announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating so-called star trading houses to export 100 percent of their gold imports.
Gitanjali Gems rallied as much as 11.18 per cent while Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri was up 5.33 per cent in intraday trade. PC Jeweller surged 3.59 per cent, while Rajesh Exports and Titan Company were up 3.33 per cent and 1.37 per cent, respectively.
The government on November 28 had scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country in a surprise move that could cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into the world's second-biggest consumer of the metal after China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fishermen arrest: TN CM seeks PMs interventionA file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam.
TOPICS
conflict (general)
He sought the Prime Minister's "urgent intervention" to secure the immediate release of 38 Tamil Nadu fishermen being held in Sri Lankan jails.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam on Wednesday wrote yet another letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, urging to secure the immediate release of the 66 fishermen who were in the custody of the Sri Lankan authorities and 81 fishing boats, including the 28 fishermen and two fishing boats apprehended on Tuesday.
In his letter, Mr. Panneerselvam stated that the “unfortunate incident” had taken place immediately after the Legislative Assembly unanimously adopted a resolution on Friday, calling upon the Centre to secure the immediate release of 38 Tamil Nadu fishermen, being held in Sri Lankan jails, and take necessary action for the release of 79 seized fishing boats.
On Saturday last, Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary [K. Gnanadesikan] replied to Foreign Secretary [Sujatha Singh], stating that if the Sri Lankan authorities initiated the release of all the Tamil Nadu fishermen along with their fishing boats in Sri Lankan custody, the State government would also take necessary steps for the release of the Sri Lankan fishermen along with their fishing boats. “But, this latest episode of arrest of Tamil Nadu fishermen and their boats raises apprehensions about the true intention of the Sri Lankan government regarding the release of Tamil Nadu fishermen and their boats,” Mr. Panneerselvam said, requesting Mr. Modi’s “urgent intervention” for finding a long term solution to the issue that included the retrieval of Katchatheevu and sanction of the financial package of Rs.1,520 crore, as sought by the State government.  

NTPC inks Rs 3 000-crore loan agreements with banksNTPC inks loan agreements worth Rs 3,000 crore with banks
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 18:59 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
State-run power generator National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC)on Tuesday said it has signed two term loan agreements worth Rs 3,000 crore with banks towards financing capital expenditure.
In a statement in the national capital, the power giant said it has signed a term loan agreement for Rs 2,000 crore with HDFC Bank and a similar agreement for Rs 1,000 crore with Syndicate Bank .
Both loan agreements have a door-to-door tenor of 15 years, that designates the total period within which the amount borrowed has to be repaid.
NTPC expects to spend Rs 22,400 crore capital in the current fiscal. It had spent Rs 21,705 crore on capital expenditure last year.
The company is currently generating 43,128 MW of electricity and has drawn up a long-term plan to generate 128,000 MW by 2032.

CIA used threat to kill or sexually abuse family members of captives: Senate reportBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 10, 2014 10:27 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 11:50 am
The United States brutalized scores of terror suspects with interrogation tactics that turned secret CIA prisons into chambers of suffering and did nothing to make America safer after the September 11, 2001 attacks, Senate investigators concluded Tuesday.
The Senate Intelligence Committee’s torture report, years in the making, accused the CIA of misleading its political masters about what it was doing with its “black site” captives and deceiving Americans about the effectiveness of its techniques.
The report was the first public accounting of tactics employed after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, and it described far harsher actions than had been widely known.
Tactics included confinement to small boxes, weeks of sleep deprivation, simulated drowning, slapping and slamming, and threats to kill, harm or sexually abuse families of the captives.
President Barack Obama declared some of the past practices to be “brutal, and as I’ve said before, constituted torture in my mind. And that’s not who we are,” he told the Spanish-language TV network Telemundo in an interview.
President George W. Bush approved the program through a covert finding in 2002, but he wasn’t briefed by the CIA about the details until 2006. At that time Bush expressed discomfort with the “image of a detainee, chained to the ceiling, clothed in a diaper and forced to go to the bathroom on himself.”
The report produced revulsion among many, challenges to its veracity among some lawmakers and a sharp debate about whether it should have been released at all.
Republican Sen. John McCain, tortured in Vietnam as a prisoner of war, was out of step with some fellow Republicans in welcoming the report and endorsing its findings.
“We gave up much in the expectation that torture would make us safer,” he said in a Senate speech. “Too much.”
Five hundred pages were released, representing the executive summary and conclusions of a still-classified 6,700-page full investigation.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the Democratic committee chairman whose staff prepared the summary, branded the findings a stain on U.S. history.
“Under any common meaning of the term, CIA detainees were tortured,” she declared, commanding the Senate floor for an extended accounting of the techniques identified in the investigation.
The report catalogued the use of ice baths, death threats, shackling in the cold and much more. Three detainees faced the simulated drowning technique known as waterboarding. Many developed psychological problems.
But the “enhanced interrogation techniques” didn’t produce the results that really mattered, the report asserts in its most controversial conclusion. It cites CIA cables, emails and interview transcripts to rebut the central justification for torture – that it thwarted terror plots and saved American lives.
In a statement, CIA Director John Brennan said the agency made mistakes and has learned from them.
But he also asserted the coercive techniques “did produce intelligence that helped thwart attack plans, capture terrorists and save lives.”
The report, released after months of negotiations with the administration about what should be censored, was issued as U.S. embassies and military sites worldwide fortified security in case of an anti-American backlash.
Earlier this year, Feinstein accused the CIA of infiltrating Senate computer systems in a dispute over documents as relations between the investigators and the spy agency deteriorated, the issue still sensitive years after Obama ordered a halt to any such interrogation practices upon taking office.
After al-Qaida operative Abu Zubaydah was arrested in Pakistan in 2002, the CIA received permission to use waterboarding, sleep deprivation, close confinement and other techniques. Agency officials added unauthorized methods, the report says.
At least five men in CIA detention received “rectal rehydration,” a form of feeding through the rectum. The report found no medical necessity for the treatment.
At least three in captivity were told their families would suffer, with CIA officers threatening to harm their children, sexually abuse the mother of one man, and cut the throat of another man’s mother.
Zubaydah was held in a secret facility in Thailand, called “detention Site Green” in the report. Early on, with CIA officials believing he had information on an imminent plot, Zubaydah was left isolated for 47 days without questioning, the report says. Later, he was subjected to the panoply of techniques. He later suffered mental problems.
He wasn’t alone. In September 2002, at a facility referred to as COBALT_ the CIA’s “Salt Pit” in Afghanistan _ detainees were kept isolated and in darkness. Their cells had only a bucket for human waste.
Redha al-Najar, a former Osama bin Laden bodyguard, was the first prisoner there. CIA interrogators found that after a month of sleep deprivation, he was a “broken man.” But the treatment got worse, with officials lowering food rations, shackling him in the cold and giving him a diaper instead of toilet access.
Gul Rahman, a suspected extremist, received enhanced interrogation there in late 2002, shackled to a wall in his cell and forced to rest on a bare concrete floor in only a sweatshirt. The next day he was dead. A CIA review and autopsy found he died of hypothermia.
Justice Department investigations into that and another death of a CIA detainee resulted in no charges.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the Sept. 11 mastermind, received the waterboarding treatment 183 times. At one point, he was waterboarded for not confirming a “nuclear suitcase” plot the CIA later deemed a scam. Another time, his waterboarding produced a fabricated confession about recruiting black Muslims in Montana.
After reviewing 6 million agency documents, investigators said they could find no example of unique, life-saving intelligence gleaned from coercive techniques. The report claims to debunk the CIA’s assertion its practices led to bin Laden’s killing.

L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 2 008 croreL&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 2,008 crore
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 00:00 IST
L&T Construction, an arm of Larsen and Toubro has won orders worth Rs 2,008 crore, including two new international orders in November and December.
In a filing to the BSE, the firm said its power transmission and distribution business has secured new orders worth Rs 1,058 crore.
An international EPC order has been won from an Algerian transmission utility company - SONELGAZ - GRTE (National Society for Electricity and Gas). The order is for engineering, procurement, construction, testing and commissioning of 220/60 kV EHV substation at Bougzoul.
On the domestic front, the business bagged an order in Jammu & Kashmir from Power Grid Corporation of India for the supply and erection of transmission lines as part of tower packages 02 and 03.
The firm further said additional orders worth Rs 319 crore have been received for various transmission line and substation works of various ongoing jobs.
In the category of buildings and factories business, the firm has bagged orders worth Rs 920 crore.
L&T Construction has also won orders worth Rs 30 crore from various ongoing jobs of heavy civil infrastructure and water and renewable energy businesses.

Gold prices marginally up in futures trade on global cuesUpdate: Gold prices jump by Rs 650 on strong seasonal demand, global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 17:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices on Wednesday soared by Rs 650 to Rs 27,470 per ten gram in the bullion market in the national capital on strong seasonal demand and firm trends in overseas markets.
A fall in rupee value against the US dollar and increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing wedding season lifted prices of gold , bullion traders said.
A cheaper rupee makes gold imports costlier. The rupee was trading weak at 62.05 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market.
The precious metal's prices surged over US $28 to a six-week high of US $1,238.32 an ounce in New York on Tuesday as weakening of the Greenback and retreat in global stock markets raised demand for gold as an alternative investment.
On similar lines, silver prices also rose sharply by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg on increased off-take by industrial units and coin makers.
Silver prices climbed up by 5.2 per cent to US $17.12 an ounce in New York on Tuesday.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 650 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per ten grams respectively. It had gained Rs 170 on Tuesday.
Sovereign traded Rs 100 higher at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,815 to Rs 38,615 per kg. Silver coins shot up by Rs 1,000 to Rs 63,000 for buying and Rs 64,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Germany bans 80 drugs for insufficient trial...You are here: Home > Collections
Germany bans 80 generic drugs for insufficient trials by GVK
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 01.38PM IST
Tags:
Clinical trials
(The regulator said it had…)
BERLIN: Germany's drug regulator has banned the sale of 80 generic medicines with immediate effect on the grounds that their clinical trials conducted by India's pharmaceutical research company GVK Biosciences were "insufficient".
The Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices said yesterday it had ordered drug manufacturers , wholesale dealers, medical stores and other outlets not to sell or use these medicines any longer.
It also suspended the marketing authorisation given to the drugs concerned based on the data of clinical trials supplied by the Hyderabad-based contract research company.
The regulator said it had informed the drugs manufacturers about its decision on Monday and the ban on the sales of medicines came into effect yesterday.
Among the medicines affected by the ban are those for treating high blood pressure, depression, migraine, epilepsy and Parkinson's disease and they involved the products of 16 pharmaceutical companies.
Patients still using these medicines have been advised to consult their doctors.
In a press statement, the regulator said it did not expect its ban to cause any shortage of supplies as similar generic versions of these medicines by other manufacturers as well as their original branded versions are available in the market.
So far, it has no information about any health risks for patients, who have been using the banned medicines.
The regulator investigated the marketing authorisation of 176 medicines by 28 pharmaceutical companies after an inspection of GVK Biosciences' facility in Hyderabad revealed "substantial deficiencies" in carrying out the clinical trials of the generic medicines and in the validity of its data to support marketing authorisation applications, the statement said.
In view of these "serious and systematic deficiencies", the bio-equivalence studies carried by the Indian company to establish that the generic versions have the same effect on the human body as the original branded versions, cannot be accepted as a basis for marketing approval, the statement said.
Media reports said earlier that the European Union's drug regulator the European Medicines Agency (EMA) believes that GVK Biosciences has been systematically manipulating its studies carried out on behalf of European drug manufacturers.
It had raised concern over the reliability of the studies conducted at the GVK Biosciences facility between 2008 and 2013 and ordered a review of the marketing approvals based on the data provided by the company.
Among the 80 drugs banned by the watchdog, marketing authorisations were already withdrawn in the case of 17 medicines by five companies because the authorisation holders either asked for that or did not seek an extension, the statement said.
However, marketing authorisation of these drugs and the remaining 63 medicines by 11 companies will remain suspended until the authorisation holder submits the results of a new bio-equivalence study.
Marketing approval given to 96 medicines will remain valid, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consumer inflation likely fell to record low...You are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Consumer inflation likely fell to record low in November
Reuters Dec 10, 2014, 01.30PM IST
Tags:
Bank of Baroda
(Wholesale price inflation…)
BENGALURU: Indian consumer inflation probably fell to a record low in November, dragged down by falling food and fuel prices, while growth in core industries nudged factory output up in October, a Reuters poll showed.
The latest survey of 36 economists forecast that retail inflation cooled to an annual rate of 4.50 per cent from October's 5.52 per cent.
That would make it the lowest since the government started releasing the data in 2012. Official retail inflation data will be released on Friday.
Wholesale price inflation was forecast to slow to 1.41 per cent in November from 1.77 per cent in October, making a new five-year low. The data will be released on Dec. 15.
"Continued steep declines in food and fuel prices, as well as subdued core pressures, mean that consumer price inflation is likely to have dropped to a record low in November," wrote Shilan Shah, Capital Economics' India economist, in a note.
While expecting some acceleration in inflation during coming months, partly due to the unwinding of a favourable base effect, the Reserve Bank of India raised hopes at a policy review last week that it would cut interest rates once it becomes more sure that inflationary pressures are waning.
The Reuters poll also forecast that production at India's factories, mines and utilities rose an annual 2.80 per cent in October compared to 2.50 per cent in September.
Data last week showed annual infrastructure output , which accounts for more than a third of overall factory production, accelerated to a four-month high of 6.3 per cent in October.
The uptrend in industrial production will probably continue, according to a private survey earlier this month which showed strong demand meant factory activity expanded at its fastest pace in nearly two years in November.
The positive data suggests the economy may be gaining momentum after losing some steam in the July-September quarter.
"A recovery is certainly underway. Its sustainability depends critically on the continued efforts by the government to resolve the issues surrounding stalled projects," said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at Bank of Baroda .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jewellery stocks shine on D-Street; gain up to 11% on news gold curbs may be eased furtherYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Jewellery stocks gain upto 11% on reports gold curbs may be eased further
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.21PM IST
Tags:
Gitanjali Gems
(Jewellery stocks surged…)
NEW DELHI: Jewellery stocks surged upto 11% in intraday trade on Wednesday after news that the government might announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating so-called star trading houses to export 100 percent of their gold imports.
Gitanjali Gems rallied as much as 11.18 per cent while Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri was up 5.33 per cent in intraday trade. PC Jeweller surged 3.59 per cent, while Rajesh Exports and Titan Company were up 3.33 per cent and 1.37 per cent, respectively.
The government on November 28 had scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country in a surprise move that could cut smuggling and raise legal shipments into the world's second-biggest consumer of the metal after China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Cap to sell Yatra.com stake for Rs 500 crDec 10, 2014, 01.35 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Reliance Cap to sell Yatra.com stake for Rs 500 cr
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 per cent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance Cap to sell Yatra.com stake for Rs 500 cr
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 per cent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Post your opinion here
 
Looking to cash in on e-commerce boom,  Reliance Capital is all set to sell its 16 percent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore and is in talks with 2-3 international investors.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 percent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Sources said that Reliance Cap is in talks with 2-3 leading international investors to sell this 16 per cent stake for an estimated USD 80 million (about Rs 500 crore). The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: "We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value."
While the spokesperson did not give any further details, sources said that Reliance Cap aims to close the transaction in 4-6 weeks and the deal would put the total valuation of Yatra.com at around USD 500 million or about Rs 3,000 crore.
Other existing investors in Yatra.com, which has film star Salman Khan as one of its brand ambassadors, include Norwest Venture Partners (30 per cent), TV-18 group (10 per cent), Intel Cap (7 per cent) and Valliant Capital (10 per cent).
The management team has also got 6 percent ownership. Among these, TV-18 group is now majority owned by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries group.
In the fast-growing Indian online travel business, Yatra.com competes with Nasdaq-listed MakeMyTrip, which commands a market value of USD 1.2 billion. During the last fiscal 2013-14, MakeMyTrip is estimated to have clocked total transaction value of USD 1.38 billion on its platforms, as against USD 763 million by Yatra.
The operating income of MakeMyTrip and Yatra stood at USD 116 million and USD 51 million, respectively, for the year. Reliance Capital recently announced its plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments.
It also recently exited from day to day operations of its global film and media services business, by merging its global film and media services business with Prime Focus.
The deal created the world's largest media services power house, with an order pipeline of Rs 2,000 crore, over 5,500 employees and operations in the US, UK, Canada, China and Singapore, besides India.
Reliance MediaWorks and Prime Focus promoters infused fresh equity capital of Rs 120 crore each into Prime Focus. A number of international investors have recently pumped funds in Indian e-commerce or e-retail companies.
These include Singapore's state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings and asset management firm BlackRock along with other investors investing USD 100 million in Snapdeal. Besides, Japan's SoftBank also invested USD 627 million in Snapdeal.
Flipkart has also received as much as USD 1 billion in fresh capital from investors.
Rel Capital stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  12:54 hrs Reliance Capital was quoting at Rs 473.80, down Rs 5.25, or 1.1 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 668.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 304.55.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 17.55 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 27. The latest book value of the company is Rs 472.71 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.00.
RELATED NEWS

Hope to contain gross NPA below 5% this quarter: Andhra BkQ3 slippages will be lower than previous quarter
CVR Rajendran
CMD
Andhra Bank
The loan waiver announced by Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu in Andhra Pradesh is getting implemented today. The CM had few days ago announced that the government has decided to waive farm loans of up to Rs 1.50 lakh per family in the state as per TDP’s poll promises. The state government has finalised the list of beneficiaries after synchronising it with Aadhaar cards and ration cards to avoid loopholes.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CVR Rajendran, CMD of Andhra Bank , discusses the impact of the move.
Below is the transcript of CVR Rajendran’s interview with Sumaira Abidi & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Sumaira: Could you first take us through what is the exact quantum of exposure that you would have to this. I would imagine it would be the bulk of it and could you tell us how this would materially impact your bank?
A: We had about Rs 1,079 crore of agriculture loans which were taken as non-performing assets (NPA) in the first quarter of this current year. We have provided for Rs 383 crore by way of interest reversals as well as loan provisioning. A major chunk of it will get reversed during the current year because this loan reverse waiver scheme has come. Telangana has announced loan waivers sometime back so out of the loans outstanding 73 percent of the loans where repaid and had got renewed also and remaining 27 percent we are working on Telangana.
Andhra Pradesh today has announced their loan waiver and we have got Rs 5,000 crore for all the banks together and Andhra Bank got about Rs 587 crore in respect of 5.83 lakh farmers accounts. All those loan accounts up to Rs 50,000 will be fully paid so these accounts will get closed immediately and remaining amount up to Rs 1,50,000 loan amount we will get a 20 percent of it paid to the banks and remaining 80 percent is paid by way of bond to the borrowers or beneficiaries. So, with this 20 percent we have to get the remaining 80 percent from the farmers and renew the existing loan -- that is the formula.
Reema: Going ahead what will the NPA as well as the interest reversals look like for Andhra Bank in the coming quarter on the back of this development?
A: Going by the Telangana experience, 73 percent of the loans are already repaid. So, if that is repeated in Andhra also, 75 percent of the loans will be repaid by December itself that is what we are expecting. Out of that 1,079 crore of agriculture NPA account during the first quarter almost Rs 700 crore will be upgraded during the current quarter and may be about Rs 250-300 crore of interest reversal as well as provision reversal will take place. Most part of remaining amount should get renewed in the next quarter that is a fourth quarter and to that extent proportionately interest reversals will take place.
Reema: Then what will the NPAs look like in the coming quarter? Give us some idea for ballpark range.
A: NPA for the last quarter is 5.99 percent. We are hoping to contain it to below 5 percent during the current quarter we are working towards it.
Sumaira: The farmers for whom this loan waiver is effective would they be then classified henceforth as bad borrowers in the books of the banks or would they be at some point in the future be eligible to once again source loans from these banks?
A: All of them are eligible for fresh loans once they repay the old loan. That is what I was telling that in Telangana 73 percent of the farmers have repaid their original loan along with the government subsidy and they have got the new loans also sanctioned to them.
Sumaira: One of the concerns is that a lot of farmers who are even in a position to repay the loans wouldn’t now repay given that the loan waiver would become effective? 
A: In Andhra Pradesh, not every loan account is eligible for a loan waiver scheme. Andhra Pradesh government has announced only one loan per family which is eligible for the waiver scheme. If they have multiple loans in the family other loans have to be repaid in full by the farmers.
Fortunately the harvest season is fast approaching and farmers will have money so those who are eligible for the loan waiver will get the benefit those who are not eligible for the loan waiver will repay the original loan and get the new loan sanctioned by the bank. 
Most of them will come forward because our historical NPA in the agriculture is less than 2 percent for Andhra Bank. So the credit culture is maintained our NPAs which are around eight percent today should come down to two percent in the agriculture segment.
Reema: In the last quarter you had slippages of around Rs 1,000 crore as well as fresh restructured assets of 1,450 crore. In the December quarter will these two figures look better, slippages as well as fresh restructuring?
A: It should be much lesser than the last quarter. There are some accounts which are falling into NPA during the current quarter also but the quantum is much lesser when compared to the second quarter.
Reema: Any ballpark figure on slippages and fresh restructuring?
A: I don’t have exact numbers but it will be way below the last quarter’s numbers.
Sumaira: Going back to the AP loan waiver in the past the State Bank of India ( SBI ) chief has been quoted more then once, cautioning against loan waiver schemes. In fact as recently as November the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor himself has been quoted as saying that repeatedly loan waivers would distort credit pricing. Would you share any of these concerns and would you be worried that this would become more the norm rather than an exception.
A: All of us share the same concern. This kind of loan waivers definitely spoils the credit culture. However for this loan waiver scheme Andhra was having an excellent track record in the repayment of the loans. The loan waiver has delayed the process and many banks have lot of mounting NPAs during the current year because of the announcement of the loan waiver. 
So, as a banker we are always opposed to the loan waivers schemes and anyway, this loan waiver the government could arrive at a solution by paying 20 percent and making the farmers to pay the remaining amount and issuing bond to the farmers. So, for the first time a record is created the loan waiver is between the farmer and the government and nothing to do with the bank. That is a good thing that we have done during this loan waiver scheme.
Andhra Bank stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  12:54 hrs Andhra Bank was quoting at Rs 81.35, down Rs 0.35, or 0.43 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 110.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 53.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.53 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.46. The latest book value of the company is Rs 148.19 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.55.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex in green: top 20 stock bets; LIC Housing Fin @ life high  up 7%You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex, Nifty in green; top 20 intraday calls
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 03.40PM IST
Tags:
(Sensex bounced back in intraday…)
NEW DELHI: The Sensex bounced back after losing as much as 87 points earlier in the day.
The surge came after China's stock market saw a sharp rebound, gaining over 2% in intraday deals.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also bounced back from its intraday low and was trading near its crucial psychological level of 8350.
At 2:31 pm, the Sensex was at 27,837.89; up 40.88 points.
The Nifty was at 8,359.10; up 18.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3260 and a stop loss of Rs 3360
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2616
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 414.50
Jindal Steel & Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 144.90
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2505 and a stop loss of Rs 2601
Bharti Airtel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Voltas Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 257 and a stop loss of Rs 269
SKS Microfinance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1400 and a stop loss of Rs 1432
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2540 and a stop loss of Rs 2630
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prosecutors can appeal Pistorius acquittal  says JudgeBy: Associated Press | Johannesburg |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:10 pm
South African prosecutors can appeal double-amputee Olympian Oscar Pistorius’ acquittal on murder charges for killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, a judge ruled Wednesday.
Judge Thokozile Masipa announced the ruling in a Pretoria court, saying she was satisfied that chief prosecutor Gerrie Nel had raised “questions of law” that should be reviewed by the Supreme Court of Appeal.
“This might have a practical effect on the conviction,” Masipa said.
Nathi Mncube, the prosecution spokesman, said he hopes the appeal will be “expedited,” but acknowledged that the process can take a long time.
In arguing for an appeal, the prosecution said the judge — who in October found the Paralympic champion guilty of culpable homicide and gave him a five-year prison term — incorrectly interpreted a legal principle. Under that principle, a person should be found guilty of murder if he foresaw the possibility of a person dying because of his actions, and went ahead with those actions anyway.
“We’re happy,” Mncube told journalists after Masipa approved the appeal.
Pistorius could be released from prison into house arrest after 10 months but he now faces the prospect of a possible murder conviction. Once prosecutors appeal the conviction, the appeals court would review the case to determine if the verdict was appropriate.
Pistorius fatally shot Steenkamp, a model and budding reality TV star, in his home on Valentine’s Day last year. He said he thought a dangerous intruder was in the house; prosecutors allege he killed his girlfriend after an argument.

Opposition attacks Centre on Agra religious conversions  Govt passes the buck to state govtBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 2:03 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 9:54 pm
The opposition parties on Wednesday targeted the BJP and RSS in both Houses of Parliament over alleged forced conversion of 57 Muslim families in Agra and accused the government of following the Hindutva agenda, a charge rejected by BJP ministers.
Soon after Rajya Sabha met in the morning, BSP chief Mayawati raised the issue, saying the Bajrang Dal — an offshoot of RSS —indulged in forced conversions in Agra earlier this week. “Secularism is part of the Constitution… they are violating the basic tenets. BJP has a hand in it,” she said.
The BSP chief found immediate support from members of Congress, JD(U), Trinamool Congress and other opposition parties.
Minister of State for Parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said no party has a “monopoly” over secularism, and according to information available with the government, an FIR has been registered in connection with the matter.
Expressing shock over the issue, CPI’s D Raja said attempts were being made to impose the Hindutva agenda on everybody. “It’s a conscious attempt to impose the Hindutva agenda on everybody… The state government should take serious note and the (Union) Home Ministry must take serious note of this and they must act accordingly to uphold the basic values of the Constitution,” he said.
CPM’s Sitaram Yechury said the re-conversions were a ploy to vitiate the environment before Christmas. “This is clearly a ploy, a scheme, being worked out before Christmas. This is the dirtiest of vote-bank politics being played by the RSS and BJP. The RSS chief has gone on record to say that for the first time they have got control of the central government (and) so, will pursue their agenda of transforming the secular, democratic Indian republic into their version of a rabidly intolerant fascist nation. And that is what you see in practice,” Yechury said.
Congress’s Anand Sharma said that the government should be directed to give a satisfactory response. “This is a diabolic agenda of the BJP and RSS,” he said.
In the Lok Sabha, Trinamool Congress MP Sultan Ahmed and SP members raised the issue, as they sought Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s intervention.
At least 200 people from 57 families, mostly slum dwellers, were reportedly re-converted to Hinduism at a ceremony organised by Dharma Jagran cell of RSS and Bajrang Dal in the cantonment area of Agra on December 8.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu later told reporters that “conversion and reconversion, if forced, is wrong”. He said, “There should be no converion either through force or inducement.” He said the controversy was “an attempt to malign the government (at the Centre). It is an old card (of BJP’s opponents), which has failed in the past.” Law and order, he said, “is a state subject”, implying that the onus for taking any action, if needed, was on the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh.
Speaking at a party briefing, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said, “Most unfortunately continued…

MCX Goldguinea January contract gainsDec 10, 2014, 03.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Goldguinea January contract gains
Goldguinea prices on MCX were trading higher on Wednesday. MCX Goldguinea January contract was trading at Rs 21690 up Rs 37, or 0.17 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Goldguinea January contract gains
Goldguinea prices on MCX were trading higher on Wednesday. MCX Goldguinea January contract was trading at Rs 21690 up Rs 37, or 0.17 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 14:54 hrs MCX GOLDGUINEA December contract was trading at Rs 21500 up Rs 10, or 0.05 percent. The GOLDGUINEA rate touched an intraday high of Rs 21650 and an intraday low of Rs 21428. So far 1179 contracts have been traded. GOLDGUINEA prices have moved down Rs 1602, or 6.93 percent in the December series so far.
MCX GOLDGUINEA January contract was trading at Rs 21690 up Rs 37, or 0.17 percent. The GOLDGUINEA rate touched an intraday high of Rs 21789 and an intraday low of Rs 21589. So far 204 contracts have been traded. GOLDGUINEA prices have moved down Rs 251, or 1.14 percent in the January series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Acer back in smartphone game with Liquid Jade and Liquid E700Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 4:15 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:43 am
Acer is back with its smartphone portfolio in India, launching two budget phones exclusively on snapdeal.com. The company, popular for its computing devices, has launched the premium looking Liquid Jade and value for money Liquid E700 smartphones priced Rs 11,999 and Rs 16,999 respectively.
Allen Burnes, Acer Group’s Vice-President Smart Phones Business, said while the Liquid Jade will appeal to the elegant, beauty conscious and highly social user, the Liquid E700 is more suited to the business traveller who want to remain  connected round the clock.
The Acer Liquid Jade features a curved ergonomic body with a 5-inch HD Gorilla Glass 3 display. It runs Android 4.4 and has a 13 MP main camera with 0.3 second focus and F1.8 aperture. The phone runs on a Quad Core processor and 2 GB of RAM, besides 16 GB internal memory. The phone has a Dual SIM tray converts one slot to an expansion slot for MicroSD card.
The Acer Liquid E700 is aimed at the professional and has extremely long battery life, triple SIM capability and a Zero Air Gap screen. Equipped with a 3500 mAh battery, the E700 promises up to 24 hours of  talk time and 60 hours of standby time. The E700 has triple SIM capabilities, which means you can add a third sim just for data while travelling. It also comes with Android 4.4 (KitKat), a quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage and a MicroSD card slot for expandable storage.

Petrol  diesel prices should have come down: Kharge in LSLok Sabha
The Government came under attack in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday over levying additional excise duty on petrol and diesel with Congress, Left parties and TMC alleging that the move was aimed at denying the common man lower prices for his fuel.
Raising the issue during Zero Hour, Leader of the Congress Mallikarjun Kharge regretted that the easing of international prices of crude oil was being utilised by the government to offset its budgetary deficit, much to the detriment of the consumers.
Noting that prices of crude oil internationally have come down from 120 dollars to 65-70 dollars, he said the prices of petrol and diesel should have come down by Rs 3.25 per litre but the situation is being used to mop up Rs 15,000 crore to reduce budgetary deficit.
He regretted that the government is always quick to raise the prices of petroleum products if there is hike in global crude prices, does not lower the rates when the prices tumble.
The Left and TMC members immediately supported Kharge while N K Premchandran (RSP) objected to the government making the two hikes in excise duties without laying the notification before Parliament. “Parliament is being taken for granted,” he said.
Earlier in the day, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan rejected a notice of adjournment motion given by Congress and RSP to discuss the hike in excise duty on diesel and petrol.
She said though the issue raised by Mr. Kharge and Mr. Premchandran are important, they are not so urgent to disrupt the business of the day.

PVC units seek policy support to boost investmentUpdated: December 9, 2014 22:36 IST
PVC units seek policy support to boost investment
N. Anand
economy, business and finance
The overall domestic PVC production is estimated to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of about 6.6 per cent over the next five years.
The Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) manufacturers have urged the Centre to formulate a fiscal policy that help to attract investment into the sector.
PVC is one of the fastest growing sectors due to increased use in agriculture, construction, healthcare and food packaging sectors. While the demand has been growing in double-digit in the last few years, additions to capacity have been minimal, it is pointed out.
Until the year 2000, PVC capacity was equivalent to the overall demand, resulting in negligible imports. Thereafter, the demand was met entirely through imports.
Since 2001, the demand grew manifold. Following a mismatch in supply-demand, imports grew by a staggering 45 times.
According to industry sources,, the PVC consumption currently stands at around 2.3 million tonnes as against a production of 1.3 million tonnes. The industry has been witnessing a double-digit demand growth. And, the demand is estimated to touch 4.5 million tonnes by 2020.
The overall domestic PVC production is estimated to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of about 6.6 per cent over the next five years, and the growth in demand is seen to close to 11 per cent per annum.
By 2018, India’s import is expected to be about 50-60 per cent of PVC consumed, especially given the fact that it takes almost four-to-five years for a new plant to go on stream.
It is a moot point if India would be able to import such huge volumes, going forward. World over, only those countries that have adequate PVC resin capacity – China, the U.S., Korea, Germany, Taiwan, for example, have large processing capacities. In fact, while these countries actually have excess capacity available for export, India will end up with a capacity that is a very minor portion of its demand, said a representative of PVC firm.
Caustic soda
The other linked issue is the impact on the caustic soda industry. The caustic industry is heavily dependent on the vinyls’ industry. For every tonne of caustic soda produced, 0.92 tonnes of chlorine is turned out as a by-product. So, by making the environment conducive for PVC investments, it would have an indirect positive impact on the caustic industry, a top industry official said.
``So, it is up to the Centre to decide whether it wants the PVC industry to participate in the ‘Make in India’ campaign or not,” he pointed out.

Are lower rates making a differenceare lower rates making a difference
Labour Ministry working on Rs 1 000 employees pension for lifetimeThe great Indian sale
In some good cheer for formal sector workers, the government is considering a plan to provide them with a Rs 1,000 minimum monthly pension.
The labour ministry, which had in August this year, notified the minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 to subscribers of the Employees’ Pension Scheme who earn less than Rs 15,000 a month, now wants to provide the benefit in perpetuity.
“When it was notified, the benefit was limited to EPS subscribers only for the current fiscal. We are looking to provide the facility to members in perpetuity,” said a senior official familiar with the development.
The issue is expected to be discussed at a meeting of the Central Board of Trustees of the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) on December 19. The EPS is an affiliated scheme of the EPFO that is available to members who earn up to Rs 15,000 a month. Of the 24 per cent contribution deducted from a worker’s monthly basic pay for provident fund, 8.33 per cent was diverted to the EPS.
Sources said that the EPFO is also planning to amend the EPS to make it more viable. Further, valuation reports of the EPS will also be presented to the trustees that would give a better picture of the liabilities under the scheme and how well prepared it is to fund the burden of a Rs 1,000 monthly pension in perpetuity.
Started in 1995, the EPS provides benefits to over 28 lakh pensioners but is estimated to have a huge deficit.
To fund the higher pension for 2014-15, the Centre had to pitch in with an additional subsidy of Rs 1,217 crore. Meanwhile, the CBT will also consider a proposal to increase the EPFO’s limit for investment in private sector bonds to 15 per cent from the current 10 per cent, said the agenda for the meeting.
“In order to utilise the opportunity of earning best possible returns from the available pool of private sector companies it is proposed to increase the limit in private category up to 15 per cent from existing 10 per cent,” said the agenda.
With the adoption of the new pattern of investment from January 1, the retirement fund manager is permitted to invest in private sector category dual AAA rated banks term deposits that have fetched good returns.
TAGS: Personal Finance
More from personalfinance

Sadhvi Nirajan Jyoti watches as BJP hits back over TMC MPs rantBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:26 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 9:11 am
Her Ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon remark last week stalled Parliament, left her party red-faced and forced the Prime Minister to make statements in both Houses. On Tuesday, Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti watched with a wry smile as the BJP hit back in Lok Sabha, demanding an apology and threatening a censure motion against a TMC MP who sat glumly in his seat.
The BJP target was Kalyan Banerjee who had borrowed Jyoti’s colourful language — if not her remarks — to run down Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Lal Bahadur Shastri’s grandson Sidharth Nath Singh, the BJP in-charge of West Bengal, at meetings in the state.
Rising in the latter half of Zero Hour, S S Ahluwalia, BJP MP from Darjeeling, said a TMC member — he did not name Banerjee — had made vulgar remarks about Shastri and Modi. He said the MP was present in the House and should apologise for what he had said about Shastri, a prime minister who is still fondly remembered, especially for his Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan slogan.
Seizing the chance to attack bitter rival TMC, Mohammad Salim of the CPM backed Ahluwalia and recalled that Tapas Pal of the TMC too had made objectionable remarks earlier. Salim’s party colleague P K Sreemathi Teacher said no member should use such language inside or outside the House.
By then cries of “shame, shame” could be heard from the treasury benches. Aware the din was about him, Banerjee sank deeper in his seat. From her aisle seat across the well, Jyoti watched quietly, not joining the BJP chorus.
As Speaker Sumitra Mahajan tried to calm members, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu named Banerjee and said he should express regret on his own. He quoted Banerjee as saying that in 2019, people would slap Modi so hard that he would end up in a Gandhinagar lane from where he would never return.
According to Naidu, Banerjee also said Lal Bahadur Shastri would have never married had he known he would have such a grandson – the reference was to Sidharth Nath Singh. Infuriated, BJP MPs stood up and demanded that Banerjee apologise immediately. Naidu also reminded the TMC MP that Bengalis have great respect for culture and tradition. He said if the MP were to express regret, the House could carry on with its business.
But Banerjee did not relent. Speaker Mahajan intervened, saying real apology comes from within. Underlining that decency and decorum should be maintained inside and outside the House, she said, “You cannot order someone to express regret.”
Banerjee’s party colleague Saugata Roy came to his rescue and said the minister should not have named the member without giving notice. At this, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs, said if Banerjee were to remain adamant and not apologise, a censure motion would be brought against him.
With the BJP chorus now a din, the Speaker adjourned the House for lunch.

BJP s much-hyped entry changing J&K  boycott  politicsWritten by Bashaarat Masood | Tral/sopore |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:09 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 9:31 am
At Tral Payeen, men slowly trickle towards the polling booth. And as the voters from the minority Sikh community move towards the booth, the trickle changes into a stream of men. After two hours of polling, 86 votes had been polled at the polling station in Tral.
There are indications that the ground is shifting in the epicentre of Kashmir’s poll boycott politics and the reason is BJP’s much-hyped entry in the state. The turnout has gone up — Tral in south Kashmir and Sopore in north Kashmir — the two constituencies that saw less than a per cent turnout in Lok Sabha polls.
READ:  Four days after attack Uri villagers come out to vote
“There is a fear. The fear of BJP,” said Ghulam Mohammad Bhat (64). “We have been boycotting elections all these years. But this time people will come out, come out to vote. We have good population of Sikh community and the number of migrant voters is also substantial,” he said. “We fear if we don’t  vote, BJP may win this seat. Nobody wants that.”
Tral, a constituency in south Kashmir’s Pulwama district, has several thousand Sikh voters and total number of migrant voters is 1,445. The BJP has fielded a Sikh candidate hoping to swing the Sikh voters in their favour. In the parliamentary elections, less than a 1,000 votes had been polled here and a repeat of that would have meant an easy sail for the BJP. This time, the constituency polled 37 per cent votes.
READ:  In hope of development, many in Beerwah throw weight behind Omar
In north Kashmir, the turnout in Sopore too has seen an increase. The native town of Hurriyat chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani and a separatist stronghold, Sopore has a reputation of staying away from elections. On Tuesday, Sopore polled 30.29 per cent votes — showing an increase of more than 10 per cent from the 2008 assembly elections and 29 per cent increase from the parliamentary elections earlier this year. “There is a fear or that the fear has been created that BJP will come to power if people don’t vote,” said Nisar Ahmad Wani. “Many candidates who are contesting went door-to-door asking for votes. They said if we don’t vote it will help BJP.”
Though Sopore has around two thousand registered migrant voters, the BJP has not fielded a candidate from Sopore to help the candidate of Sajad Lone’s Peoples’ Conference. The BJP had its eyes on Sopore and was banking on a boycott to see PC candidate sail through with the help of migrant Pandit votes.

NDA government under fire from opposition over alleged forced conversion by RSS offshoot in AgraDec 10, 2014 at  12:51pm IST
NDA government under fire from opposition over alleged forced conversion by RSS offshoot in Agra
52
0
New Delhi: A major row has erupted over the alleged conversion of 100 Muslims in Agra by an offshoot of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). The Dharma Jagran cell of the RSS and Bajrang Dal have claimed that they have re-converted the people to Hinduism at a mass conversion ceremony. Most of the converts were reportedly slum dwellers from West Bengal.
The government which is already battling to face the opposition parties over controversial comments by its minister Niranjan Jyoti, is now under fire in Parliament over the conversion row. Political leaders in unison demanded a statement from Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the action.
Congress said that such incidents are a threat to the secular image of teh country. "Religious conversion on force is a criminal offense. If things continue this way there will be chaos in the country," Congress leader Manish Tiwari said.
#dharam jagran camp #rss #bjp #nda
Bahujan Samaj Part chief Mayawati also agreed with Congress saying that forced conversions will create communal stress in the society. "RSS and its various groups are involved in forced conversion. BJP is behind all such acts. What is the government doing on this," Mayawati said demanding an answer.
CPI leader Sitaram Yechuri also requested for an assurance from Rajya Sabha Chairperson to the people that the Constitution of India will be respected.
"The government is formed by taking oath on the Constitution and if they do not abide by it, there are proper means to take up the matter in the house," Rajya Sabha Chairperson said.
Meanwhile, the government termed it as a voluntary re-conversion. "I don't think religion conversion was done forcefully, they willingly converted, this is what I got to know," MoS HRD Ram Shankar Katheria said.
BJP's prominent Muslim face and minister of state, Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi added that the government is committed to secularism and siad that name of parties should not be taken in such a case.
However, a woman who had attended the Dharam Jagran camp said that they had no idea that they will be converted. "We did not know anything about it, We were forced to convert from our religion. We were promised that our identification cards will be made. We were just asked to dress properly, men were asked to wear topi. We did not know anything about it," a woman said.
45

Google Chromecast now available in India at Rs 2 999Dec 10, 2014 at 11:15am IST
Google Chromecast now available in India at Rs 2,999
31
0
New Delhi: The much-awaited Google Chromecast, which connects to an HDTV via the HDMI port and lets users stream content from their phones, tablets or laptops to their TV, is now available in India at a price of Rs 2,999. The Chromecast dongle that goes on sale starting December 10 is exclusively available on e-commerce website Snapdeal.com .
Google India has partnered with Airtel and Snapdeal.com to bring the Chromecast to India, tweeted Rajan Anandan, VP & managing director, Google India.
The company has chosen the Great Online Shopping Festival event (GODF), that takes place from December 10-12, to launch the Chromecast in the Indian market.
With the 2-inch Chromecast device, you can bring content from your different devices on to your TV.
#google #google chromecast #dongle #internet
With the 2-inch Chromecast device you can bring content from your different devices on to your TV. Users need to plug in the dongle to their high-definition (HD) TV and it allows them to use their phone, tablet or laptop to 'cast' online content to their TV screens.
With Chromecast you can use your phone, tablet or laptop to browse and cast content to your TV, play and pause, control the volume. With the content streaming, you can also multitask - send emails or surf the web - while seeing what is on the TV screen.
The GOSF will see 450 partners offering their best deals for 72 hours this year, Google said in a statement.
Focussing on the first time buyers, gosf.in will feature a special section of Rs 299 with heavily discounted products with free shipping and cash on delivery option. The section will feature products and offers from brands like Philips, Uber, JBL, Benetton, Alia Bhatt collection and EverPure water purifier.
"Great Online shopping festival is India's version of cyber Monday and is an exciting platform to move the industry forward," said Anandan.
The consumer confidence to shop online has grown considerably in the last 12 months, boosting the growth of both large multinational and homegrown companies, he added.
Google India has partnered Aditya Birla Money My Universe as a preferred partner for this year's event. The initiative was launched by Google in 2012, and has seen tremendous response with most players seeing over 350 per cent growth in daily sales.
— Rajan Anandan (@RajanAnandan) December 9, 2014
4

You can now  visit  Burj Khalifa  the world s tallest building  on your browserDec 10, 2014 at  11:05am IST
You can now 'visit' Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest building, on your browser
53
3
Armchair travellers can visit the world's tallest skyscraper and inspect one of the largest shopping malls with the addition of Dubai to Google Street View, Google said on Tuesday.
The online pictorial map of the city - the first from the United Arab Emirates to appear on Google Street View - allows users to navigate through several levels of the 830 metre (2,722 feet) tall Burj Khalifa skyscraper in downtown Dubai, including an observation deck near the top of the building.
Google Street View also provides an inside look at the Dubai Mall and provides other views of the city's pedestrian walkways, highways, skyscrapers, beaches and Dubai Creek, where dhows are shown docked at the pier.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Reliance Capital to sell entire 16% stake in Yatra.comReliance Capital to sell 16 per cent stake in Yatra.com for Rs 500 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 13:48 IST
Reliance Capital is in talks with 2-3 international investors to sell its 16 per cent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore.
The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group company, which had acquired the stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: "We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value."
While the spokesperson did not give any further details, sources said that Reliance Cap aims to close the transaction in 4-6 weeks and the deal would put the total valuation of Yatra.com at around $500 million or about Rs 3,000 crore.
Other existing investors in Yatra.com, which has film star Salman Khan as one of its brand ambassadors, include Norwest Venture Partners (30 per cent), TV18 group (10 per cent), Intel Cap (7 per cent) and Valliant Capital (10 per cent).
The management team has also got 6 per cent ownership. Among these, TV18 group is now majority owned by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries group.
In the fast-growing Indian online travel business, Yatra.com competes with Nasdaq-listed MakeMyTrip, which commands a market value of $1.2 billion.
During 2013-14, MakeMyTrip is estimated to have clocked total transaction value of $1.38 billion on its platforms, against $763 million by Yatra. For the year, the operating income of MakeMyTrip and Yatra stood at $116 million and $51 million, respectively.
Reliance Capital recently announced its plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments. It is banking on international investors evincing interest in the Indian e-commerce space of late to complete the deal.
Singapore's state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings and asset management firm BlackRock along with other investors recently invested $100 million in Snapdeal. Japan's SoftBank also invested $627 million in the e-tailer. Homegrown online marketplace Flipkart has also received as much as $1 billion in fresh capital from investors.

Agra conversion that Muslims say wasnt rocks Parliament; BSP  Congress target BJPComments
The alleged forced conversion of around 300 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra triggered an uproar in Parliament and drew widespread condemnation from Islamic organisations on Wednesday, prompting Uttar Pradesh police to sound a state-wide alert over similar events lined up this month.
Members of the Muslim community stage a protest against alleged forced conversion of 300 people, in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, on Wednesday. (Raju Tomar/ HT Photo)
Muslim groups staged protests and called for protection of vulnerable members of the community on a day clerics across the state decided to discuss the issue during Friday prayers.
The camp -- masked as "ghar wapsi" or homecoming of Hindus who had apparently switched to other religions in the past -- raised a storm when 57 Muslim families, mostly poor migrants from Bihar and Bengal living in a colony on the outskirts of Agra, said on Tuesday they were tricked into a conversion ceremony hosted jointly by the Dharma Jagaran Manch and the Bajrang Dal the day before with the promise to offer them BPL and ration cards.
They refuted the two hard-line Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) affiliates' claim that these people came and embraced Hinduism on their own volition.
Haji Jamiluddin Qureshi, president of the Rashtriya Sarvdaliya Muslim Action Committee, sought stern action against Bajrang Dal activists involved in the incident.
"It was a planned exercise targeting poor Muslims, who were lured in the name of ration cards and water supply. Armed Bajrang Dal activists surrounded the venue, leaving no scope for the Muslims to leave. Later, they spread the lie that the people had converted."
In Parliament, the Opposition demanded a response from the government in both Houses, saying religious conversions by force and by allurement is a criminal offence.
"They (Muslims) were lured. They (Bajrang Dal) took advantage of their poverty to convert them. If it is not stopped, it will cause communal tension in the whole country. The government must take strict action," said Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati.
Members from the Congress, Left, Trinamool Congress and the Samajwadi Party echoed her sentiments and shouted 'Pradhan Mantri Jawab Do (Prime Minister reply)'.
      
Outside Parliament, CPI's D Raja alleged that attempts were being made to impose the Hindutva agenda on everybody.
      
CPI (M) leader Sitaram Yechury said this was the dirtiest of vote-bank politics being played by the RSS and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), while former Union minister and Congress leader Veerappa Moily called the move "anti-national".
The event organised by Hindu groups in Agra which claimed to convert Muslims. (HT Photo)
Agra conversion row: Muslim groups demand action and protection
The RSS dismissed the row as an unnecessary fuss. “There are people who switched religion for different reasons. Many of them want to return home now. What is wrong in it?” asked RSS publicity chief Manmohan Vaidya.
Responding to the attack by the Opposition that demanded the intervention PM Narendra Modi, the government washed its hands off the issue, saying it had no role and that law and order is a state subject.
Leaders of the ruling BJP claimed the reconversion was voluntary and it was not forcibly done.
However, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the government was committed to the country's secular ideals. "I want to clarify that we are as dedicated to harmony and secularism as anyone else. As far as this incident is concerned, an FIR has been registered. Naming a particular organisation for political reasons is not right."
He was referring to cases being registered at Sadar police station in Agra on Tuesday night.
The Dharam Jagaran Manch was unfazed by the FIR drawn against its state convenor Kishore Valmiki and other activists, based on a complaint by one of those who attended the conversion event.
The case has been registered under Section 153(A) of the Indian Penal Code, which pertains to any act of promoting enmity between different groups on the basis of religion and carries a punishment of three years in jail if found guilty. Section 415 (using fraudulent means) was also slapped on the organisation.
"Suitable action will follow," said senior superintendent of police Shalabh Mathur.
The din over the controversial religious conversion follows an announcement by the Hindu Yuva Vahini to "reconvert" over 2,000 people in a huge programme at communally-sensitive Ghazipur in eastern Uttar Pradesh on December 18.
"We have permission from the administration," said Sunil Singh, state president of the outfit floated by Yogi Adityanath, the firebrand BJP MP for Gorakhpur.
Singh denied reports that conversion functions were held at Gorakhpur's Gorakhnath temple, where Adityanath is the head priest. The shrine has often been rumoured to be behind such exercises for many years.
The Dharma Jagaran Manch, too, has planned a programme in Aligarh that Adityanath is supposed to attend. "We will go ahead with our plan in Aligarh on Christmas. Nearly 5,000 Christians and Muslims will embrace Hinduism," said Rajeshwar Singh, the organisation's regional head, undeterred by the fact that a case has been filed for the Agra function.
The scheduled events prompted police to sound a statewide alert and beef up security in sensitive areas. "The superintendents of police of all the districts have been directed to remain vigilant and monitor the activities of organisations involved in conversion programmes. The police cannot stop a person from choosing a religion or adopting another religion, (but) if there is a complaint of forcible conversion, the police will act against the organisation concerned," said Mukul Goel, the additional director general of police (law and order).
In Muslim-majority Kashmir, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) condemned the alleged forcible conversion of Muslims in Uttar Pradesh. "The way the Sangh Parivar and its front organisations like the RSS and the Bajrang Dal are aiming to change the demographic picture of the country is extremely alarming," said senior party leader Hameed Karra in Hazratbal.
"The Sangh Parivar is apparently in a hurry and is taking advantage of the BJP's ascendance to power to convert India into a Hindu Rashtra (Hindu nation), an objective that would be resisted by all right-thinking people in the country."
The constitution guarantees the freedom to practise and profess any faith but several states have laws restricting or regulating religious conversations that vary in their interpretation of what constitutes conversion and the punishment for breaking the law. For instance, the Gujarat Freedom of Religion Act says a person seeking to convert to another religion must first get permission from the district magistrate to do so, failing which one could be jailed for up to three years.
(With inputs from agencies and HT correspondents in Delhi, Gorakhpur and Lucknow)

Sensex sees marginal gains; Midcap up 1%  sugar stocks jumpDec 10, 2014, 03.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends above 8350, Sensex flat; SBI up 3%, BHEL falls
SBI gained 3.5 percent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends above 8350, Sensex flat; SBI up 3%, BHEL falls
SBI gained 3.5 percent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market close
After a volatile day of trade, the market ended on a flat note. The Sensex ended up 34.09 points at 27831.10, and the Nifty was up 14.95 points at 8355.65. About 1681 shares have advanced, 1255 shares declined, and 110 shares are unchanged.
SBI gained 3.5 percent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
03:15 pm Gold & silver check
Gold prices today soared by Rs 650 to Rs 27,470 per ten gram in the bullion market here on strong seasonal demand and firm trends in global markets. Silver also rose sharply by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
A fall in rupee value against the US dollar and increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing wedding season lifted prices of the precious metal, bullion traders said. A cheaper rupee makes imports of the metal costlier. The rupee was trading weak at 62.05 against the US dollar at the forex market.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 650 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per ten grams respectively. It had gained Rs 170 yesterday. Sovereign traded Rs 100 higher at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Don't miss: Softening commodity prices: Which stocks to bet on now?
03:00pm Coal linkage rationalisation soon
The government could soon finalise the proposal for coal linkage rationalisation and swapping arrangements of about 40 thermal power projects, a move that is expected to save up to Rs 6,000 crore in logistics cost.
The proposal includes swapping agreements for power projects of companies including Adani Power, Indiabulls Power and NTPC, among others.
The Inter Ministerial Task Force (IMTF), which was formed to undertake a comprehensive review of existing coal sources and consider feasibility for rationalisation of linkages, has approved coal linkage rationalisation for 18-20 thermal power plants, according to sources.
IMTF comprises officials from the Ministries of Power, Coal, Railways and the Central Electricity Authority.
Sources said, consultancy firm KPMG has listed out 20 proposals for the coal swapping arrangements.
02:45pm Reliance Capital in Focus
Looking to cash in on e-commerce boom, Reliance Capital is all set to sell its 16 percent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore and is in talks with 2-3 international investors.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 percent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Sources said that Reliance Cap is in talks with 2-3 leading international investors to sell this 16 per cent stake for an estimated USD 80 million (about Rs 500 crore). The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained, reports PTI.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: "We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value."
02:30pm Jewellery stocks in News
Shares in gold companies are trading higher. India will announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating star trading houses export 100 percent of gold imports, sources told Reuters.
The proposed changes will give companies more flexibility amid global price fluctuations - traders say.
Titan Company gained 2.5 percent, Gitanjali Gems surged 7.98 percent and Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri is up 4.1 percent.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained choppy in afternoon trade today, exhibiting resilience as the Nifty maintained its head above 8350 despite global volatility while the broader markets outperformed.
The BSE Sensex rose 89.08 points to 27886.09 and the Nifty climbed 26.40 points to 8367.10 while the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 1 percent each. About 1615 shares have advanced while 1121 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Jim Walker of Asianomics says the Chinese economy is slowing down rapidly and is growing at 5-6 percent, which is nowhere close to 7 percent forecasted earlier. He expects the growth to slowdown to 3-4 percent in 2015.
Talking about China, the Shanghai closed in the green, bouncing back in late trade after falling initially. The economic data continued to be weak as China November consumer inflation eased to 5-year low of 1.4 percent stoking expectations that Beijing will move more aggressively to head off the risk of deflation in a slowing economy.
Sugar stocks like Bajaj Hindusthan, Shree Renuka Sugars, Balrampur Chini, Triveni Engineering, Dhampur Sugar and Sakthi Sugars saw huge buying interest, jumping 4-9 percent.
Tata Power topped the buying list, up 2.6 percent after the company decided to acquire Ideal Energy Projects in Maharashtra. Ideal Energy owns 540 MW thermal power project in Nagpur; hence Tata Power said its generating capacity will increase to 8,885 MW.
The select panel on insurance recommended a composite cap of 49 percent on all forms of FDI and FPI, saying term 'control' must be defined in the Insurance Act in the report tabled in the Rajya Sabha today.
The rupee weakened for the third straight session today, trading at 62 to the dollar versus a close of 61.88 yesterday tracking weak Aasian and local equities.
13:00
SBI gains 2%, FMCG drags; BSE Sensex, Nifty sluggish
Bank stocks are lending major support to the indices. SBI is up over 2 percent while Tata Power, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite and Cipla are major gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Bajaj Auto, Sun Pharma, HUL, ITC and GAIL.

Nudity  waterboarding  insects: CIA s cruel interrogation methodsprint
Sleep deprivation for over a week, beatings, shackling, and waterboarding - a grim litany of the cruel methods used by the Bush-era CIA to interrogate al Qaeda terror suspects was exposed in a report on Tuesday.
The shocking report released by the US Senate found that the techniques employed by the Central Intelligence Agency were "far more brutal" than the spy agency had previously admitted to.
Al Qaeda and Taliban detainees in orange jumpsuits sit in a holding area under the surveillence of US military police at Camp X-Ray at Naval Base Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (AFP Photo)
It was drawn up over several years by the Senate intelligence committee, which revealed such techniques were applied with "significant repetition for days or weeks at a time" on prisoners rounded up in the "war on terror" launched after the 2001 terror attacks on the United States.
The worst treatment was meted out at a secret CIA detention site dubbed COBALT where "unauthorized" interrogation techniques were used in 2002.
Slaps and 'wallings'
Beginning with the CIA's first high-value al Qaeda detainee Abu Zubaydah, suspects were routinely slammed against a wall by their interrogators and hit with rolled-up towels.
Facial slaps, or "insults," as well as stomach punches were also used.
The interrogators also used "attention grasps" in which the prisoner is grabbed with both hands, one on each side of the collar and pulled towards the interrogator.
Sleep deprivation
 
This involved keeping detainees awake for up to 180 hours, or more than a week, usually standing or in stress positions, sometimes with their hands shackled above their heads, chained to the ceiling.
Abu Zubaydah was kept in an all-white room that was lit 24 hours a day. Or he was kept awake by non-stop questioning.
At least five detainees suffered "disturbing hallucinations" but in at least two cases the CIA continued with the interrogation method.
Confinement and isolation
Over 20 days, Abu Zubaydah spent 266 hours (11 days, 2 hours) in a large coffin-size box, and 29 hours in an even smaller one during his interrogation at what was dubbed Detention Site Green.
In the COBALT facility, dubbed a "dungeon" by the chief of interrogations, prisoners were kept in complete darkness, often shackled with their hands above their heads and mainly nude.
They were bombarded with loud music and noise and given a bucket as a toilet. In 2002 a prisoner who had been partially nude and chained to a concrete floor died of suspected hypothermia.
Ice water baths or showers were also used to try to break suspects.
Some detainees were also forced to wear diapers, although guidelines said they could not be left on longer than 72 hours.
'Rough takedowns'
This was used at the COBALT facility. About five CIA agents would scream at a detainee, drag him outside his cell, cut his clothes off and wrap him in duct tape.
He would then be hooded and dragged up and down a dirt hallway while being slapped and punched.
After his death at the COBALT site, Gul Rahman was found to have been covered with bruises and abrasions on his shoulders, pelvis, arms, legs and face.
Nudity
Prisoners were often stripped and left nude in their cells. Zubaydah was kept naked but given a towel to cover himself during interrogations. Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, the alleged mastermind of the 2000 attack on the USS Cole, was often naked during his grillings. But at one point he was given clothes when he was wracked by shivering due to a head-cold.
Psychological threats
CIA officers regularly threatened the detainees. One was told he would only leave the facility in "a coffin-shaped box."
At least three detainees were told the CIA would hurt their families, including their children.
There was a threat to sexually abuse the mother of one, while another was told his mother's throat would be cut. The methods were supposed to ensure prisoners developed a sense of "Learned helplessness."
Nashiri was blindfolded and a pistol was placed near his head, while a CIA officer also operated a cordless drill near his body in a macabre game of Russian roulette.
Forced rectal feeding
At least five prisoners were subjected to "rectal rehydration or rectal feeding without documented medical necessity," the report said.
Other detainees were given a liquid diet of protein drinks known as Ensure "as a means of limiting vomiting during waterboarding."
Waterboarding
In this technique of previously described "near drownings," the detainee was bound to an inclined bench with his feet usually raised.
A cloth is placed over the forehead and eyes and water is then poured in a controlled way onto the clothing. The cloth is then lowered over the nose and mouth.
Once the cloth is saturated, the prisoner's flow of air is restricted for up to 40 seconds while the cloth is left in place over the nose and mouth.
The self-confessed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, is known to have been waterboarded 183 times.
Combination of file photos of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, alleged organiser of the September 11, 2001 attacks. (AFP Photo)
In March 2003 he was subjected to five waterboard sessions over 25 hours.
"The waterboarding technique was physically harmful, inducing convulsions and vomiting," the report said.
Insects
In July 2002, the attorney general verbally approved putting Zubaydah in a box with an non-stinging insect because he is afraid of them. It was not clear from Tuesday's summary though if this technique was actually used.
Spy agency faces backlash
US President Barack Obama declared some of the past practices to be "brutal, and as I've said before, constituted torture in my mind. And that's not who we are," he told the Spanish-language TV network Telemundo in an interview.
Obama said releasing the report was important "so that we can account for it, so that people understand precisely why I banned these practices as one of the first acts I took when I came into office, and hopefully make sure that we don't make those mistakes again."
Republican Senator John McCain, tortured in Vietnam as a prisoner of war, was out of step with some fellow Republicans in welcoming the report and endorsing its findings.
"We gave up much in the expectation that torture would make us safer," he said in a Senate speech. "Too much."
Five hundred pages were released, representing the executive summary and conclusions of a still-classified 6,700-page full investigation.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the Democratic committee chairman whose staff prepared the summary, branded the findings a stain on US history.
"Under any common meaning of the term, CIA detainees were tortured," she declared, commanding the Senate floor for an extended accounting of the techniques identified in the investigation.
Protestors call for the closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility infamous for cruel forms of torture practiced on detainees. (AFP Photo)
In a statement, CIA Director John Brennan said the agency made mistakes and has learned from them.
But he also asserted the coercive techniques "did produce intelligence that helped thwart attack plans, capture terrorists and save lives."
In Geneva, the United Nations' special rapporteur on human rights and counter-terrorism, Ben Emmerson, said, the report confirms "that there was a clear policy orchestrated at a high level within the Bush administration, which allowed to commit systematic crimes and gross violations of international human rights law."
He said international law prohibits the granting of immunity to public officials who have engaged in acts of torture, including both the actual perpetrators and senior government officials who authorized the policies. "The individuals responsible for the criminal conspiracy revealed in today's report must be brought to justice, and face criminal penalties commensurate with the gravity of their crimes."
The report, released after months of negotiations with the administration about what should be censored, was issued as US embassies and military sites worldwide strengthened security in case of an anti-American backlash.
The US embassies in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Thailand warned of the potential for anti-American protests and violence after the release of the Senate report. The embassies also advised Americans in the three countries to take appropriate safety precautions, including avoiding demonstrations.

Central government decriminalises attempt to commit suicide  gets support of 18 states  4 UTsDec 10, 2014 at  05:00pm IST
Central government to decriminalise attempt to commit suicide, gets support of 18 states, 4 UTs
7
3
New Delhi: In a landmark decision by the Central government, the Home Ministry has informed Parliament that attempt to suicide will no longer be treated as a criminal offence.
The Home Ministry informed Parliament that the government has decided to delete section 309 of the Indian Penal Code which criminalises attempt to suicide. The Centre also said that 18 states and four union territories have supported  deleting Sec 309.
The move was recommended by the Law Commission along with amendment of certain other sections of the CrPC and IPC in consultation with all stake holders. The Law Commission in its recommendation had said that section 309 needs to be effaced from the statute book because the provision is inhuman, irrespective of whether it is constitutional or unconstitutional.
#tracking the modi government #parliament #winter session #suicide
The repeal of the anachronistic law contained in section 309 of the Indian Penal Code would save many lives and relieve the distressed of his suffering, it had said.
In a series of tweets the MHA has informed that 18 States and four Union Territory Administrations have supported that Section 309 of the IPC may be deleted. Since Law and Order is the State subject the States/UTs were consulted on the recommendations of the Law Commission. Law Commission of India, in its 210th Report, had recommended that Section 309 (attempt to Commit suicide) of IPC should be decriminalised.
Law Commission of India, in its 210th Report, had recommended that Section 309 (attempt to Commit suicide) of IPC should be decriminalised.
— HMO India (@HMOIndia) December 10, 2014
40

Putin-Modi Summit to focus on nuclear energy andoilBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:38 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 4:34 pm
Expansion of ties in a range of crucial sectors like nuclear energy, hydrocarbons and defence will be in focus when Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi deliberate at the annual summit here on December 10 with an aim to further strengthen the already close strategic partnership.
In his talks with Modi, both in restricted and delegation level formats, Putin is likely to seek deeper economic engagement with the “time-tested” ally to negate affect of sanctions against Russia by the US and its Western allies over the Ukraine issue.
Both sides are looking at inking 15-20 pacts following the summit which has been taking place since 2000 alternately in Moscow and New Delhi.
Ahead of his visit, Putin termed ties with India as “privileged strategic partnership” and said construction of new nuclear plants besides military and technical cooperation was high on the agenda for talks. He said Russia was keen to export liquefied natural gas (LNG) to India and involve ONGC in oil and gas hunt in the Arctic.
Energy-starved India, which is the third largest oil importer after the US and China — has been pushing for greater involvement in major gas and oil exploration projects in Russia and both the leaders are set to discuss the issue.
Russia is one of the top oil producers globally and has huge reserves of natural gas.
In the nuclear energy sector, Russia may offer to set up a total of 20-24 nuclear energy production units in India against previously agreed 14-16 plants. Both sides are also likely to come out with a roadmap for cooperation in the overall energy sector.
Russian Ambassador Alexander Kadakin said the two countries will start negotiations for setting up of units five and six at the Kudankulam nuclear power complex soon and may sign a technical pact for units 3 and 4 during Putin’s stay here.
Russia was awaiting India’s decision to allot a site for construction of a new Russian-designed nuclear power plant and the issue may figure in the talks.
Putin will be accompanied by around 15 business tycoons from Russia and both Modi and the Russian President are expected to jointly interact with CEOs of major companies from both the countries as enhancing trade ties will be a major item on the agenda of the summit.
The volume of bilateral trade was USD 10 billion in 2013 and both sides feel there was “huge opportunity” to improve it significantly. India has been working to have a trade pact with “Eurasian space” for improved trade and commerce which will also improve trade with Russia.
India’s exports, particularly food items, to Russia have gone up since sanctions were imposed against that country by Western nations for its interventions in the crisis in Ukraine.
India has been maintaining that it cannot be party to any economic sanctions against Russia.
Both the leaders are continued…

Parliamentary panel report on insurance pitches for 49 pct foreign investmentcapBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:38 pm
A Parliamentary Committee today recommended a composite foreign investment cap of 49 per cent in the insurance sector and supported a government Bill to amend the Act.
At present, a limit of 26 per cent is allowed only through the FDI route.
“The Committee recommends that the composite cap of 49 per cent should be inclusive of all forms of foreign direct investment and foreign portfolio investments,” said the report tabled in the Rajya Sabha.
The Rajya Sabha had in August appointed a 15-member Select committee to scrutinise the long pending Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008. The Bill was held up for nearly six years on account of political differences.
The government is likely to bring the Bill for consideration of the Upper House as early as next week.
The panel report, however, contains dissent notes from four members — P Rajeev (CPI-M), Derek O’Brien (TMC), Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) and K C Tyagi (JDU).
The panel, headed by Rajya Sabha MP Chandan Mitra, has suggested inclusion of a person from the insurance industry in the Securities Appellate Tribunal as an expert.
It has recommended suitable amendment to the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act for the inclusion.
The panel also recommended that penalties on insurance companies be linked to seriousness of offences committed by them. It has suggested mechanism to ensure that there is minimum scope for subjective interpretation.
The Standing Committee on Finance headed by senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha in 2011 had rejected the proposal to hike FDI to 49 per cent in the insurance sector, saying it may not have the desired effect and could expose the economy to global vulnerability.

Naxals extorting Rs 140 crore annually: HaribhaiChaudharyBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:37 pm
Naxals are reportedly extorting a “levy” of about Rs 140 crore annually from a variety of sources, Government said on Wednesday.
The extremists have killed 5,024 civilians in the last 10 years, a majority of them tribals.
“The Left Wing Extremists groups are reported to extort ‘levy’ from industrialists, businessmen, contractors particularly Tendu patta contractors, transporters, government servants and various illegal mining mafia groups in the LWE affected states. Though an exact quantification is not possible, a study conducted by the Institute of Defence Studies and Analysis, Delhi has assessed that the CPI(Maoist) party has been collecting not less than Rs 140 crore annually from a variety of sources,” Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary told the Rajya Sabha in a written reply.
Talking about the killings of civilians by Naxals, the Minister said many instances of atrocities on villagers by the Maoists have come to notice. Most of these villagers include tribals. These atrocities include killings of innocent civilians, extortion, sexual exploitation of women and forced recruitment of children.
“In order to instil a sense of fear in their areas of dominance, the Maoists also kill civilians after branding them as police informers. Out of 5,024 civilians killed by the Maoists since 2004-2014 (upto November 30, 2014), the overwhelming majority are tribals. The Maoists have in reality killed thousands of innocent Adivasis, whose cause they profess to espouse,” he said.
Chaudhary added that instances of sexual exploitation of tribal women by Naxals has also been reported.
“Sexual exploitation of tribal women cadres in the Maoist camps have been disclosed in statements of several surrendered women CPI (Maoist) cadres of Odisha, Maharashtra, Bihar, Jharkhand and other states. Such instances of sexual exploitation include rape, forced marriage and molestation by senior male CPI (Maoist) cadres.
“In Chhattisgarh, some surrendered tribal CPI (Maoist) male cadres have disclosed that they were forced by the senior leadership to undergo vasectomy operations as a pre-condition for marriage with women cadres.
“There are allegations that women cadres of CPI (Maoist), who become pregnant, are forced to undergo abortion against their will. The surrendered women cadres have also disclosed that even if they are married to male cadres, they are not allowed to have children since the senior leadership of the CPI (Maoist) feel that it impairs their fighting capability and mobility,” he said.

French hostage held by al-Qaida returnshomePrint
France's Serge Lazarevic and his daughter Diane listen to French President Francois Hollande, right, after he arrived at Villacoublay's military airport, west of Paris, Wednesday, Dec. 10, 2014. France's last hostage was freed Tuesday after being held for more than three years by al-Qaida's North Africa branch — rekindling debate over whether countries should negotiate with extremists or stick to a muscular, uncompromising policy that runs the risk of a beheading or a botched rescue attempt. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Villacoublay |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:31 pm
President Francois Hollande has urged French citizens not to travel to areas where they risk being kidnapped, as he greeted a Frenchman returning after being held hostage for three years by al-Qaida’s North Africa branch.
Serge Lazarevic arrived in France early Wednesday at the Villacoublay airport outside Paris after being released in what some suspect was a prisoner exchange. His release revived questions about whether governments should negotiate with hostage-takers.
Lazarevic repeatedly thanked Hollande and the government “for having done everything to free me” — but neither he nor Hollande detailed what led to his liberation.
Hollande expressed “extraordinary joy” at Lazarevic’s return, and urged his compatriots to “avoid zones at risk.”
Lazarevic was kidnapped from a hotel in northeastern Mali in November 2011.

E-commerce: Reliance Capital to sell Yatra.com stake for Rs 500crBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:26 pm
Looking to cash in on e-commerce boom, Reliance Capital is all set to sell its 16 per cent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore and is in talks with 2-3 international investors.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 per cent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Sources said that Reliance Cap is in talks with 2-3 leading international investors to sell this 16 per cent stake for an estimated USD 80 million (about Rs 500 crore). The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: “We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value.”
While the spokesperson did not give any further details, sources said that Reliance Cap aims to close the transaction in 4-6 weeks and the deal would put the total valuation of Yatra.com at around USD 500 million or about Rs 3,000 crore.
Other existing investors in Yatra.com, which has film star Salman Khan as one of its brand ambassadors, include Norwest Venture Partners (30 per cent), TV-18 group (10 per cent), Intel Cap (7 per cent) and Valliant Capital (10 per cent). The management team has also got 6 per cent ownership.
Among these, TV-18 group is now majority owned by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries group.
In the fast-growing Indian online travel business, Yatra.com competes with Nasdaq-listed MakeMyTrip, which commands a market value of USD 1.2 billion.
During the last fiscal 2013-14, MakeMyTrip is estimated to have clocked total transaction value of USD 1.38 billion on its platforms, as against USD 763 million by Yatra.
The operating income of MakeMyTrip and Yatra stood at USD 116 million and USD 51 million, respectively, for the year.
Reliance Capital recently announced its plans to focus on core business and is in the process of encashing its minority investments.
It also recently exited from day to day operations of its global film and media services business, by merging its global film and media services business with Prime Focus.
The deal created the world’s largest media services power house, with an order pipeline of Rs 2,000 crore, over 5,500 employees and operations in the US, UK, Canada, China and Singapore, besides India.
Reliance MediaWorks and Prime Focus promoters infused fresh equity capital of Rs 120 crore each into Prime Focus.
A number of international investors have recently pumped funds in Indian e-commerce or e-retail companies. These include Singapore’s state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings and asset management firm BlackRock along with other investors investing continued…

Conversion an attack on country s secular fabric: MayawatiNew Delhi, December 10, 2014
Updated: December 10, 2014 20:21 IST
Opposition demands govt. clarification on Agra conversion
National Bureau
Tweet
The Hindu
Jehangir Aalam, a scrap dealer in Agra's Ved Nagar colony, signs the declaration form after the conversion ceremony performed by the Bajrang Dal and Dharm Jagran Manch activists. Photo: Prashant Nakwe
BSP chief Mayawati during the winter session of Parliament in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: PTI
PTI
BSP leader Mayawati. File photo
VIDEO
conversion
The issue rocked both Houses of Parliament, with BSP leader Mayawati alleging that a similar exercise to convert Christians to Hinduism was being planned.
The Opposition on Wednesday raised the issue of ``conversion by inducement’’ of 350 Muslims in Agra in the Rajya Sabha. Though the Congress joined the Opposition in raising the issue, the party is of the view that the conversion and other communal incidents were a bid by the Sangh Parivar to divert attention from the failure of the Modi Government.
In fact, Congress spokesman and Rajya Sabha member Abhishek Singhvi urged the media not to overplay incidents like the conversion and fall into the RSS-BJP trap of diverting attention from issues like the Government’s failure to address unemployment, violence against women and terrorism. ``Do not allow their game plan to succeed,’’ he said.
Raising the issue in the Rajya Sabha, BSP leader Mayawati said a similar exercise was being planned in Agra towards the month-end to convert Christians to Hinduism.
Communist Party of India (Marxist) member Sitaram Yechury said the Prime Minister should clarify on the issue. ``India is a secular, democratic republic. If attempts are made to change it, you will not remain but India will remain.’’
The Congress, BSP, Left and Trinamool Congress urged the Chair to direct the Centre to give a clarification on the issue.
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said a case has been registered and pointed out that law and order is a State subject.

Weekend Wonderlust heads to the Little Rann of KutchDec 09, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Weekend Wonderlust heads to the Little Rann of Kutch
Weekend Wonderlust goes to the Little Runn of Kutch, two hours out of Ahmedabad. Watch desert safaris, culinary adventures and a village visit with a little help from Yatra.com.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Weekend Wonderlust heads to the Little Rann of Kutch
Weekend Wonderlust goes to the Little Runn of Kutch, two hours out of Ahmedabad. Watch desert safaris, culinary adventures and a village visit with a little help from Yatra.com.
Post your opinion here

Being middle class in IndiaUpdated: December 9, 2014 08:24 IST
Being middle class in India
Devesh Kapur
Is the middle class anything more than simply a large group whose income makes it neither rich nor poor?
INFOGRAPHIC
education
Are differences within the middle class, in income, education, and cultural and social capital, so wide as to render moot any ideological or behavioural coherence to this group?
Over the next two months, The Hindu will release the findings of a new survey on the aspirations and anxieties of ordinary Indians. The survey is the latest round of a multi-year panel study sponsored by the Lok Foundation and carried out in collaboration with the Center for the Advanced Study of India (CASI) at the University of Pennsylvania, in conjunction with the Carnegie Endowment of International Peace. The “Lok Surveys” aim to track the attitudes of Indians over the next several years, as part of a significant new effort to understand the social and political reconfigurations taking place across Indiatoday. CMIE, on behalf of the Lok Foundation, conducted face-to-face interviews of 69,920 randomly selected Indians across 25 states and union territories between January and May 2014. Because our sample is about two-thirds urban and one-third rural, 2011 Census data is used to reweight the sample to ensure urban/rural representativeness.
The rapid growth of the Indian economy over the past three decades has led to a substantial expansion of India’s “middle class”. This has triggered a robust debate over who in India actually belongs to the “middle class,” its size, composition, and political and social behaviour. This is a debate with serious implications for economic growth and governance since a range of scholarship in diverse settings has shown that the middle class is an important driver of a country’s economic, political and social development.
But is the middle class anything more than simply a large group whose income makes it neither rich nor poor? Are differences within the middle class, especially in income, education and cultural and social capital, so wide as to render moot any ideological or behavioural coherence to this group?
This also happens to be a debate with no easy answers because social class is a conceptually complex measure; there is neither a universally accepted definition of middle class nor widely available data on the income of Indian households, as opposed to their consumption patterns. But even if acceptable measures and hard data could be marshalled, they would still be ill-equipped to nail down a rather elusive concept: whether Indians actually believe and behave as if they are part of the middle class. Self-identification of class status is important because it suggests the possibility that Indians may behave in ways that are actually at odds with material realities.
To investigate this, the latest Lok survey asked respondents from across the country whether they considered their family to be a “middle class” family.
To our surprise, nearly half (49 per cent) of all survey respondents believed their family is a middle class family. There was, as one would expect, great variation in responses across states. For instance, while 68 per cent of respondents in Karnataka believed their family belonged to the middle class, just 29 per cent of respondents in Madhya Pradesh felt the same. Self-identification as middle class is expectedly more prevalent among urban respondents (56 per cent) but the share of rural individuals claiming to be middle class is also remarkably high (46 per cent).
Survey results
Two things are striking about this finding: the contrast between respondents’ self-perception and objective reality and differences on the rural-urban axis (Figure 1). We disaggregated our sample into five income categories, based on self-reported annual household income. While any such classification is admittedly blunt, the results are nonetheless illustrative. Whereas respondents are more likely to self-identify as middle class as household income increases, a sizeable proportion of respondents across all income groups believe they are part of the Indian middle class. 47 per cent of lower middle-income respondents self-identified as “middle class”, while half of middle income and 54 per cent of upper middle-income respondents did so. Expectedly this declined to 48 per cent for those in the highest income bracket. Most surprising 45 per cent of those who were in the lowest income bracket self-identify as middle class, barely 3 per cent less than the richest income group.
Even within the same income categories, however, there are marked differences between rural and urban India. There could be several reasons for this. For one, we are comparing nominal incomes and not real incomes, given the much higher cost of living in urban areas. Second—and this reflects disagreements about whether a coherent middle-class identity comes about due to social or economic factors or is instead the result of political factors—ascriptive identities (especially caste) are more salient in rural relative to urban India. Historically, the “middle class” construct has been a production of the forces of industrialisation and urbanisation.
Middle class belonging also increases with educational attainment: the more educated one is, the more likely she is to claim to be middle class. However, 47 per cent of individuals with less than 10th standard education—those we typically do not associate with middle class status—still claim such an affiliation. Those numbers are surprisingly large and, as with income, urban-rural differences are notable.
But the extent of “middle class” identification is striking, not simply because of its size or the fact that it seems to run counter to households’ own economic realities, but also because it appears to have powerful experiential effects on respondents’ social attitudes.
Across a range of measures, those who believe they are middle class are markedly more upbeat about their status in life today as well as their prospects in the future (Figure 2). When asked whether they believed their household’s economic conditions are getting better, 62 per cent of self-proclaimed “middle class” respondents answered in the affirmative, compared to 48 per cent for those who feel they are not among the middle class. When compared to those who believe they are not middle class, larger proportions of so-called “middle class” respondents believed that their children will have a higher standard of living than they enjoy and that their family’s social status has improved in a generation. Furthermore, they are more bullish in their assessments of the country’s overall progress and India’s economic conditions as a whole.
Class replacing caste?
The factors driving such large middle class self-identification are less clear. In a status conscious society, as caste weakens as a marker of status, could this be a sign that class markers are taking its place? What might be some consequences of self-identifying as middle class? Could it be, for instance, a factor shaping occupational mismatches between aspirations and jobs in Indian labour markets as one of us has shown in a related work (Aggarwal, Kapur, et al, 2012)? If so, it could explain the fact that in fast growing urban areas where there is a large unmet demand for good blue-collar skills (such as carpenters or plumbers), which can give incomes that would place the person in the lower middle class, young people often prefer a lower paying “white-collar” job as a shop assistant.
The “middle class” moniker may also be affecting what people do with their money and how they define their roles in society. There is considerable evidence that, to the extent class reflects a person’s place in society; it impacts both consumption levels and product choices. Our finding that middle class self-perception makes one more optimistic about the economy bodes well for consumer spending since the extent to which people are sanguine about their economic future influences their discretionary spending.
Another contested terrain shaped by social class is political behaviour. The Lok survey indicates that, for all the talk of “middle class” support for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the evidence is not clear-cut. Self-proclaimed middle class Indians were only marginally more likely to have voted for the BJP in the recent general election. We find starker differences when measuring class objectively through income, education, or occupational criteria — with those on the upper ends of the spectrum (those with at least a 10th standard education, a “bourgeoisie” occupation, or with annual household income above Rs.7,20,000) more in favour of the BJP.
Three structural changes occurring in India — service-sector led economic growth, rapid expansion of urbanisation and higher education — are undoubtedly resulting in a massive expansion of the middle class, however defined. The political and social consequences will depend on whether this middle class emerges simply as a social formation or as a self-conscious political force, whether progressive or possibly even reactionary.
(Devesh Kapur is with CASI at the University of Pennsylvania. Milan Vaishnav is with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.)

Dark social  traffic coming mostly from Facebook'Dark social' traffic coming mostly from Facebook
IANS     New York    Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 09:08 IST
Experts have defined "dark social" traffic on social media platforms as that which cannot be identified. Now, according to web analyst firm Chartbeat, most of that traffic turns out to be coming from Facebook's mobile apps.
The findings mean that Facebook is more prominent than most media and publishing companies had earlier thought, gigaom.com reported.
"Dark Social" refers to when links have been shared via an online chat, email or app rather than through a browser or specific social app.
When Chartbeat looked at its aggregated data across other sites, it found that in some cases, "dark social" was accounting for more than 65 per cent of a website's traffic.
The term "dark social" was coined by Alexis C. Madrigal from the Atlantic.
In his words, this is how it works: When people go to Facebook via a browser and click a link in their newsfeed, the browser sends data to the site whose link was clicked on - known as a "referrer"-which identifies where the user came from and when.
"But when someone is going through their newsfeed on a mobile device and clicks a link, they just go straight to the site, without any 'referrer' being sent," he explains.
For some reasons, "dark social" traffic is not being identified properly in web analytics terms.
"The takeaway is this: if you are a media company, you are almost certainly underestimating your Facebook traffic. The only question is how much Facebook traffic you are not counting," Madrigal wrote in a recent post on Fusion.

Gionee S5.1: Thinnest smartphone in IndiaNidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 09:41 IST
Gionee S5.1
Remember Gionee's advertisement about the S5.5, the world's slimmest phone that the company claimed to be more than just pretty and not made of plastic? It has now not got a successor. The S5.1 is the new super slim, sleek device, adorning the crown of the thinnest smartphone in India.
Beautiful Design: While Gionee's S5.5 was pretty, the S5.1 is beautiful. This phone has shed a few millimetres and is super sleek at 5.1 mm. If you slip it in your pocket, you will often end up hunting for it as it weighs less than 100 grams. The slim design seems to be inspired by the iPhone 5S, with the metallic rim on the sides. There is a 4.8-inch HD display which is sharp and offers good sunlight legibility. The power key is on the left edge, along with the volume key. The charging port and the 3.5 mm jack is at the bottom. This phone is quite handy and the power key is approachable, a smart gesture to double tap the display to wake up the phone can also be activated. Gionee has also added a wet hand mode where the touch responds even when operated with wet hands.
Performance: Running on Android KitKat, the S5.1 has got Amigo UI and not the vanilla Android interface. All the apps are scattered on different home screens. Gionee has added a bunch of pre-loaded apps too. For those who aren't really comfortable with the Amigo UI (like yours truly), downloading Nova launcher works. This isn't a powerhouse either as it has got a 1.7 GHz octa-core processor by MediaTek and is paired with only 1 GB of RAM. Even with none of the apps running in the background, only 305 MB of RAM is free. There isn't any lag in terms of the performance. We consciously closed the running apps in the background regularly. The multimedia content watching experience is good and this includes basic games. But heavy graphic apps and games show some signs of lag. Surprisingly, the phone didn't heat up even once during our one week of testing.  
Camera: The Gionee S5.1 scores full marks in the looks department, but not on the camera front. It packs in an 8 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front-facing one. While the results appeared decent on the phone's display, the edges were not very sharp when zoomed in. But considering the fact that most images are captured for sharing on social networking sites and not for taking larger prints, the camera does a decent job. The camera software also has modes such as smile shot, touch shot, V-sign shot and can also capture panorama shots.
Battery: Looking at the sleek design, I wasn't very sure about the battery backup. However, the 2050 mAh battery was good enough to last me a day on a single charge. My usage included couple of hours of calling, multiple email accounts, web browsing, social networking, few camera clicks, etc.
In the box: The Gionee S5.1 comes with a flip cover, a silicon back cover and four screen guards (two for the front and two for the rear panel).
Bag it or Junk it: It is a beautiful looking, media consumption device
Price: Rs 18,999

http://usat.ly/1wPRiXK5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 11:59 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
The 2014 USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributors: Dan Chung, CEO and Chief Investment Officer at Alger; Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. Equity & Quantitative Strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch;  Rick Rieder, Chief Investment Officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock; and Rupal Bhansali, Chief Investment Officer of International Equities at Ariel Investments in New York City, got together on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 17 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
What would finally make investors happy? The market has been making new highs almost daily this year and has tripled from its 2009 lows. Yet it's one of the most hated and distrusted bull markets, giving stocks a bad rap they don't deserve, say panelists at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
These strategists and money managers don't see danger from the markets, anything but. Practically universally, they agreed stocks are headed higher in 2015, although they expect a bumpier ride amid a jump in market volatility. And while stocks might not chalk up another year of double-digit percentage gains, investors will be glad they stayed in the market, these analysts say.
That's just one of the major takeaways from USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable held Friday in New York. USA TODAY will roll out continued coverage of the 2015 Investment Roundtable next week. Details, including stock picks and other detailed forecasts, are forthcoming. But investors who can't wait that long can chew on the five key points, including:
•The market will continue to plow higher. Stocks might not be as cheap as they were a few years ago, but there's plenty of room to make new highs, says Dan Chung, chief investment officer at Alger Funds, who called this "one of the most hated bull markets in equities of all time." Investors will just have to be more selective in picking spots in the market that still have plenty of upside left, says Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments.
•Higher rates aren't a bull killer. It's likely the Federal Reserve will raise short-term rates, currently pegged between 0% and 0.25%, to 1% next year, says Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock. But that's still "incredibly accommodating," he says. The key to the market's reaction will be the pace at which the Fed hikes rates. But Rieder expects the Fed's moves to be measured and says there are other forces in play that should keep long-term interest rates from spiking sharply. Short-term rates will continue to trade south of 2% for at least a couple of years, he adds.
This file photo shows a Wall Street sign near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) building in New York.
(Photo: JEWEL SAMAD, AFP/Getty Images)
•Nasdaq is going to see more action. If there's been one blemish on this bull market it's that the Nasdaq remains the last major stock index to be unable to notch a new record high. But that will change next year, says Chung, who predicts the tech-focused stock index will finally take out its March 10, 2000, record close of 5048.62. Stocks in the Nasdaq are in much better health now than they were in 2000. Much lower valuations and improved profitability — not to mention companies such as Google that weren't even publicly traded companies 15 years ago — will finally put the Nasdaq on new high ground, Chung says.
•Rise of volatility. The panelists agreed that while market gains might be modestly upward, they won't be easy. Chung says he wouldn't be surprised to see periods of intense volatility next year, not unlike the biotech-stock drubbing in early 2014 and the nearly 10% broad market decline in the fall. But that's why these stock pickers think that stock picking will be more important in 2015. "Volatility is an opportunity," says Bhansali. For instance, she thinks that many health care companies will find demand for their services to be so great that earnings will benefit.
•It's not a risk-free market. Stocks have room to run, but there are still concerns. Many equity and fixed-income investors, for example, have been piling into the same trades, which increases the risks of losses if those trades reverse. Many investors, for example, are shorting short-term interest rates, going long the U.S. dollar and building long positions in shorter maturity European bonds, according to Rieder. "You have to diversify like crazy," he says. Similarly, some panelists worry that investors that have rushed into bond-like stocks — such as high-dividend-paying stocks and utilities -- might be paying too much.
One big worry for foreign-stock focused Bhansali is China. She fears the real estate bubble there led to an overload of debt — one that the government might find itself on the hook for, she says. Big debt binges tend to end badly, and that's a concern for China. Growth in China and India is especially important, since that could be the needed antidote to sluggish growth in Europe, Chung says.
But despite these risks, stocks are the place to be, Bhansali says. "There is a scarcity of growth and yield in the world," she says. "Get the best of both worlds from the equity market," where many stocks yield more than 10-year U.S. government bonds.
Video Keywords Dow Jones Industrial Average Wall Street's stock market S&P 500 NASDAQ
David Callaway, editor in chief of USA TODAY, talks about USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Hi I'm David Callaway is editor in chief of USA
00:05  today. The US stock market is poised to finish 2014. With
00:10  one of its best years ever with the Dow Jones Industrial
00:13  Average and the S&P 500 index setting record after record. And
00:17  the NASDAQ poised to recapture levels that hasn't seen in fifteen
00:21  years. Against that backdrop. USA today has convened for Wall Street's
00:27  most successful market strategists. Ports and nineteenth annual investment roundtable. To
00:32  tell you what they expect it's gonna happen next year to
00:35  year investments we help you like it.
75 CONNECT 105 TWEET 17 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A19VW3
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

Oil price slump puts pressure global currenciesOil price slump puts pressure on commodity-linked currencies, Asian shares
Wayne Cole     Sydney   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 14:24 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Oil prices plummeted to five-year lows on Tuesday, pressuring commodity-linked currencies and most Asian shares as a bout of risk aversion rippled through world markets.
The urge for safety gave a rare boost to the Japanese yen which edged higher with particularly large gains on the troubled Australian and New Zealand dollars.
Much of the action was in oil where a glut of supply has seen the fuel's prices fall for almost six months now, so pressuring energy stocks and commodity-related assets globally.
Oil prices are likely to remain around US $65 a barrel for the next six  to seven months until the global economy recovers or the Organization of  Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) changes its production policy, the  head of Kuwait's state oil company said.
Brent crude prices fell by 86 cents to US $65.33 a barrel, while US crude futures dipped another 70 cents to US $62.35. Both had already tumbled over 4 per cent on Monday on expectations that a deepening oil glut would keep prices under pressure into 2015.
While falling energy prices are a boon for consumer spending power in most parts of the world, it was bad news for resource stocks like Australia's Santos which fell almost 8 per cent.
The pain spread across the main Australian share index which dipped 1.5 per cent, while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.8 per cent to a seven-week trough.
Japan's Nikkei fell 0.7 per cent, but that follows a run of hefty gains which took it to the highest since mid-2007.
Chinese shares have also been on a tear and Tuesday was no different as the CSI300 index powered up another 3 per cent to peaks last visited in April 2011. It has now climbed by a third in just three weeks.
On Monday, Dow Jones had fallen 0.59 per cent, while the S&P 500 was down 0.73 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.84 per cent.
In currency markets, the yen benefited as nervous speculators cut back on short positions. The dollar faded to 120.19 yen, and away from Monday's high of 121.86, while the euro retreated to 148.00.
The Australian dollar was a major loser, reflecting the country's position as a major commodity exporter, and slid a full yen to 99.11.
Not helping risk appetite was a Wall Street Journal report that US Federal Reserve officials were seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a 'considerable time'.
Such a move would be taken as a sign the US central bank was on target to start raising interest rates around the middle of 2015, a view that has gained great traction since last week's surprisingly strong payrolls report .
Yields on two-year Treasury debt have spiked to highs not seen since April 2011 while the whole yield curve has flattened markedly as investors wager US Fed action will keep inflation low over the long run.
The lack of inflationary pressure combined with a rising US dollar kept gold on the back foot. Spot prices were stuck at US $1,200 on Tuesday after shedding a couple of bucks the previous session.
(Reuters)

PM Narendra Modi a  reputable political leader : Vladimir PutinPrint
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks to the media after his meeting with French President Francois Hollande at Moscow's Vnukovo airport, Saturday, Dec. 6, 2014. French President Francois Hollande met with Russia's Vladimir Putin during an impromptu visit to Moscow on Saturday, as tensions remain high over the ongoing conflict in east Ukraine and France's decision to suspend the delivery of two warships to Moscow. (AP Photo/Vasily Maximov, Pool)
By: Associated Press | Moscow |
Posted: December 10, 2014 11:18 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 12:51 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin has voiced hope for expanding ties with India during his visit there and sought to assuage New Delhi’s concern about Moscow’s ties with Pakistan.
Putin, speaking in an interview with the PTI news agency released by the Kremlin on Tuesday, hailed a “privileged strategic partnership” between Russia and India, and said the two nations would move to expand it further during his Thursday’s visit to New Delhi.
He praised Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as a “reputable political leader, who has already made a significant personal contribution to the promotion of the Russian-Indian cooperation.”
Russia and India have shared close ties since the Cold War, when Moscow was a key ally and the main arms supplier to New Delhi.
Putin has sought to reinvigorate relations with old allies as part of his efforts to restore Moscow’s global clout, and India has remained a top customer for Russian weapons industries.
Putin said in the interview that military ties remain a key part of Russian-Indian cooperation and pointed at programs to jointly develop supersonic cruise missiles and a next generation fighter jet.
“The high level of bilateral cooperation and trust allows us to start a gradual transition from the traditional producer-consumer model to joint development and production of advanced weapons systems,” he said.
Putin voiced hope that energy cooperation will also expand, saying that Moscow would welcome Indian energy companies to tap prospective oilfields in the Arctic. Russia plans to start supplies of liquefied natural gas to India starting in 2017, he said.
Putin also sought to soothe New Delhi’s concerns about Moscow’s intention to develop military-technical ties with India’s rival Pakistan, saying that Russia’s cooperation with Pakistan is focusing on cooperation in fighting terrorism and drugs.
“This kind of cooperation serves the long-term interests of all countries of the region, including India,” he said.

China stock market bounces back; up over 2%China stocks bounce back; surge over 2% after Tuesday's carnage
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 12.11PM IST
Tags:
bull market
(Chinese shares bounced…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese shares bounced back on Wednesday following hefty losses in the previous session after the government clamped down on low-grade corporate bonds.
The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index rose 2.38 per cent, or 66.79 points, to 2,924.95, in today's intraday trade.
The Shenzhen Composite Index, which tracks stocks on China's second exchange, climbed 2.97 per cent, or 41.65 points, to 1,445.04.
A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets had led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India, on Tuesday; and the sharp fall of over 6 per cent on the Shanghai Composite Index intraday had made investors nervous.
China's yuan also strengthened today, recovering from a sharp slide in the previous session. It was at 0.16 against the dollar, up 0.87 per cent.
"Both retail and institutional investors become cautious in the absence of clear direction," said Zhang Yanbing, analyst at Zheshang Securities in Shanghai.
"Think of this as psychological warfare; no one knows the direction for now, everyone is waiting for further good news to stimulate the market again."
He and other analysts said the market had entered a correction phase after a multi-day rally, but would emerge with its underlying bullishness intact.
The official China Securities Journal said in a front-page commentary on Wednesday that China's stock market remained a bull market and sharp, short-term fluctuations do not signal an end to the upward trend and should allow investors an opportunity to re-position.
However, state financial media has generally been bullish on shares regardless of the environment, in line attempts by regulators to draw retail investors back to the equity market after years of apathy.
Securities traders also tend to be bullish due to a lack of shorting instruments available to retail investors, leaving brokerages with few ways to turn a profit during a bear market.
The Nasdaq-style ChiNext Composite Index of mostly high-tech start-ups listed in Shenzhen ended the morning session up 3.4 per cent, lifting the broader index.
But China CSI300 banking index was down 1.1 per cent after diving 9 per cent on Tuesday. A total of 9 brokerage shares slumped over 5 per cent, including Founder Securities and Guoyuan Securities
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index dropped 0.2 per cent, to 23,443.08 points.
The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.4 per cent, to 11,290.64.
Analysts said Hong Kong investors have become more cautious after the sharp drop in both Hong Kong and mainland markets on Tuesday.
"But from the morning session, the momentum from China's rebound seems weak, which put hurdles for Hong Kong to follow," said Castor Pang, head of research at Core Pacific-Yamaichi in Hong Kong. "In the short term, most investors want to cash their Chinese financial shares."
The index measuring price differences between dual-listed companies in Shanghai and Hong Kong was at 112.69. A value above 100 indicates Shanghai shares are pricing at a premium to shares in the same company trading in Hong Kong, and vice versa.
Total volume of A shares traded in Shanghai was 29.39 billion shares, while Shenzhen volume was 13.18 billion shares.
Total trading volume of companies included in the the HSI index was 1.1 billion shares.
(With inputs from agencies)

Sensex up 74 points; banking stocks gainDec 10, 2014 at  04:09pm IST
Nifty ends above 8350, Sensex flat; SBI up 3 per cent, BHEL falls
4
0
Mumbai: After a volatile day of trade, the market ended on a flat note. The Sensex ended up 34.09 points at 27831.10, and the Nifty was up 14.95 points at 8355.65.
About 1681 shares have advanced, 1255 shares declined, and 110 shares are unchanged. SBI gained 3.5 per cent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) was also 9.10 points or 0.11 per cent up at 8,349.80 points.
After a volatile day of trade, the market ended on a flat note. The Sensex ended up 34.09 points at 27831.10, and the Nifty was up 14.95 points at 8355.65.

Xiaomi s India debut one of the most talked-about topics on Facebook in India in 201416
2
New Delhi: It's that time of the year when Facebook takes a look back at the redefining moments of the year and curates a list of the most talked-about topics and events on its social networking site. This year's list is out and Xiaomi's India debut has come out as one of the most discussed topics on Facebook.
Xiaomi entered the Indian market in July 2014 with its then flagship Mi3 smartphone. The company since then has launched three budget smartphones in India alongside a couple of accessories. By dint of cheaper but critically-acclaimed devices, the three-year-old Xiaomi has become one of the world's largest smartphone manufacturers.
General Elections in India held in April-May was the most-discussed topic on Facebook in India in 2014, the social media giant said in its Year In Review list 2014. Indian Premier League, World Cup, Mars Orbiter Mission, Natural Disaster (Kashmir Floods), in that order were the other most-discussed topics on Facebook in India. Xiaomi's entry into the India market is at number 6 in the list of the most talked-about topics on Facebook in India.
By dint of cheaper but critically-acclaimed devices, the three-year-old Xiaomi has become one of the world's largest smartphone manufacturers.
#xiaomi #xiaomis india debut #facebook #year in review 2014
Facebook's 'Year In Review 2014' list has ranked Bollywood actress Alia Bhatt on number 7 in the list of 10 most-discussed topics. Mary Kom Biopic followed Bhatt in ranking.
Malaysia Airlines, whose MH 370 mysteriously disappeared, also figures in the list. Conflict in Gaza was another topic in the list.
Year in Review top 10 list was measured by how frequently a topic was mentioned in Facebook posts made between January and December 2014. To put this list together, Facebook posts were analysed in an aggregated way, and then ranked to create a snapshot of the year on Facebook.
167

Bharti Airtel shares up after TDSAT sets aside fineBharti Airtel shares up after TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fine
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 12:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Bharti Airtel shares jumped over 2 per cent in morning trade on the bourses after the telecom tribunal set aside a Rs 650-crore penalty imposed by the Department of Telecom (DoT) on the company.
TDSAT had on Tuesday set aside the penalty imposed in a roaming case on the Sunil Bharti Mittal-led company.
The scrip, however, pared most of the gains by noon and was trading 0.42 per cent higher at Rs 355.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange at 12.34 pm. At the same time, shares of the company were trading 0.51 per cent higher at Rs 355.95 on the National Stock Exchange.
DoT had issued demand notice of Rs 650 crore to Bharti Airtel in July 2013. It had found the company routing national and international calls as local calls (SLD) under a scheme till 2005 despite being told to stop it in 2003, and that it caused loss to the government exchequer and state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam across 13 service areas.

RS Select Committee recommends 49% cap on FDI in insuranceRajya Sabha Select Committee recommends 49% cap on foreign investment in insurance
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 12.24PM IST
Tags:
foreign investment
(Finance Minister Arun Jaitley…)
NEW DELHI: The long pending hike in foreign investment limit in insurance sector to 49 per cent may soon become a reality with the Parliamentary panel endorsing the government bill after incorporating Congress party suggestion of a composite cap on overseas investments.
Approving a government bill to amend the Insurance Act, the Select Committee in its report to the Rajya Sabha recommended a composite foreign investment cap of 49 per cent which would include Foreign Direct Investment (FDI and portfolio investment.
At present only 26 per cent FDI is allowed in private sector insurance companies. The hike in foreign investment limit is estimated to attract about Rs 25,000 crore of overseas funds in the sector.
"The Committee recommends that the composite cap of 49 per cent should be inclusive of all forms of foreign direct investment and foreign portfolio investments," the report said.
With the Congress, which has been pressing for a composite cap, pacified, the government is likely to bring the Bill for consideration of the Upper House as early as next week.
The Congress support for the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008, is crucial as the ruling NDA does not have majority in the Upper House.
The bill, which has been pending since 2008, may not have a smooth ride in the Rajya Sabha with certain political parties opposing further opening of the insurance sector to foreign investment.
The report of the Select Committee contains dissent notes from four members -- P Rajeev (CPI-M), Derek O'Brien (TMC), Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) and K C Tyagi (JDU).
The Rajya Sabha had in August appointed a 15-member Select committee to scrutinise the long pending Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008. The Bill was held up for nearly six years on account of political differences.
The panel, headed by Rajya Sabha MP Chandan Mitra, has suggested inclusion of a person from the insurance industry in the Securities Appellate Tribunal as an expert.
The panel has recommended suitable amendment to the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act for the inclusion.
It also recommended that penalties on insurance companies be linked to seriousness of offences committed by them. It has suggested mechanism to ensure that there is minimum scope for subjective interpretation.
The Standing Committee on Finance headed by senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha in 2011 had rejected the proposal to hike FDI to 49 per cent in the insurance sector, saying it may not have the desired effect and could expose the economy to global vulnerability.
Meanwhile, the Select Committee unanimously agreed not to bring down the paid-up equity capital in the health insurance sector as compared to the life and general insurance.
The panel suggested that the capital requirements may be retained at the Rs 100-crore level to ensure health insurers have adequate capacity for providing critical services to citizens, and it also pitched for giving top priority to this segment.
"The insurance Bill be passed," the Committee said, adding the government may take more measures as recommended by it.
The committee suggested that the Law Ministry and the insurance regulator IRDA should modify the definition of the term "nominee" in order to remove any ambiguity. The Supreme Court had suggested that there was no need for two categories of nominees -- beneficiary nominee and collector nominee.
It also recommended that adequate protective mechanism be instituted to ensure agents get their commission and the commission structure be determined by IRDA on market conditions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex volatile  Nifty above 8350; Shanghai reboundsDec 10, 2014, 01.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex volatile, Nifty above 8350; Shanghai rebounds
Asian markets traded mixed amid weak global cues and sluggish data from China. However, Shanghai recovered from the day's low to trade with more than 2 percent gains.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex volatile, Nifty above 8350; Shanghai rebounds
Asian markets traded mixed amid weak global cues and sluggish data from China. However, Shanghai recovered from the day's low to trade with more than 2 percent gains.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:55pm L&T in News
L&T Construction, the construction arm of L&T, has won orders worth Rs 2008 crore including two new international orders in the months of November and December 2014.
Power transmission and distribution business has secured new orders worth Rs 1058 crore from Algerian transmission utility company - SONELGAZ – GRTE (National Society for Electricity and Gas), Power Grid Corporation of India (in Jammu & Kashmir), Bihar Grid Company, Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam etc.
Buildings and factories business has secured orders worth Rs 920 crore for the construction of a midfield airport terminal building and car park at Abu Dhabi, and for the construction of various buildings for two-wheeler company's manufacturing plant in Gujarat. The scope involves civil, structural and other associated works.
Orders worth Rs 30 crore have also been received from various ongoing jobs of heavy civil infrastructure and water & renewable energy businesses, says the company in its filing.
12:35pm RBI deputy governor says
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor SS Mundra said the central bank would have room to cut interest rates should factors leading to lower inflation continue.
The comments come ahead of consumer inflation data due on Friday. The RBI held interest rates steady earlier this month, but said it could ease monetary policy early next year.
Mundra also said the central bank would grant licences to so-called payment banks by March or April after releasing the final guidelines for applications last month, reports Reuters.
12:20pm Market Update
The market gained strength in afternoon trade with the Sensex rising 100.82 points to 27897.83 and the Nifty climbing 29.30 points to 8370 led by banks, metals and power stocks. State Bank of India, ONGC, Hero Motocorp, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Dr Reddy's Labs, Tata Steel and Hindalco Industries gained 1-3 percent.
About 1544 shares have advanced, 1011 shares declined, and 87 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
12:15pm Market Expert
Sachin Shah, fund manager, Emkay Investment Managers is of the view that the undertone for the market is still very buoyant because macro factors are still in favour of Indian economy and the faith in Modi government is strong.
Market is giving a decent opportunity, so utilise that to buy on dips, says Shah.
Talking about sectors and stocks, he says although the slowdown in China is posing serious hurdle for the metal space but is not overly concerned about that.
12:00pm Market Check
The market remained rangebound with the Nifty trading in a range of 20 points despite weak global cues, but the broader markets outperformed equity benchmarks. The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices climbed over 0.7 percent.
The BSE Sensex rose 9.87 points to 27806.88 and the Nifty advanced 3.90 points to 8344.60. About 1477 shares have advanced, 1005 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The select panel on insurance recommends a composite cap of 49 percent on all forms of foreign direct investment. The panel says (in the report tabled in the Rajya Sabha today) term 'control' must be defined in the Insurance Act. Reliance Capital and Max India rallied 4-7 percent.
Tata Motors remained in focus today on fears of a slowdown in China impacting JLR sales. China contributes almost 40 percent to JLR sales. The stock bounced back in noon trade after seeing a 2 percent fall in early trade.
Bharti Airtel gained marginally as the TDSAT has set aside a Department of Telecommunications penalty of Rs 650 crore on the company.
Asian markets traded mixed amid weak global cues and sluggish data from China. Japan's Nikkei dropped over 2 percent whereas Shanghai recovered from the day's low to trade with more than 2 percent gains. Brent crude continued to trade around five-year lows on oversupply concerns.
11:00

Arun Jaitley to Meet State Finance Ministers on Thursday to Discuss GSTYou are here: Home Economy
Arun Jaitley to Meet State Finance Ministers on Thursday to Discuss GST
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 10, 2014 13:18 (IST)
Arun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will tomorrow meet his state counterparts to iron out the "challenges" in rolling out the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
The meeting would "discuss some of the challenges that the states see at this point of time", Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha told reporters on the sidelines of Delhi Economics Conclave here today.
"On GST we are working on variety of discussions with the states. The legislative aspects of the GST are complicated; they have to be approved by the states. CST compensation is one of the item which is under discussion," he said.
The centre is working towards rolling out the GST from April 1, 2016, and is in discussion with states to insulate their revenues from the impact of the GST.
The GST will subsume indirect taxes like excise duty and service tax at the central level and VAT and local levies on the states front.
Mr Sinha said once the issues are resolved the Centre can come up with the legislative calender.
The GST Constitutional Amendment Bill, which was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2011, had lapsed and the NDA government will be required to come up with a fresh bill.
States have been demanding that petroleum, alcohol and tobacco be kept out of the purview of the GST.
The GST roll out has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the proposed new tax regime.
On easing restrictions on gold imports, Mr Sinha said the intention of the government was to enable the jewellery sector function efficiently.
"The current account deficit and foreign exchange reserves are in much more comfortable position now. The rupee is stable," Mr Sinha added.
The CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, moderated to 1.9 per cent of GDP ($17.9 billion) in April-September period of current fiscal.
It was 3.1 per cent ($26.9 billion) in the corresponding period last year.
The government had last month scrapped the 80:20 scheme for gold imports under which at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Gold imports jumped 280 per cent to $4.17 billion in October, as per the latest trade data. The in-bound shipments touched 95 tonnes in September this year as against 12 tonnes a year ago.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 13:16 (IST)

Arun Jaitley to meet state FMs on Dec 11 on GSTArun Jaitley to meet state FMs on Dec 11 to discuss Goods and Services Tax
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 13:51 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Agencies)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will meet his state counterparts on Thursday (December 11) to iron out the challenges in rolling out the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
In the meeting, the FMs would discuss some of the challenges that the states see at this point of time, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha told reporters on the sidelines of Delhi Economics Conclave in the national capital on Wednesday.
"On GST we are working on variety of discussions with the states. The legislative aspects of the GST are complicated, they have to be approved by the states. CST compensation is one of the item which is under discussion," Sinha said.
The government is working towards rolling out the GST from April 1, 2016, and is in discussion with states to insulate their revenues from the impact of the new indirect tax regime.
The GST will subsume indirect taxes like excise duty and service tax on the central front and value added tax (VAT) and local levies at the States-level.
Sinha said once the issues are resolved the Centre can come up with the legislative calendar.
The GST Constitutional Amendment Bill, which was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2011, had lapsed and the Prime Minister Narendra Modi -led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government will be required to come up with a fresh Bill.
The GST roll out has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the proposed new tax regime. For instance, States have been demanding that petroleum, alcohol and tobacco be kept out of the purview of the GST.
On easing restrictions on gold imports, Sinha said the intention of the government was to enable the jewellery sector function efficiently.
On economic indicators, the State finance minister said the current account deficit (CAD) and foreign exchange reserves are in much more comfortable position now, adding that the rupee was also stable.
The CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, moderated to 1.9 per cent of gross domestic product (US $17.9 billion) in the April-September period of teh ongoing financial year.
CAD stood at 3.1 per cent of GDP (US $26.9 billion) in the corresponding year-ago period.
The government had, in November, scrapped the 80:20 scheme for gold imports, which mandated the export of at least 20 per cent of the imported gold before bringing in new lots.
Gold imports jumped 280 per cent to US $4.17 billion in October, as per the latest trade data. The in-bound shipments touched 95 tonnes in September 2014 as against 12 tonnes in the previous year.

Banks may demand higher equity from highly leveraged firms: RBIBanks may demand higher equity from highly leveraged firms, says RBI Deputy Governor
Suvashree Dey Choudhury        Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 13:46 IST
Photo: Reuters
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor SS Mundra said banks may demand higher equity from companies that are highly leveraged before offering fresh loans to such firms.
"High leverage doesn't mean the company cannot be financed if there is a need. The only thing, for further financing the bank may demand them to bring higher equity to correct the leverage," Mundra told reporters on the sidelines of a press meet in Kolkata.
Banks may decide on the debt to equity ratio individually for companies, he added.
Mundra also said the central bank remains vigilant towards Indian companies issuing high-yield bonds overseas.
(Reuters)

RBI deputy Mundra says room to cut rates if inflation easesDec 10, 2014, 01.26 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
RBI deputy Mundra says room to cut rates if inflation eases
The RBI held interest rates steady earlier this month, but said it could ease monetary policy early next year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI deputy Mundra says room to cut rates if inflation eases
The RBI held interest rates steady earlier this month, but said it could ease monetary policy early next year.
Post your opinion here
 
Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor SS Mundra said on Wednesday the central bank would have room to cut interest rates should factors leading to lower inflation continue.
The comments come ahead of consumer inflation data due on Friday. The RBI held interest rates steady earlier this month, but said it could ease monetary policy early next year.
Mundra also said the central bank would grant licences to so-called payment banks by March or April after releasing the final guidelines for applications last month.
 

It s good time to enter commodity marketStory
Losing sheen
Base metal prices have fallen quite a bit this year. It is a good time to enter the market.
Rahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Edition: December 2014
Base metals are losing strength. Lead prices slid 11% to Rs 123.10 per kg from August 12 to October 24. Between August 1 and November 3, nickel fell 14% to Rs 955.70 per kg. Aluminium declined 10% between August 29 and October 16.
Slowing demand from major buyers due to falling economic growth is putting pressure on the entire base metal pack, which comprises copper, aluminium, tin, zinc, lead and nickel and tin. Tin, however, is not traded on Indian exchanges.
In the domestic market , the metals slid nearly 6% in August-October. The London Metal Exchange's LME index, which tracks prices of these metals, fell 4% during the period. This is good news for long-term investors as experts expect prices to recover in the next few months. However, there may be some pain in the near term.
China's metal imports have been falling for the last few quarters
According to the World Bank, global metal prices are expected to fall more than 5% in 2014 due to new supplies and low demand from China. Experts say the biggest reason for the fall is slowdown in the three biggest consumers-China, the US and Europe. According to the website of the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the Non-Manufacturing Business Index fell from 55% in June to 53.8% in October. Similarly, China's Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index plunged from 51.7% in July to 50.8% in October. Industrial output in the euro area contracted 1.9% year-on-year in August, followed by a 1.6% rise in July. It is the first annual drop in a year, mainly due to contraction in production of capital goods and energy.
Aurobinda Prasad, research head, commodity and currency, Karvy Comtrade, says, "Base metals have been hit by strengthening US dollar and factors such as trimming of global growth forecast by the IMF, end to the US Fed's stimulus programme and poor economic growth in China and Europe."
OUTLOOK FOR BASE METALS
London Metal Exchange Index
LEAD
The metal is mainly used in batteries. Prices fell 11.18% to Rs 122.10 per kg between August 12 and October 24. They had risen 9.5% from Rs 121.75 per kg on April 1 to 133.40 per kg on July 30.
According to the International Lead and Zinc Study Group (ILZSG), an international commodity organisation, global demand for refined lead is likely to rise 1.4% to 11.33 million tonnes this year and a further 2.1% to 11.56 million tonnes in 2015. The ILZSG has indicated that the global demand will exceed supply modestly in 2014 as well as 2015.
Nitin Nachnani, research analyst, Geojit Comtrade, is bullish on the commodity. "The expected deficit is 38,000 tonnes this year and 23,000 tonnes in 2015. We expect prices to rise to Rs 138-140 per kg by the end of March 2015 on the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX)."
Before investing, look at demand from China's automobile units and mobile phone base stations and supply from the three big producers, Australia, China and the US.
COPPER
The industrial metal is used in manufacturing and construction. China, the largest consumer, accounts for 40% global demand.
Copper prices fell 4% between August 1 and November 3. Like in case of other base metals, the biggest reason was weak economic growth in China. Some investors are worried that slowing inflation reflects slack in China's economy as business activity slows, leading to less demand for copper.
Copper is likely to trade at Rs 400-450 per kg in the next four-five months on the MCX. On November 3, it was at Rs 412 per kg.
Renisha Chainani, manager research, Edelweiss, says, "The fall accelerated after weaker-than- expected US economic data raised concerns about demand from the world's second-largest user."
Market experts say global demand is estimated to have risen 12% to 13.4 million tonnes in the first seven months of the year compared with the same period last year. Global refined production is estimated to have risen 7% to 12.8 million tonnes from the same period of 2013. Data indicate production deficit of 5,89,000 million tonnes for the period. There was a surplus of 22,000 million tonnes in the same period in 2013.
Chainani of Edelweiss says the metal is likely to get support at lower levels due to workers' strike at some big mines in Indonesia and Peru.
ZINC
The metal is mainly used to protect steel from corrosion. It has been one of the best performers among base metals this year. It rose 11% to Rs 143 per kg this year till November 3. However, between August 1 and October 24, it fell 3%.
Aurobinda Prasad of Karvy Comtrade says, "The decline should be treated as a correction as the metal had risen very fast in the first half of the year backed by medium-to long-term fundamentals. One probable reason could be the rise in stocks on the LME from 0.65 million tonnes to 0.73 million tonnes after a decline from April to July."
Experts are bullish on zinc for the medium to long term. Between January and July, global mine production rose 2.3% while production of the refined metal rose 4% and usage surged 7.6%. The ILZSG has predicted a shortage of 4,03,000 tonnes in 2014 and 3,66,000 tonnes in 2015. LME stocks have fallen 25% this year.
Prasad says, "Expectations that major mines will shut down in 2015-16 pushed up prices. The MCX zinc November futures are trading over Rs 140 per kg. Near-term resistance is seen at Rs 149-150 per kg. A break above may extend gains up to Rs 160 in the coming months."
Tarun Satsangi, head, commodity and currency research, Globe Capital, seconds Prasad, "In the next two-three months, zinc is likely to trade in the range of Rs 128-147 per kg. However, if it breaches that level, we may see prices touch Rs 155-160 per kg."
Price trend in 3 base metals traded on Indian bourses
NICKEL
Nickel is used to protect other metals from  corrosion. Its main use is in making alloys such as stainless steel.  Demand has been hit by slowdown in China and Europe. Prices started  plunging from the third quarter of 2014 and fell 14% to Rs 955 per kg  between August 1 and November 3.
Kunal Shah, head, commodity  research, Nirmal Bang Commodities, says, "Stainless steel prices also  fell sharply. Poor economic data from China and Europe added to the  pressure. Prices had shot up at the start of the year after Indonesia  banned nickel ore exports. A similar move was expected in August from  the Philippines (which accounts for one-tenth of global nickel supply)  but it did not happen, putting pressure on prices." Prices rose 30% in  the first half of the year.
Shah is bullish on the metal.  "Nickel prices are not likely to fall below Rs 900 per kg. I will not be  surprised if prices rise and test Rs 1,150 levels. The metal is likely  to remain in short supply for the rest of the year. Amid these factors,  any restocking by China could move up prices," he says.
ALUMINIUM
The metal is widely used in transport, construction, packaging and electrical sectors. It saw a U-shaped recovery between August 26 and November 3. It had fallen 10% between August 29 and October 16 due to bleak outlook for China. On November 3, it was trading at Rs 126 per kg.
Market expert say the recovery is likely to continue. Satsangi says, "Prices are likely to head north and approach Rs 135 per kg by the end of March 2015. Declining stocks on the LME since August 14 and expectation of monetary easing in China are the key factors that can drive up prices."
Price trend in 3 base metals traded on Indian bourses

Structural reforms necessary to achieve 7-8% growth: JayantStructural reforms necessary to achieve 7-8% growth, says Jayant Sinha
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 17:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
Pitching for structural reforms, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha on Wednesday said they were necessary for achieving a sustainable growth of 7-8 per cent and making India a $5 trillion economy in next 12 years.
"If we take our $2 trillion economy and get it on the sustainable 7-8 per cent growth rate then we have a situation when the economy doubles in 10 or 12 years to $4 trillion economy. If rupee strengthens we may end up getting closer to $5 trillion economy", he said while addressing the Delhi Economics Conclave in New Delhi.
Sinha also made a strong pitch for deep structural reforms to achieve a sustainable and non-inflationary growth of 7-8 per cent over longer period of time.
"We also need to get the economy up to a long term growth rate of 7-8 per cent, it will have ups and downs. But ultimately long term growth rate for the Indian economy has to be 7-8 per cent", he said.
Sinha said there was a need to control inflation at 4-6 per cent over the years.
Listing the priorities before the government, he said, there is a need to pursue macroeconomic stability, build world class infrastructure, unlock entrepreneurial energy and put in place social security system.
Sinha also made a case for supply side revolution to enable the country dramatically increase its growth potential.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent.
The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.

Structural reforms necessary to achieve 7-8...India
(Sinha also made a strong…)
NEW DELHI: Pitching for structural reforms , Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha today said they were necessary for achieving a sustainable growth of 7-8 per cent and making India a $5 trillion economy in next 12 years.
"If we take our $2 trillion economy and get it on the sustainable 7-8 per cent growth rate then we have a situation when the economy doubles in 10 or 12 years to $4 trillion economy. If rupee strengthens we may end up getting closer to $5 trillion economy," he said while addressing the Delhi Economics Conclave here.
Sinha also made a strong pitch for "deep structural reforms" to achieve a sustainable and non-inflationary growth of 7-8 per cent over longer period of time.
"We also need to get the economy up to a long term growth rate of 7-8 per cent, it will have ups and downs. But ultimately long term growth rate for the Indian economy has to be 7-8 per cent," he said.
Sinha said there was a need to control inflation at 4-6 per cent over the years.
Listing the priorities before the government, he said, there is a need to pursue macroeconomic stability, build world class infrastructure, unlock entrepreneurial energy and put in place social security system.
Sinha also made a case for supply side revolution to enable the country dramatically increase its growth potential.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent. The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.
Stating that fiscal deficit is a cause of worry, former RBI Governor and head of Expenditure Management Commission Bimal Jalan said: "Expenditure is always a concern and the revenue stream has not been as good as we thought".
He said the Commission would look into minimisation of subsidies, but at the same time maximisation of benefit to the people at the least administrative cost.
The Commission is entrusted with the responsibility of suggesting ways to rationalise food, fertiliser and oil subsidies and narrow the fiscal deficit.
It is expected to submit its interim report before the presentation of Budget for 2015-16 and the final report before Budget 2016-17.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Target $15 bn  EY advisory biz looks to disr...You are here: Home > Collections > Headcount
Target $15 billion, EY advisory business looks to disrupt self
Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 01.44PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The advisory business is…)
MUMBAI: EY is looking to companies like Amazon for ideas on how to disrupt its consulting model before disruption is forced upon it, as the firm moves toward its goal of developing a $15-billion advisory business by 2020.
The consulting firm, as a whole, reported revenue of $27.4 billion for FY14 with a headcount of about 1,90,000.
The advisory business is currently close to $7 billion in revenue and 35,000 employees, said Norman Lonergan , global vice chair for advisory at EY.
But the consulting firm's business model -of rate-times-hourstimes-people -is in danger of becoming obsolete.
Lonergan said the company couldn't rest on its laurels and expects advisory to grow in a linear fashion to 1,00,000 employees whether organically or inorganically.
"I think of it as how would we do it, if we were disrupting our own business. If you look at what Amazon did, it was growing exponentially, it put Barnes and Noble pretty much out of business and then they disrupted their own business by bringing in the Kindle," Lonergan told ET.
"So what is our Kindle moment?
That is what I spend a lot of time thinking about because the current consulting model has a pretty poor shelf life," The advisory unit will think of a business that is much more asset based, much more reliant on its own intellectual property and would have to potentially sell more subscription-type services and would even look at whether it wants to employ 1,00,000 people, Lonergan said.
Helping the advisory business more than double revenue in the next five years will be countries like India. When the advisory practice began in 2006, it focused on the developed economies to build cred ibility but now, as those markets mature, focus is moving to countries like India and so is investment.
"We are investing heavily in building out our risk practice and our management consulting prac tice. Going forward, it's pretty clear to anybody who hasn't been living in a cave for the last 10 years, that India is going to be vitally important," Lonergan said.
In July, EY opened its cyber forensics and eDiscovery Centre in Hyderabad and has been bulking up teams and expects to see strong headcount growth going forward.EY expects its headcount to increase by 22,000 to 25,000 in the next four years, taking its total employee base to 40,000 plus in 2018, ET had reported in January. This includes staff at outsourcing centres in Gurgaon, Bengaluru , Thiruvananthapuram, Chennai and Kochi where more than 9,000 people are currently employed.
India is not just a low-cost delivery centre. "We are looking at India not just as an outsourcing shared services centre. I am talking about the consulting business we are going to build here with clients that are going to be dominant global players in the years to come. It's a vital part of our strategy," Lonergan said.
EY expects 30% of its revenue will come from emerging markets by 2020, and the firm has earmarked $1.5 billion in investment to support that growth across all its different businesses.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Draft report on insurance bill tabled in Rajya Sabha  may sail throughDec 10, 2014, 06.17 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Select panel's insurance bill report tabled in Rajya Sabha
Rajya Sabha may approve report if there are not many dissents. The draft report, among other things has recommended 49 percent composite FDI in insurance, suggested changes in definition of reinsurance, sought to define the term `control' in Insurance Act and proposed power to IRDA in formulating norms subject to acts and rules.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Select panel's insurance bill report tabled in Rajya Sabha
Rajya Sabha may approve report if there are not many dissents. The draft report, among other things has recommended 49 percent composite FDI in insurance, suggested changes in definition of reinsurance, sought to define the term `control' in Insurance Act and proposed power to IRDA in formulating norms subject to acts and rules.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The select committee report on the insurance Bill, headed by Chandan Mitra, has been tabled in Rajya Sabha today. The draft report, among other things has recommended 49 percent composite FDI in insurance, suggested changes in definition of reinsurance, sought to define the term `control' in Insurance Act and proposed power to IRDA in formulating norms subject to acts and rules.
The panel has accepted suggestions to the draft insurance bill made by Opposition Congress.
Speaking about the bill to CNBC-TV18's Ekta Batra and Latha Venkatesh, Ashvin Parekh, Managing Partner of Ashvin Parekh Advisory Services says it is a long awaited and may go through if there aren't many dissents. He clarified that composite FDI includes FDI, FPI and NRI components as well. Former LIC chairman SB Mathur feels the bill, if it becomes a law in this session itself, will lead to many insurance companies becoming public by 2016.
Below is the transcript of Ashvin Parekh, SB Mathur and Sanjiv Bajaj\\'s interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Finally that day has come, give us a sense in terms of what you expect this select panel to possibly throw up and when would you see the bill see the light of day?
Parekh: It is a long awaited bill now. The first draft was made in 2008 and then in 2014 we saw some more additions being made. Everything depends on the recommendations made by the committee and also the order of dessent. The larger parties in the Opposition have recommended that the amendment should have happened. If foreign investment in insurance sector is permitted to go up to 49 percent, then I suppose the order of dessent will decide. If we don’t have too much of dessent, then the Upper House may approve in which case it goes to the President for notification and it becomes an Act thereafter.
Ekta: There is that composite FDI which is now possibly going to be 49 percent according to select panel report. Your thoughts on it and what exactly does that composite 49 percent FDI entail?
Parekh: It is composite foreign investment. What it would therefore mean is, as I understand, that it will have FDI as well as the FII components. So what it will mean is that 49 percent is not hard cast, it is left to the shareholders. For instance, if a foreign shareholder decides to keep his investment up to 26 percent then he may allow the Indian company to offer the rest of its equity to the market which then can be picked up by the FII. So I am personally very glad. I must say that these are very welcome suggestions. The matter of how much of within that 49 percent is FDI, how much of it is FII is entirely left to the shareholders. Each shareholder agreement, the way it has been drawn, will now decide, will now discuss about the entire thing. What worries me, however, is the definition of the Indian management control. That is something that we may have to examine the fine print basically.
Ekta: When you say definition of Indian management control and defining it in the fine print, what do you mean, what would be the cause for concern there?
Parekh: The whole question is the class of equity that either the FIIs or the foreign investors will get. For instance, if we restrict the voting rights, that is a second class of equity that is required to be offered to the foreign investors then I suppose it would not be a complete reform. The valuation itself will suffer because equity with voting rights and equity without voting rights are two different things altogether. So that is one observation I am making.
The second observation is it shouldn’t become a hindrance. So far we have seen that after almost about 58-59 partnerships that have happened, the foreign partners have worked very closely with the Indian partners, we haven’t had any dispute or any major issue in regards of the shareholder understanding. This creating a new class of equity could be a bit problematic. So I would say if Indian management control only keeps itself to 51 percent of equity, which the Indian shareholders put together could own then it is fine. Then the definition is a very workable definition.
Ekta: Coming back to composite FDI, I just wanted to get a sense, would it then mean that a couple of these insurance companies which are now subsidiaries of bigger companies would have to be hived off in order for them to take advantage?
Parekh: That is going to be only one of the implications. I don’t think that is too much of an implication because all these investments made by the parent companies, in many cases it is conglomorates and also banking companies. These are investments, these are not subsidiary organisations as yet -- these are subsidiary organisations but in the books of banks, these are investments basically in the form of shares held in these entities. So I would say that by virtue of being a shareholder of a JV company, the person does not automatically become the shareholder of the bank. So I am not too much worried about the structure part but I am certainly concerned about the composite limit to the extent that if it was entirely FDI, which was the original reform, fortunately they have now changed it to composite limit. So in that regard, I would say it is a very welcome move. What will happen is if he had said that it was only going to be permissible by way of FDI that it would have created a deadlock situation. One shareholder has 49 percent the other shareholder has 51 percent, nobody will take the equity to the market unless both of them jointly agree to take it to the market.
Latha: Do you expect in the next 18 months, somebody will come to the market?
Parekh: This will certainly pave way for the Indian promoters. If I look at the life insurance sector particularly where huge amount of capital is required, I am seeing that at least four-five companies are almost ready to take the equity to the market. Their performance do show that they have started making profits and then there is no need for additional capital in these cases, so they can take it to the market. So I am certainly seeing that. Your point on price discoveries are very valid one. If let us say out of these first four-five, all of them have done extremely well in the last 12 years, they have built a good portfolio, a good life fund, they go to the market then we may get certain order of price and then it creates a market. It creates the market for the others also to follow in that particular area.
Latha: It now looks like when the Select Committee tabling its report in parliament it is only a matter of days before the cabinet approves it and tables the bill itself could happen in this session or most likely the bill becomes law in this session itself. How do you see the contents that are known so far?
Mathur: I feel it is a welcome step. Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) if being raised to 49 percent would not have driven the valuation so much. We have seen in the said capital market it is the Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) who drive the valuation and to that extent Indian promoters should be thankful that the FII will be there to give them a good value for money, they have been kept invested for more than 10 years now. So, they will get good valuations.
Number two I see it more as restoring the credibility of the country as a whole. We have been talking for the last 14 years even before this sector was opened up that it will be taken to 49. Successive governments have made this declaration and it is kind of we were losing acceptance that everybody is saying it should be 49 and they have not been able to do it. So to that extent I see it as a welcome measure.
Secondly the other thing of the insurance bill which are very critical, one of them is section 45 which gives the insurer right to repudiate a policy in case a violation of claim. They were tinkering it, within Rajya Sabha presentations were made to the select committee that you are curbing policyholder’s rights and unnecessarily exposing them to risk, denial of a claim. So, it should not be done or it should be modified. I would love to see what the committee has recommended on that.
So that is very critical because they were raising the period from two years i.e. the policy, if it is taken today if early claim happens within two years and there is deliberate non-disclosure the claim could be repudiated. Now the amended bill suggested that this period to be raised to three years instead of two years. So, instead of two years policy holders could repudiate up to three years and they had also included cases of involuntary nondisclosure i.e. I am not aware, I have made a wrong statement or I have conceded a fact which is not done deliberately. Even those cases are now covered which is a very dangerous trend because death claim settlement has to be very customer friendly.
Latha: It looks sure shot that the winter session is going to see the passage of insurance bill. How do things change for you? In the next 18 months do we see you come to the market?
A: Finally we are seeing light at the end of what was a very long tunnel but yes, I am hopeful now that this bill does get passed. We don’t as Bajaj Allianz need to go to the market. We have been building this business very gradually and profitably. So, we are adequately capitalised, but there will be many other companies that are in urgent need of capital and this bill once it becomes an act should end up benefitting them as well.
RELATED NEWS

Govt may soon rationalise coal linkages of 40 power projsDec 10, 2014, 01.33 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt may soon rationalise coal linkages of 40 power projs
The proposal includes swapping agreements for power projects of companies including Adani Power, Indiabulls Power and NTPC, among others.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt may soon rationalise coal linkages of 40 power projs
The proposal includes swapping agreements for power projects of companies including Adani Power, Indiabulls Power and NTPC, among others.
Post your opinion here
 
The government could soon finalise the proposal for coal linkage rationalisation and swapping arrangements of about 40 thermal power projects, a move that is expected to save up to Rs 6,000 crore in logistics cost.
The proposal includes swapping agreements for power projects of companies including Adani Power , Indiabulls Power and NTPC , among others.
The Inter Ministerial Task Force (IMTF), which was formed to undertake a comprehensive review of existing coal sources and consider feasibility for rationalisation of linkages, has approved coal linkage rationalisation for 18-20 thermal power plants, according to sources.
IMTF comprises officials from the Ministries of Power, Coal, Railways and the Central Electricity Authority.
Sources said, consultancy firm KPMG has listed out 20 proposals for the coal swapping arrangements.
KPMG, in its report to the Ministry of Power, has stated that 20 proposals for the swapping arrangements are feasible.
The swapping arrangement between NTPC for its thermal power plant in Chhattisgarh with Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited (GSECL) are estimated to save about Rs 720 crore per year on the logistics front.
The report said, the western Maharashtra's plants which are closer to the ports can swap domestic linkages with imports of hinterland plants in eastern Maharashtra. It estimated possible logistic saving of Rs 303 crore annually.
KPMG also gave a list of possible swaps including Indiabulls plant and Sterlite Energy's project in the region.
Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (RRVUNL), which is nearly equidistant from both port and the Northern Coalfields Ltd (NCL) mines, can swap domestic linkages with imports of hinterland plants of NTPC.
Similarly, thermal power projects in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab can benefit from the swapping pacts saving close to Rs 456 crore.
KPMG also suggested that the generating stations of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) are closer to the coast and even domestic coal is taken by the sea route to these stations. These plants can increase the coal import quantities through port arrangements.
It added, NTPC can switch its coal imports with domestic linkages providing coal to TANGECO.
Sources said, approximately between Rs 4,500 crore to Rs 6,000 crore logistics cost can be saved through these proposals of coal linkage rationalization and swapping
arrangements.

Suicide attempt no longer an offence as MHA decides to delete Section 309 of IPCYou are here: Home > Collections > Provision
Attempting suicide no longer crime under IPC
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bihar government
(For years, the states have…)
NEW DELHI: The state will now have no power to forcibly take a fasting Iron Sharmila or Anna Hazare to hospital to stop them from giving up their life. An attempt to commit suicide is no longer an offence, with the home ministry deciding to delete the provision from the statute book.
"We welcome this step as the state has abused this provision to suppress the political struggle of Sharmila and arrest her wrongly many times over the last 15 years using this provision. There is no point criminalising an act of attempted suicide," Sharmila's associate Babloo Loitongbam told ET.
The Centre has taken this step despite concerns from some states that they would be handicapped from stopping persons who resort to threatening the government by sitting on fast until death or self immolation to press for their demands. The Delhi government even asked the Centre to create special statutory provisions for conferring powers on the police to prevent suicide attempts when it is done as a blackmail tactic.
For years, the states have been forcibly removing protestors like Irom Sharmila from fast-unto-death sites and moving them to hospitals on the grounds that their actions amounted to attempting suicide punishable under Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code. A person who survives an attempted suicide can be prosecuted under the section for up to a year's jail term. The move has the backing of 18 states and four Union Territories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil falls below $66 on ample supply  rising ...You are here: Home > Collections
Brent resumes its fall, losing $1 on oversupply worries
Dec 10, 2014, 03.07PM IST
Tags:
Brent
(Brent crude dropped around…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil slipped below $66 a barrel on Wednesday, just above a five-year low, on mounting signs of oversupply and lacklustre demand as global economic growth falters.
The price of the North Sea oil benchmark has fallen more than 40 percent since June as new supplies of high-quality crude from North America have fed a glut of fuel in many parts of the world.
Data from the American Petroleum Institute (API) on Tuesday showed US crude oil inventories rose by 4.4 million barrels last week to 377.4 million barrels, compared with analysts' expectations of a drop of 2.2 million.
US gasoline and distillate stocks also showed big builds, the API said.
Brent futures for January fell to a low of $65.68 a barrel, down $1.16, before recovering slightly to trade around $65.90 by 0850 GMT. The contract reached $65.29 on Tuesday, its lowest since September 2009.
US crude futures were down $1 at $62.82 a barrel.
"Almost all the news flow points to a weaker market," said Carsten Fritsch, oil analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
"We have had very bearish API data with large stock builds across the board, and also a very bearish Short-Term Energy Outlook from the EIA, with a sharp reduction in demand growth forecasts for next year."
The US Energy Information Administration cut its global oil demand growth estimate for 2015 by 240,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 880,000 bpd. It forecast oil demand growth this year would be around 960,000 bpd.
Global oil demand has been capped by slowing economic growth in China as well as stagnation in many more-developed economies, particularly in Europe.
"The fundamental picture hasn't really changed, and that is one of supply outstripping demand growth for most of the year," said Phin Ziebell, a senior analyst at National Australia Bank.
"It's an incessant march downwards, and it would be interesting to see where it bottoms out, but there doesn't seem to be any sign of it so far."
Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) are divided on how to respond to the global surplus and falling prices. The cartel may still hold an emergency meeting before its June gathering, Algeria's energy minister said on Tuesday.
Top oil producer Saudi Arabia blocked production cuts at the last meeting in November and has taken steps to shore up its market share.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi cab rape: Police to question Uber Asia-Pacific head againComments
Delhi Police on Wednesday recovered the iPhone which was provided by Uber to the cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old finance company executive last Friday inside the cab.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
The accused driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, had allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim was headed back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
The smartphone was recovered from Mathura after Yadav was questioned. Police have already recovered two of the three phones used by Yadav.
Uber provides its cab drivers an iPhone with the Uber app. Customers book a cab through the company's App. The system then sends a message to the driver of a cab nearest to the customer and when he accepts the 'assignment', his name, photo and other details of the cab, like its registration number, is sent to the customer through the app.
"The phone is an important evidence for us. It will prove that Yadav works for Uber which will help us prove the culpability of the cab service. It will also prove that Yadav was driving the cab which the victim has booked," said a senior police official.
Its GPS signature will help corroborate the route from where she was picked, the course the cab took to reach the spot where the crime took place and the time he dropped the victim near her home, he added.
The accused driver had dropped a message in the company's system that the customer has been dropped and then exited the app. He had then fled to Mathura.
Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime
Uber execs questioned
Meanwhile, Eric Alexander, Uber's Asia-Pacific head, was called in for questioning by Delhi Police for the second consecutive day on Wednesday.
He was issued a notice by the police under Section 91 of the CrPC to provide certain documents of the company and he joined the investigation on Tuesday.
"We have asked him to submit documents under eight pointers which include details of all the taxis and its drivers working with them and how they checked their antecedents as well as the details of the directors of the company," a senior police official said.
Delhi Police has been questioning senior Uber officials for the last three days.
Alexander, along with other senior Uber executives, also visited the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) office Tuesday after being summoned by it.
Delhi Police has already filed an FIR against Uber, charging it with cheating its customers and defying government orders. The company was also banned from operating in Delhi on Monday followed by Hyderabad on Tuesday.
In an interview to HT, Uber's Head of Asia operations Allen Penn said that Uber's image was their last concern.
"We want to see that justice is done," said Penn.
He also apologised to Uber users and said that safety was the cab service's number one priority. He also pledged support to the survivor's family.
"It is a terrible crime that has happened and we are deeply sorry for her what has happened to her."
Telangana, Andhra ban Uber as well
Authorities in both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh too banned Uber. The transport departments in both the states said Uber has no permission to operate and advised people to refrain from hiring the app-based cab service.
In Hyderabad and neighbouring Ranga Reddy district, special teams of Road Transport Authority (RTA) and police Wednesday launched a crackdown on Uber and other service operating illegally.
The officials seized several cabs in Hyderabad and Cyberabad police commissionerates for unauthorised operations.

Delhi rape: Accused s previous conduct will be considered  says Delhi Police Chiefe lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Uber misleads customers on driver verification  nature of its businessDec 10, 2014 at  02:38pm IST
Uber misleads customers on driver verification, nature of its business
13
0
Mumbai: After the Delhi rape, Uber representatives claimed that they were only aggregators and didn't carry out driver verification but in an email reply to a customer's query regarding the verification of drivers on November 3, Uber claimed the opposite. Infact, driver partners are put through a rigorous quality control process. So Uber was misleading.
Shirin Talwar, a recruitment consultant was the one who wrote the mails. An excerpt is below.
Shirin Talwar on November 3 wrote an email to Uber asking them:
#uber #uber cabs #safety measures #mumbai
"As you are aware in cities like Mumbai there would be a need to make sure drivers have basic security check done to ensure there is no record of violent or sexual crime. As you would realise crime against women is an issue and we would need to know that it is safe to get into the taxi with a driver who has had a security verification."
In reply an Uber spokesperson wrote:
"In addition to their individual employers screening them each of our driver partners are put through a rigorous quality control process that is implemented religiously across the country even before a partner gets behind the wheel of your vehicle. Infact screening for safe drivers is just the beginning of our safety efforts."
"Unlike the taxi industry our background checking process and standards are so detailed it is often more rigorous than what is required to become a taxi driver. Moreover most of our partners are introduced to us via our preferred partners which means someone in the system has to vouch for their track record creating a referral system of trust."
21

New foreign trade policy under consultation:...(The policy deals with export…)
NEW DELHI: A new foreign trade policy (FTP) is under consultation and finalisation, government said today.
The policy deals with export and import related activities of the country. Government also announces incentives in the policy to boost exports.
"The new FTP is under consultation and finalisation," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
The reply assumes significance as exporters are raising concerns over the delay in announcement of the FTP. Eight months of the current fiscal are already over.
Growth rate of India's exports entered the negative zone after a gap of six months, declining 5.04 per cent in October due to a dip in shipments from major sectors such as engineering, pharma and gems and jewellery.
Replying to a separate question on trade deficit, she said that one of the important markets for Indian exports - Euro Zone - is presently facing problems of stagnation and deflation.
She also said that despite forecast of slowing down of exports globally, "India's exports in most of the segments of MSME sector have not come down during 2014-15. Therefore, it would not be proper to conclude that stopping of interest subsidy to exporters has affected the MSME exports".
Replying to a separate question on special economic zones, the minister said exports from these zones stood at Rs 2.34 lakh crore in April-September this fiscal.
"The total investment in SEZ till September 30 is Rs 3,80,284 crore. The contribution of SEZ exports in the total exports of the country is 23.71 per cent," she said adding till now 196 SEZs are exporting.
Out of total notified area of 46,085.55 hectares in respect of 370 notified zones, 18,299.29 hectares are lying vacant in processing area.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IATA predicts $25 bln airlines  profit in 2015You are here: Home > Collections > Iata
IATA ups global airlines' 2014 profit outlook, sees $25 billion in 2015
Reuters Dec 10, 2014, 03.38PM IST
Tags:
economy
(The Geneva-based association…)
GENEVA: Falling fuel prices and stronger economic growth mean global airlines will report their strongest profit margin in more than five years in 2015, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said.
The Geneva-based association, which represents around 250 airlines accounting for 84 percent of global air traffic, said net profit would rise to $25 billion in 2015, giving a profit margin of 3.2 percent.
The last time the industry reported a margin nearly that high was in 2010, when it reached 3.1 percent.
"The industry outlook is improving. The global economy continues to recover and the fall in oil prices should strengthen the upturn next year," IATA Director General Tony Tyler said.
However, Tyler added a note of caution.
"A 3.2 percent net profit margin does not leave much room for a deterioration in the external environment before profits are hit," he said.
IATA also increased its profit forecast for 2014 to $19.9 billion in 2014, up from a previous estimate of $18 billion.
Airlines' spend on fuel will drop to $192 billion in 2015, from an expected $204 billion this year, IATA said.
Airline stocks have risen in recent weeks fuelled by the falling price of oil.
Brent crude oil slipped below $66 a barrel on Wednesday, just above a five-year low, a fall of more than 40 percent since June.
But analysts have warned lower fuel prices often go hand-in-hand with lower yields.
During the sharp drop in oil in 2008, airlines increased seats, leading to overcapacity and lower ticket prices, BofA Merrill Lynch said earlier this week.
IATA'S global outlook also reflects differing fortunes for airlines in different parts of the world. North American airlines, which have undergone a period of consolidation and restructuring, are expected to make the highest profit margins in 2015 of six percent, exceeding peaks seen in the late 1990s.
In Europe, the profit margin is forecast at just 1.8 percent. IATA says profitability is hampered by intense competition in the region while regulatory and tax burdens are high and infrastructure is inefficient.
Lufthansa, Europe's largest airline group by revenue, in October cut its 2015 profit target, citing economic slowdown and intense competition.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex @ close: SBI gains over 3% sugar  banking stocks top gainersYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex, Nifty in green; top 20 intraday calls
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 03.40PM IST
Tags:
(Sensex bounced back in intraday…)
NEW DELHI: The Sensex bounced back after losing as much as 87 points earlier in the day.
The surge came after China's stock market saw a sharp rebound, gaining over 2% in intraday deals.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also bounced back from its intraday low and was trading near its crucial psychological level of 8350.
At 2:31 pm, the Sensex was at 27,837.89; up 40.88 points.
The Nifty was at 8,359.10; up 18.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3260 and a stop loss of Rs 3360
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2616
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 414.50
Jindal Steel & Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 144.90
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2505 and a stop loss of Rs 2601
Bharti Airtel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Voltas Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 257 and a stop loss of Rs 269
SKS Microfinance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 361
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
ACC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1400 and a stop loss of Rs 1432
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2540 and a stop loss of Rs 2630
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 10 stocks to buy in December; can return upto 30%: Torrent Power is best pick in packTop six stocks that can return upto 35% in 2 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 11, 2014, 11.17AM IST
Tags:
ACC Cements
(December is generally seen…)
NEW DELHI: The month of December has no doubt stemmed the surge on Dalal Street, with both Sensex and Nifty are below their respective crucial support levels, indicating a further weakness or consolidation for the rest of the month.
After rallying over 6700 points so far in the year 2014, S&P BSE Sensex has slipped over 900 points so far in the month of December.
December is generally seen a month of rally which is supported by fund flows, but this year much of the good news has already been factored. And, a turmoil in global market will cap gains.
With most of the domestic events are behind us, globally the most important event poised to strike Indian markets is US Fed policy decision. Recently US jobs data showed pick in labor market and steady unemployment rate.
"By and large the December month should depend on how the global economies fare for the Christmas season in terms of consumption. If that goes well then those economies will price in a better economic expectation for the next calendar year," says Dr. Vikas Gupta of Arthveda Fund Management Pvt Ltd.
December could be a slow month, say experts because most of the mark moving events are behind us, but there will be significant triggers starting January uptill Budget 2015, they say.
"Currently, there are no specific triggers as far as domestic markets are concerned. That is the reason why you are not seeing significant flows coming in. December typically is a dull month in terms of FII activity," says Nipun Mehta, Founder & CEO, Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"But there will be significant triggers in January. We will start seeing December quarter results, some of which are expected to be really good. The markets will start looking forward to a potential rate cut and the Budget will be looked forward to," he adds.
Mehta do not see elongated period of consolidation. It could happen for maybe two or three weeks when there are specific triggers missing. Those kind of dips may come about. But they will only present opportunities to buy, he added.
We have collated list of stocks from various experts that can be bought for a period of 2-12 months:
Abhijit Tambe, Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities.
Adani Ports: Target price set at Rs 300
Companies Q2 profits were seen surging by 39% year on year with strong support from power generation at Tata & Mundra. With recent clearance from Coastal Regulatory Body could weigh on stock price. Company is set to commission its 14.1 million ton per year dry break bulk cargo handling terminal at Tuna Tekra. Stock has seen correction in past few sessions and is a good opportunity to buy with the target price of Rs. 300.
ACC Cements: Target price set at Rs 1550
Stocks of major cement companies are trading on positive note as sales volume have increased despite prices remaining low. Several companies reported strong sales volume growth of around 8-30% for November across regions on a low base of last year. According to the charts, stock is making higher lows and yet to breach its high levels. Stock is expected to perform well when compared to others and could test 1550 levels.
Indraprastha Gas Limited: Target price set at Rs 465
The stock has been holding steady despite the steep fall in Global Natural Gas prices. With winter approaching in USA, Natural Gas prices are expected to recover in the coming month and the company could be one of the biggest beneficiaries from that.
ONGC: Target price set at Rs 385
Crude Oil Prices have fallen steeply in the past couple of weeks after OPEC decided to continue with their supply of Crude and ONGC stock price fell along with Crude Prices. Crude Oil Prices may have touched its floor and is expected to rebound from these levels and ONGC can also be expected to rebound.
 
Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Delta Corp - Target price set at Rs 135-150
Delta Corp is in short term sideways trend. As the stock is trading above its 200 DMA and sustaining above the support level of 75. It is likely to experience fresh buying with the crossing of next resistance mark of 105. One may expect the targets of 135-150 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 75.
Torrent Power - Target price set at Rs 210
Torrent Power is in correction phase, but after giving breakout of reversal pattern it is managing to sustain above the neckline of the pattern. It is likely to show recovery in near term with the crossing of the level of 174. Support is at 146. One can expect the targets of 205-210 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 146.
Sharekhan

Nifty ends above 8350  Sensex flat; SBI up 3.5%  BHEL fallsDec 10, 2014, 03.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends above 8350, Sensex flat; SBI up 3%, BHEL falls
SBI gained 3.5 percent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends above 8350, Sensex flat; SBI up 3%, BHEL falls
SBI gained 3.5 percent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market close
After a volatile day of trade, the market ended on a flat note. The Sensex ended up 34.09 points at 27831.10, and the Nifty was up 14.95 points at 8355.65. About 1681 shares have advanced, 1255 shares declined, and 110 shares are unchanged.
SBI gained 3.5 percent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
03:15 pm Gold & silver check
Gold prices today soared by Rs 650 to Rs 27,470 per ten gram in the bullion market here on strong seasonal demand and firm trends in global markets. Silver also rose sharply by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
A fall in rupee value against the US dollar and increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing wedding season lifted prices of the precious metal, bullion traders said. A cheaper rupee makes imports of the metal costlier. The rupee was trading weak at 62.05 against the US dollar at the forex market.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 650 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per ten grams respectively. It had gained Rs 170 yesterday. Sovereign traded Rs 100 higher at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Don't miss: Softening commodity prices: Which stocks to bet on now?
03:00pm Coal linkage rationalisation soon
The government could soon finalise the proposal for coal linkage rationalisation and swapping arrangements of about 40 thermal power projects, a move that is expected to save up to Rs 6,000 crore in logistics cost.
The proposal includes swapping agreements for power projects of companies including Adani Power, Indiabulls Power and NTPC, among others.
The Inter Ministerial Task Force (IMTF), which was formed to undertake a comprehensive review of existing coal sources and consider feasibility for rationalisation of linkages, has approved coal linkage rationalisation for 18-20 thermal power plants, according to sources.
IMTF comprises officials from the Ministries of Power, Coal, Railways and the Central Electricity Authority.
Sources said, consultancy firm KPMG has listed out 20 proposals for the coal swapping arrangements.
02:45pm Reliance Capital in Focus
Looking to cash in on e-commerce boom, Reliance Capital is all set to sell its 16 percent stake in leading travel portal Yatra.com for an estimated Rs 500 crore and is in talks with 2-3 international investors.
The deal would mark an over 12-times appreciation for this investment by Reliance Capital, the financial services arm of Anil Ambani-led business conglomerate Reliance Group, which had acquired a 16 percent stake in the online travel company for Rs 40 crore in 2006.
Sources said that Reliance Cap is in talks with 2-3 leading international investors to sell this 16 per cent stake for an estimated USD 80 million (about Rs 500 crore). The identity of the interested buyers could not be ascertained, reports PTI.
When contacted, a Reliance Capital spokesperson said: "We continuously evaluate opportunities to unlock the value of our minority investments to enhance shareholders value."
02:30pm Jewellery stocks in News
Shares in gold companies are trading higher. India will announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating star trading houses export 100 percent of gold imports, sources told Reuters.
The proposed changes will give companies more flexibility amid global price fluctuations - traders say.
Titan Company gained 2.5 percent, Gitanjali Gems surged 7.98 percent and Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri is up 4.1 percent.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained choppy in afternoon trade today, exhibiting resilience as the Nifty maintained its head above 8350 despite global volatility while the broader markets outperformed.
The BSE Sensex rose 89.08 points to 27886.09 and the Nifty climbed 26.40 points to 8367.10 while the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 1 percent each. About 1615 shares have advanced while 1121 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Jim Walker of Asianomics says the Chinese economy is slowing down rapidly and is growing at 5-6 percent, which is nowhere close to 7 percent forecasted earlier. He expects the growth to slowdown to 3-4 percent in 2015.
Talking about China, the Shanghai closed in the green, bouncing back in late trade after falling initially. The economic data continued to be weak as China November consumer inflation eased to 5-year low of 1.4 percent stoking expectations that Beijing will move more aggressively to head off the risk of deflation in a slowing economy.
Sugar stocks like Bajaj Hindusthan, Shree Renuka Sugars, Balrampur Chini, Triveni Engineering, Dhampur Sugar and Sakthi Sugars saw huge buying interest, jumping 4-9 percent.
Tata Power topped the buying list, up 2.6 percent after the company decided to acquire Ideal Energy Projects in Maharashtra. Ideal Energy owns 540 MW thermal power project in Nagpur; hence Tata Power said its generating capacity will increase to 8,885 MW.
The select panel on insurance recommended a composite cap of 49 percent on all forms of FDI and FPI, saying term 'control' must be defined in the Insurance Act in the report tabled in the Rajya Sabha today.
The rupee weakened for the third straight session today, trading at 62 to the dollar versus a close of 61.88 yesterday tracking weak Aasian and local equities.
13:00
SBI gains 2%, FMCG drags; BSE Sensex, Nifty sluggish
Bank stocks are lending major support to the indices. SBI is up over 2 percent while Tata Power, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite and Cipla are major gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Bajaj Auto, Sun Pharma, HUL, ITC and GAIL.

Avoid cos with China exposure  more slowdown seen: Jim Walker08:00 am
Jim Walker of Asianomics says China is growing at 5-6 percent, much below its forecast growth of 7 percent for this calendar. In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says China’s GDP growth could slowdown to 3-4 percent in 2015, and that China's stock market is still not factoring the slowdown, which is expected to intensify in the coming months.
Walker is bullish on India, but is advising investors to stay from from stocks of companies with exposure to China. He sees companies catering to the luxury goods segment in China being impacted.
Below is the transcript of Jim Walker's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: We spoke to you less than a fortnight ago and you have been quite bullish on India but since then things have changed a bit for the worse. Would you be concerned about what is happening in China with respect to the growth slowdown?
A: It is very clear that the Chinese economy is certainly slowing and slowing rapidly. It hasn’t been reflected in its stock market but you can never tell what is going on in China when markets are moving the way they are. The real story is about the growth rate in China and the outlook for that continues to be negative into 2015.
Latha: How would you read today's consumer price index (CPI) numbers and producer price index (PPI) numbers which are in year on year fall of 2.7 percent? Is this just a reflection of commodities or is it reflecting a deeper problem in China?
A: The PPI in China has been falling for most of the last three years. If you look at the series then that number has been negative year on year for quite some time. So it’s a reflection of part of the major problem in China and that’s the fact that they build far too much capacity in industrial economy and in order to get that capacity moving that having to cut prices. So it’s huge oversupply in specific sectors in China. This is not really a reflection of the commodity price fall. It’s a much more structural malaise in the Chinese economy and there is going to be further fall in producer prices in particular over the course of the next few years.  
Latha: For equity or risk investors all across the world what is the biggest worry, is it China or is it Europe and is it a big worry or will risk assets continue to perform, be the best asset class as they have been in 2014?
A: I think Japan is a mass of concern because of what they have been doing - basing their currency and effectively letting the yen fall. Europe isn’t growing, the southern part of Europe having to try and move towards more competitive position with Germany. Of course the China slowdown is concerning as well but some times we overlook United States and what is going on there now is quite concerning too because one of the key element in growth story in the US has been shale oil and with oil prices where they are just now that part of the growth story is going to come undone. If we look at what’s happened with high yield energy debt in the last few weeks; it does look like another significant problem for the US banking system. So there are few problems all over the place but we are still looking very positively at India because India cleared most of its problems over the last two years.

The Brands That Build India: Amul s fascinating journeyDec 09, 2014, 04.53 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Brands That Build India: Amul's fascinating journey
Take a look at Amul’s fascinating journey on CNBC-TV18’s new series - The Brands That Build India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The Brands That Build India: Amul's fascinating journey
Take a look at Amul’s fascinating journey on CNBC-TV18’s new series - The Brands That Build India.
Post your opinion here

Cipla s arm Meditab sells stake in Jiangsu for USD 18.5 mnDec 10, 2014, 03.16 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Cipla's arm Meditab sells stake in Jiangsu for USD 18.5 mn
The closing of the transaction is subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals in China, it added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla's arm Meditab sells stake in Jiangsu for USD 18.5 mn
The closing of the transaction is subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals in China, it added.
Post your opinion here
 
Drug major Cipla  today said its Mauritius subsidiary Meditab Holdings has signed a deal to sell its entire 48.22 percent stake in China-based Jiangsu Cdymax Pharmaceuticals for USD 18.5 million (over Rs 114 crore).
"Meditab Holdings Ltd, Mauritius, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its entire 48.22 percent equity interest in Jiangsu Cdymax Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd, China to an affiliate of one of the other shareholders of Jiangsu, for a total consideration of USD 18.5 million," Cipla said in a filing to the BSE.
The closing of the transaction is subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals in China, it added.
Shares of Cipla were today trading at Rs 648 per scrip in the afternoon trade on the BSE, up 1.27 percent from its previous close.
Also read:  Aurobindo Pharma completes USD 132.5 mn Natrol acquisition
Cipla stock price
On January 02, 2015, at  15:33 hrs Cipla was quoting at Rs 630.05, up Rs 1.80, or 0.29 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 671.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 366.70.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.02 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 41.95. The latest book value of the company is Rs 125.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.01.
RELATED NEWS

Kargil was in response to Indias role in creation of Bangladesh:MusharrafBy: Press Trust of India | Karachi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 4:01 pm
Pakistan’s former military dictator Gen Pervez Musharraf has said he believes in a tit-for-tat policy on all fronts and claimed that Kargil conflict was in response to India’s role in the creation of Bangladesh.
71-year-old former president, who masterminded the Kargil conflict in 1999 and ruled over Pakistan for nine years, said that India had played role in creating Bangladesh and trying to seize Siachin.
“They also undertook such operations so Kargil also happened,” he told Samaa TV channel.
“I believed in a tit-for-tat policy on all fronts,” said Musharraf, who was the chief of the Pakistani army during the Kargil conflict in 1999.
Musharraf, who is currently facing treason charges, said that “friendship with India is only possible on equal terms and with both countries respecting each other.”
He said if India would take one step towards friendship Pakistan would respond by taking two steps forward.
“People think I don’t want friendship with India it is not like that. Relations with India were good in my tenure. We were close to resolving major disputes pertaining to Kashmir, Sir Creek and water treaty,” Musharraf said.
He said that friendship with India was possible even with the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We should have good relations with India even if Modi is prime minister but not by bowing down to India or accepting their aggression. If they continue in aggressive acts and proxy acts then we can also respond in similar fashion,” he added.

Want to automate your home Here is everything you need toknowHomeowners should differentiate between what is 'must have' and what is 'nice to have' especially when the budget limitation. (Source: Lutron Electronics)
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:53 pm
Home automation is a term that finds excessive use these days. Simply put, smart homes are associated with a system that provisions centralised control of lighting, heating, ventilation & air-conditioning (HVAC) appliances, shades, AV systems, security locks of gates.
With the number of smart devices – smartphones, tablets and now the smartwatch on the rise, interconnection and communication has become a useful and desirable feature.
Why Home Automation?
Home automation means convenience, efficiency, comfort and security. Here is how it works:
Convenience: Easy access to dim or increase the intensity of lights, control shades etc with the touch of a button on your tablet/smartphone or a dynamic keypad.
Efficiency: Automation systems help easily control and reduce the power consumption of electrical appliances and fittings.
Comfort: Automation can present environments for you without any real effort.
Security: Using automation sensors and communications technologies, homes can be carefully and constantly monitored from anywhere.
How it works: For example, remote monitoring in home automation could be triggered when a smoke detector detects a fire or smoke condition, causing all lights in the house to blink to alert any occupants of the house to the possible emergency. If the house is equipped with a home theater, the home automation system can shut down all audio and video components to avoid distractions, or make an audible announcement.
How to do it?
Building a smart house requires basic thoughts on design and technology. Taking control of things should be done unobtrusively and ensuring maximum efficiency.
Things to keep in mind
There are a few things that one needs to keep in mind while considering the shift. With the advent of wireless solutions, a retrofit installation is much more affordable than in the past. However, planning for home automation when building a new home remains the optimum opportunity to install the technology of your choice and save on infrastructure costs.
If you are building/planning to build a new home and are planning to install home automation systems, it is important to plan it in the early phase. It is always less expensive to install home automation systems while a home is being built rather than to wait till the very end.
With the architecture that you are looking at for your new home, the technology will be incorporated into it accordingly, blending in perfectly. Thinking of automation synchronously with construction plan means that the touch panels, keypads can easily be flush mounted into the walls.
Once installed, the wiring needed for automation systems can be used to add more devices like speakers, televisions, security systems etc. But it is imperative to have all the connections in place well in advance. It not only reduces the cost upfront but also gets rid of the trouble that one has to undergo with the change or addition to wiring once you are residing in the home. In fact, home automation providers these days are working closely with interior designers and architects to help coordinate your living style with controls that might be required.
State-of-the-art light automation systems involve the use of wireless switches and dimmers as against
manual switches. To determine which lights need automation it is useful to think of lighting scenes.
Typical lighting scenes are sunset, night lights, morning time, dinner, party, entertainment. A room with different kinds of lighting can serve various purposes – movie screening or reading which is determined by the intensity of light. These scenes provide certain lighting levels depending on the time of day or a particular event taking place in the home. Once you have defined the scenes that you most closely associate yourself with, you can identify the lights needed to accomplish each scene. After you complete the identification process you’ll have a total count of the number of dimmers/switches needed to support your desired scenes.
Installation and cost
No matter what sort of system you’re planning to install, it is recommended to speak to an experienced system integrator first. Not only will they be able to advise you on what kind of system will best suit your needs, but they can also help to ensure that it’s installed in the most efficient and cost effective way.
Your preference might be to have automation with regards to lighting and shade control only, with no relevance of AV or security system; the cost in this case will be less than if you were to go for an extensive system. Simple systems can be installed reasonably cheaply.
Your budget is the only real limit to what you can do to make your house a smart home. You would have an optimised system when you involve the company or integrator in the design phase of the project.
You may go in for a wall mounted dynamic keypad that serves as a central control for all the automated systems in your home or even have access to all the systems by means of an app on your phone so you could control everything on the move especially when you are not at home. Create “scenes” with HomeWorks QS — preset light and shade levels that you can recall at the touch of a button.
For example, press the “Entertain” button on the keypad in your living room and lights and shades will adjust throughout your home to create just the right light. Additionally, you can even go in for sensor based features that automatically switch on or switch off the lights every time you enter or exit a room.
What should one avoid when planning for home automation?
Homeowners should differentiate between what is “must have” and what is “nice to have” especially when you have budget limitation. You should avoid choosing systems which are very complicated to program or make change afterwards because your needs or preferences may change over time.
Reliability is a major factor for these systems. Look for old referral projects from companies. If it always requires complicated programming to change settings by trained professionals, it can bring you a lot of inconvenience and additional cost over time. You should also avoid relying on one single point of control, especially when it’s done via Wi-Fi because if the network is down, you will then have no control of your home devices. Apart from integrated control via a central controller, it’s always good to have individual controls especially wall-mounted keypads, which are always accessible and seldom fail.
If you are looking to set up a three bedroom apartment for yourself and wish to install home automation system with integrated light and shade control:
Preset lighting control system for a single room or studio flat, starts from Rs 45,000
Total home control system for the whole home, starts from Rs 1,75,000
Wired roman shades, roller shades, venetian blinds & curtains, starts from Rs 35,000
For Sensory based control, starts from Rs 8,500
For an average household, you can save up to 60% of your lighting energy and 10-30% of your heating and cooling costs by adopting various strategies such as occupancy sensing, daylight harvesting, personal dimming control, automated shading, plug load control and time scheduling etc. Dimming your lights by 25% can save 20% energy.
Automated shades can help block harmful UV and solar heat gain, thus lowering energy consumption by air-conditioners. So a home automation with total control of electric light and daylight will not only create a comfortable living environment, but also help save energy and money, while contributing to a greener planet.
Written by Manjul Trehan, Country Head and Sales Director, Lutron Electronics, India & SAARC.

Exit JSW Steel at higher level: Kunal Saraogi02:00 pm
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, " JSW Steel is not the best stock to trade in. It is stuck in a range between Rs 1,100 and Rs 1,250. There are better plays available in the metal space. Although I am not very positive on metals as of now, in case they bottom out then you could definitely look to buy into Tata Steel , which has got a much better trajectory. So at higher levels, I would suggest exiting JSW Steel and entering something like Tata Steel."
Tata Steel ended at Rs 432.30, down Rs 3.80, or 0.87 percent on the BSE.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 578.60 and 52-week low Rs 332.20 on 09 June, 2014 and 14 March, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Exit Bajaj Hindusthan on rallies: Kunal Saraogi02:00 pm
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, "Sugar is a space that hasn’t done too well in the market that we are in and I think there are better plays available. So I think even if you get a rally and the stock might get to Rs 23-24, I don’t see it going beyond those levels. So on a rally, I would suggest that you exit out of  Bajaj Hindusthan and try and enter into something that is more in line with the trade.”
Bajaj Hindusthan ended at Rs 21.00, up Rs 2.05, or 10.82 percent on the BSE.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 32.60 and 52-week low Rs 11.98 on 10 June, 2014 and 31 January, 2014, respectively.
Disclosure: Analyst and his clients could have positions in the above stock.
RELATED NEWS

Sangam Health Care Products: Updates on open offerDec 10, 2014, 04.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sangam Health Care Products: Updates on open offer
Corporate Professionals Capital Pvt Ltd (
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sangam Health Care Products: Updates on open offer
Corporate Professionals Capital Pvt Ltd (
Post your opinion here
 
Corporate Professionals Capital Pvt Ltd ("Manager to the Open Offer") has submitted to BSE a Copy of Final Letter of Offer regarding Open Offer to the Shareholders of Sangam Health Care Products Ltd ("Target Company") in terms of Regulation 3(1) and 4 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Awaiting more details on Agra conversion row  will act soon: UP Chief Secretarye lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Dow tries to avoid 3 down days in a rowdow tries to avoid 3 down days in a row
Trustwave releases State of Risk cybersecurity reportTrustwave releases State of Risk cybersecurity report
Business security
Robert Churchill/iStock/Getty Images
Trustwave's 2014 State of Risk report suggests that companies are taking a more active approach to risk management than in previous years.
Trustwave's 2014 State of Risk report suggests that companies are taking a more active approach to risk management than in previous years. (Robert Churchill/iStock/Getty Images)
Credit and Debt
'Security has to flow from the top down, making it a normal business practice.'
Companies that store credit-card or financial information need to activate employees to study, monitor and respond quickly to possible data breaches, says a cybersecurity risk study released this week.
Chicago-based information security firm Trustwave’s 2014 State of Risk report suggests that companies are taking a more active approach to risk management than in previous years but highlights the importance of further enabling employees to respond to problems.
0
The report, released this week, drew findings from a 16-month survey of 476 information technology or information security professionals, conducted by a third party. The respondents hailed from 50 countries, with most reporting from the United States, United Kingdom and United Arab Emirates.
Eighty-one percent of respondents said their companies store and process financial data, while 47 percent said their companies store and process credit card data.
They also said companies should only store the credit card information they need and nothing extra, and that a dedicated employee should be assigned to track regulatory changes in this arena.
Phil Smith, SVP of government solutions and special investigations at Trustwave, said companies must ensure they have the right technical processes and protections in place. But training employees to identify and react to crises may be even more important, he said.
The survey found that the majority of businesses have boards or executives who actively participate in their company’s security plans. But 45 percent of companies’ leaders take a “partial” role.
“The results are not as high as I would like to see where executives and boards are involved in decision-making,” Smith said. Higher-level involvement often leads to funding for security programs. “Security has to flow from the top down, making it a normal business practice.”
Lower-level employees must also be trained in security matters, from knowing where data is stored to understanding what normal activity looks like, Smith said.
“If you don’t understand where that data is and how it’s being protected and what is an anomaly, you have no ability to determine when you have experienced a breach,” Smith said.
While the public often hears of external threats such as hackers, employees can also create security risks, intentionally or not. A company’s IT team should set up processes to identify unusual activity, and have them audited by an independent third party, Smith said.
Smith also stressed the importance of training employees in security awareness. Employees should know when something strange is going on, and they should know how to alert the appropriate parties, he said.
“Our statistics have shown, the companies that are able to self-detect and respond quicker means less data exfiltration and less damage,” Smith said.

Ageing Europe needs the new blood immigration bringsAgeing Europe needs the new blood immigration brings
Tony Barber in London
Population forecasts show why migration is an economic necessity
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1643680e-7bab-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will a return of market volatility revive banks trading businessesWill a return of market volatility revive banks’ trading businesses?
Tracy Alloway and Michael MacKenzie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49715518-7914-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big banks are giving up on their global ambitionsBig banks are giving up on their global ambitions
Martin Arnold and Camilla Hall
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13e7d358-7915-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cipla arm to sell entire stake in China s Jiangsu for $18.5 mnCipla arm to sell entire stake in China s Jiangsu for $18.5 mn
Crisil sets up chair of financial markets at IIM-ACrisil sets up chair of financial markets at IIM-A
Coal block allocation: Sponge Iron  cement could benefit; worries for powerCoal block allocation: Sponge Iron, cement could benefit; worries for power
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 10, 2014 15:37 IST
Prospects for cement and sponge iron look bright whereas the same for power appear bleak.
 
 
“Recommendation of the sub-committee for allocation and auction of coal blocks and for their classification for various end uses, are broadly in line with our initial expectations” states a recent IIFL institutional Equities Report. The coal blocks originally allotted to PSUs would be kept within the PSU domain. However, there is no certainty that the coal blocks would be allotted to the same PSUs. Out of the 74 blocks, 49 blocks would be left for auction. The initial analysis of IIFL suggests that sponge iron and cement players are likely to benefit whereas private sector power entities may see increased competition.
 
Here are the key points of this research as given in the IIFL report.
The government is likely to auction 49 coal blocks to private companies in the first round of coal auctions. Out of these, 24, 17, and 8 coal blocks could be reserved for steel, power, and cement sectors respectively.
Coal blocks originally allotted to government entities will likely be reserved for allocation to PSUs.
The sub-committee has recommended auctioning of all blocks that were earlier allocated to state mining corporations for commercial use or in JVs with private sector. Accordingly, 25 coal blocks could be allotted to public sector.
The committee has also suggested clubbing of some nearby coal blocks to conserve coal and make mining feasible.
 
The highlights of this report are mentioned below:
 
Draft rules on auction deals with administrative aspects: The draft rules published by the coal ministry last week largely relate to administrative aspects of auction/allocation of coal blocks. The rules do not give clarity the methodology for calculation of reserve / floor price. However, the Coal Secretary reiterated that the primary objective is to ensure stability of power tariffs and not maximize revenue.
 
Positive for sponge iron, cement: Commenting on the fruitful prospects of sponge iron and cement, the report said, “We believe the developments so far are positive for sponge iron and cement players. The steel and cement sectors have been allotted adequate mines for auction. Moreover, we do not expect smaller sponge iron players with stretched balance sheets to participate in the auctions aggressively, which may benefit large players such as JSPL. “
 
Power to see increased competition; aluminium still unclear: Private power entities may face increased competition since only 17 mines are earmarked for the sector. Besides the original allottee, several power plants running on imported coal or those not getting adequate supplies from Coal India may also bid. At present, aluminium is not classified as a separate sector. If it gets clubbed with power, aluminium players would benefit, as they earn market price for their product and would compete with power players having regulated tariffs, stated the report.
 
Limited competition in sponge iron could benefit JSPL
 
Based on media report, 24 mines could be reserved for sponge iron and steel sector during the auctions, compared with 28 mines allocated to them earlier. Although the number of mines available to the sector has been reduced, we highlight that many small sponge iron players that were allotted mines initially may not be in a position to bid aggressively in the auctions due to stretched balance sheets. Evidently, only one player, JSPL, with sponge iron capacity of more than 1mt and strong balance sheet, could benefit. 
 
Integrated steel players such as Tata Steel and JSW Steel are unlikely to bid aggressively as they use the blast furnace route, which requires limited quantity of thermal coal.
 
In case of the cement sector, eight mines have been reserved for the upcoming auction compared with only two mines allocated earlier. This is definitely positive development. However, we are yet to ascertain the reserve size and location of these eight mines. If they are from the 13 small mines (<20mt reserves), then the cement sector may not benefit substantially
 
The IIFL Institutional Equities Report further mentioned, “Our initial analysis suggests that sponge iron and cement sectors would benefit whereas private sector power entities may see increased competition. We highlight that apart from the number of coal mines, the size of reserves would also be crucial to determine which industry would benefit. We still await the exact number of coal mines and their reserves that will be set aside for different end use during the auctions.”
 
Draft rules for auction - silent on pricing mechanism
 
The coal ministry released the draft rules last week that largely relate to administrative aspects of the auction/allocation of coal blocks. The government plans to complete the process by mid-March 2015. The Coal Secretary reiterated that the primary objective of the auction is to ensure stability of power tariffs and not maximise revenue. This is in line with the government’s commitment to make available affordable power to all. The rules do not provide clarity on the methodology for calculation of reserve / floor price.
 
The other highlights of the coal mines (Special Provisions) Rules, 2014, as clearly written in the report are as below:
 
Eligible bidder: Besides the conditions outlined in the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, the rules state that to bid for mines that are already operating (42 mines), the bidder should have already spent 80% of total project cost on the end-use plant. This requirement is lower at 60% for mines at an advanced stage of commissioning (32 mines).
 
Application for allotment: The government would create a pool of mines that would be allotted to public sector entities. The authority nominated under these rules would invite applications for allotment of the mines.
 
Power projects won based on competitive bidding may be allotted coal mines: Based on the recommendation of Power Ministry, the central government may allot any mine to a power company that has won project through competitive bid for tariff.
 
Cap on acquisition / allotment of number of mines/reserves: The rules suggest that the nominated authority would put a cap on the number of mines that can be allotted / acquired by one entity. This cap may be in the form of the number of mines or aggregate reserves.
 
Public sector would be allowed to participate in auction: Public sector companies will also be allowed to participate in the auction. This is over and above the potential allocation of coal mines on allotment basis.
 
No clarity on reserve / floor price: The rules do not provide insights into the methodology to be adopted for determining the reserve / floor price for individual mines. It is also silent on whether the auction would be based on lumpsum payment or payment linked to production.
 
Arrangement with other coal users: The rules require the successful bidder to disclose arrangements it proposes to enter into with any other party for optimum utilization of coal. The Ordinance permits swap arrangements with other parties for same end use, subject to central government approval, said the IIFL Institutional Equities Report.

Indian economy may double to $4 trn in 10 years: Jayant SinhaStructural Reforms needed to create at least 5 mn Jobs every year: Sinha
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 10, 2014 11:28 IST
Sinha said that we need deep structural reforms to create at least five million jobs every year as well as to ensure 7-8% economic growth as job creation and growth go hand-in-hand.
 
 
The Minister of State for Finance, Jayant Sinha said that India has a huge unexploited potential for growth which can make it a US $5 trillion economy in the next ten years. Sinha said that we need deep structural reforms to create at least five million jobs every year as well as to ensure 7-8% economic growth as job creation and growth go hand-in-hand. He said that India needs to develop alternative model of growth based on mix of policies including market driven entrepreneurship innovations, scope for larger private investment and free market economy in democratic polity among others. Shri Sinha was delivering the Inaugural Address after inaugurating the two day Delhi Economic Conclave 2014 here today. The theme of the two day Conclave is “Structural Reforms and Growth in India”. Shri Sinha said that the world economy is passing through a critical time and needs higher growth. . He said that we need growth which is sustainable, all inclusive, anti-inflationary and job-oriented. He said that it is to be ensured that environmental and ecological carrying capacity is also increased along with higher growth. 
Giving details about the kind of structural reforms required, the Minister of State for Finance Shri Sinha said that we believe in supply-side revolution with high productive capacity. He said that structural reforms must result into macro-economic stability, world class infrastructure, unlocking of entrepreneurship and innovations, and world class social security system. The Minister also focused on growth in agriculture especially in providing irrigation facilities and power to every field in the country so that agriculture productivity goes much higher. Stressing on the non-inflationary, inclusive and sustainable growth, Shri Sinha said that structural reforms shall keep taking place at gradual intervals as being done by the present Government so that as overall net result, these gradual reforms lead to transformation of India into an economy with a sustainable growth of 7-8% and inflation in the range of 4-6%.
Delivering the Key Note Address on this occasion, Mr. Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister, Singapore said that it is true that India’s economy is having one amongst the largest unrealized potential yet there are huge obstacles in exploiting the same including legacy of incremental change and mind set for opposing the change as such among others. The Deputy Prime Minister said that India does not have time on its side and will have to race against competitive countries, intelligent machines among others. He said that demographic dividend may not be sufficient enough if it is not substantiated with skills and high quality education. He said that India has very highly talented people including scientists, IT experts, academicians, entrepreneurs, but there is a gap at the middle and lower level in comparison with other competitive countries like China. The Deputy Prime Minister focused on need for supply side transformation for increasing competitive capacity, social mobility, high quality export oriented manufacturing of goods, production to meet demands of both external and internal market. He said that it is important to focus on high technology and innovative progress so that high value added products are produced in order to generate and meet the demands of other parts of the world. 
Shri Piyush Goyal, Minister of State (IC), Power, Coal and NRE, as the Lead Speaker in the First Plenary Session on ‘Infrastructure and Growth’ said that there is need for change of mind set of policy makers, policy implementers, stakeholders including private entrepreneurs among others to achieve the goal of high and sustainable growth. He said that the present Government is focusing on bringing transparency and honesty in allocation of natural resources including coal blocks, iron ore and other minerals as well in time to come. The Minister specifically mentioned about e-auction of coal blocks which will bring more transparency, competitiveness and efficiency in the system. 
The Power Minister Shri Goyal focused on the root cause analysis so that the problems and issues at principal base level are first addressed which will automatically take care of the individual ones. He assured that there will be no increase in power tariff post e-auction of coal mines and the focus would be outcome oriented. Shri Goyal said that the present Government has delivered in six months which could not be achieved by many previous Governments. He specifically mentioned about Deen Dayal Upadhayay Gram Jyoti Yojana for feeder separation to augment power supply to rural areas, which was announced by the Finance Minister in his Budget Speech on 10th July, 2014. Shri Goyal said that it was taken for Cabinet approval within four months. The Power Minister said that new Electricity Amendment Bill would also be introduced soon in the Parliament. He focused on innovative financing, monitoring and accountability. The Minister concluded that the present Government believes in good governance so that people at large get best possible services at most reasonable prices in an efficient and transparent manner. He said that there would be focus on monitoring and accountability. 
Among those present on the occasion included Shri Rajiv Mehrishi, Finance Secretary, Dr. Arvind Subramanian, Chief Economic Adviser, Ministry of Finance, Shri Shaktikanta Das, Revenue Secretary and Dr. Hasmukh Adhia, Secretary, Department of Financial Services along with officers of the Ministry of Finance, economists, foreign delegates and, private entrepreneurs among others. 

Hold SKS Microfinance  says Phani SekharLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold SKS Microfinance, says Phani Sekhar
P Phani Sekhar of Angel Broking recommends holding SKS Microfinance.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
P Phani Sekhar of Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, "Considering the fact that  SKS Microfinance  has got their act together, cleaned up most of the AP book and non AP book quite aggressively. More importantly the rating upgrade that they recently got will ensure that they can sustainably reduce their yields because their cost of funding reduces keeping the net-interest margins (NIM) same. That itself will be a huge factor going forward as it not only gives them a competitive advantage vis-à-vis their rivals but also vis-à-vis any regulations that other state governments might think of imposing."
"All in all, although valuations look a little stretched but considering that the next two to three years look pretty good in terms of 30-35 percent growth which is possible in SKS and larger microfinance segment. Even though it is a little on the pricier side investors who hold it
can continue to hold it," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Coal shortages ease at power plants: CEACoal shortages ease at power plants: CEA
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Dec 10:  
The number of Indian thermal power plants with less than seven days of coal stocks fell to 50 last week, down from 61 in early November when shortages threatened to stoke a power crisis, government data showed on Wednesday.
On an average, 100 power plants had enough coal to last a week on Dec. 4, the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) said, far below the 15-30 days the CEA sets as an operating norm.
However, cooler seasonal weather this month has reduced demand for power and eased concerns of widespread blackouts.
India, which relies on coal for about three-fifths of its energy needs, is turning to increased coal imports because of insufficient domestic mining, despite the country sitting on the world's fifth-largest reserves.
Twenty eight of the power stations had less than four days coal supplies on Dec. 4, down from 35 on Nov. 2, the CEA said.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Bharatiya Mahila Bank opens Coimbatore branchBharatiya Mahila Bank opens Coimbatore branch
L N Revathy
Usha Ananthasubramanian, CMD, Bharatiya Mahila Bank
Coimbatore, Dec 10:  
Bharatiya Mahila Bank plans to close the current fiscal with a network of 80 branches.
The year-old bank, according to its Chairperson Usha Anathasubramanian, has started to take baby-steps.
Launched by the UPA Government on November 19, 2013, this 100 per cent Government-owned bank, started its operations with seven branches, added two more to take it to nine before March 31, 2014.
“This is the 36th branch of the bank and the second in the state of Tamil Nadu,” she said, inaugurating the Coimbatore branch at Ramnagar.
New branches
Mahila Bank plans to open a branch in Pune the day after, followed by branches in Bhopal, Haridwar, Jamshedpur and Nagpur.
In Tamil Nadu, the bank plans to establish its presence in Tiruchi and Madurai.
“We intend to double the branch network to 80 before March 2015. The pace of expansion is going to be aggressive,” Usha Anathasubramanian told BusinessLine.
About 20 of these (branches) would be in rural, unbanked pockets, she said.
Total business
In its first year of operation, which was just for four-and-half months (between mid-November 2013 to March 2014), the bank registered a total business of Rs 190 crore.
Its business at present is around Rs 870 crore. Usha Anathasubramanian is confident of reaching the business target of Rs 1,800 crore before the close of the current fiscal. “This is our first full year of operation,” she said.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

State Bank of India surges 3% on BSEState Bank of India surges 3% on BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 10:  
State Bank of India surged 3.06 per cent to emerge the top gainer on the BSE at close on Wednesday. It was quoting at Rs 316.10 as against Rs 306.70 at close yesterday.
ONGC extended its morning rally to hold gains of 2.44 per cent at Rs 360.95. It had closed yesterday’s session at Rs 352.35.
Tata Power held steady to keep gains of 1.87 per cent at Rs 87 as against Rs 85.40 at close on Tuesday.
Tata Motors rode up 1.53 per cent at Rs 510.80 as against Rs 503.10 at close yesterday.
Cipla perked up 1.48 per cent to quote at Rs 649.35. The stock had ended the overnight session at Rs 639.85.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra: Ajit Pawar demands Rs 10000-cr pkg for drought-like situationIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Former Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar (NCP) today demanded that the new government come out with a financial package of Rs 10,000 crore for tackling the drought-like situation in the state and went on to suggest the ruling dispensation to raise more debt.
The debate on the drought-like situation was initiated today after Opposition members relented and the ruling combine agreed to discuss the issue threadbare. Both the Houses of the Legislature had drowned in din yesterday over the issue.
When the House assembled today, Congress Deputy group leader Vijay Wadettiwar urged Speaker Haribhau Bagde to admit the notice under section 57 (to suspend the mandatory Question Hour) and take up the discussion on drought and farmer suicides.
Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse informed the House that the government was willing to take up the discussion immediately following which the Speaker allowed it.
Pawar, painting a grim picture of the drought-like situation in the state, said the entire Marathwada region and part of Vidarbha was in the grip of drought and there was a need for providing immediate relief to farmers, especially soya and paddy growers besides milk producers.
“The ruling combine is making a hue and cry about debts to tune of more than Rs three-lakh crore whereas developed nations like United States are also under debt,” Pawar said adding the previous Democratic Front government has availed only 18 per cent of the (debt) limit while the remaining seven per cent can still be availed by the present government.
There is a cap of 25 per cent debt on per capita income.
Pawar said that widows of farmers who ended their lives due to debt and crop failure should be granted pension to overcome financial crisis since the sum of Rs one lakh provided by the government to the family of deceased farmers was inadequate.
He said it was ironical that mineral water bottle was available for Rs 20 in the market and milk was priced Rs 17 per litre.
“Milk producers are in dire straits. Milk prices have fallen from Rs 27 to Rs 17,” he claimed.
Post Comments
More from economy

After SAIL  govt hopes stake sale momentum will continueAfter SAIL, govt hopes stake sale momentum will continue
Arup Roychoudhury | New Delhi Dec 11, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The government was hopeful the disinvestment momentum, which took off with the Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) offer-for-sale (OFS) on Friday, would continue for the rest of the year, a senior finance ministry official said.
“We were encouraged by retail participation,” said the official, who did not wish to be named.
The OFS for dilution of a five per cent stake in SAIL was oversubscribed by over two times; the quota for retail investors was exceed by nearly three times. The government’s proceeds from the stake sale were to the tune of Rs 1,715 crore.
“There are several other PSUs (public sector undertakings) in which we are looking to pare our stake. The companies have to meet the minimum public shareholding norms (of 25 per cent) prescribed by Sebi (the Securities and Exchange Board of India) over the next two-and-a-half years. We are very conscious of not bunching up our stake sales,” the official said.
ALSO READ:  SAIL's Rs 1,700-cr disinvestment successful
The government has set an ambitious target of raising Rs 58,425 crore through disinvestment this financaial year. The plan is to offload stakes in a number of PSUs, such as Coal India, Oil and Natural Gas Corp, NHPC, Power Finance Corp, Rural Electrification Corp and Container Corp, besides sale of residual stake in Hindustan Zinc and Bharat Aluminium Company.
In a year when the tax department is expected to fall short of its revenue target, for Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s tight fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product to be met, it is imperative that the proceeds from disinvestment, spectrum sales and special dividend are exceeded.

Rivals and oil price weigh on StagecoachRivals and oil price weigh on Stagecoach
Jane Wild
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/105a589a-8046-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Third day of falling prices pushes Nifty below 8400: Sukhani09 December 2014
Tuesday
Decline continues in Nifty, Bank Nifty; third day of falling prices pushes index below 8400; probably a correction of some kind has started with Nifty giving up 15 days of gains in just three days of losses
A strong support comes at 17400 in Bank Nifty. Prices are now at the verge of breakdown from its short term support near 18300.
CNX IT traded choppy today and closes near its open. Short Term Trend is still down and we should wait for some kind of pattern to be visible.
We have ZINC in METAL SECTION. We will discuss a possible short trade in this instrument. We have TELECOM in Sector Focus. Intermediate Trend is down in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of TELECOMM Stocks. Stock in focus includes ADANIENT, CENTURYTEX, LT and RPOWER. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss a short trade in GBPINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Germany rallies against immigrationDresden protest reveals rising anger in Germany over immigration
Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94b5095e-7fb6-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greek election reignites eurozone fearsLast updated: December 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Snap election in Greece reignites fears for eurozone
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth in London, Kerin Hope in Athens and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db45c9c-7f95-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merck and Spirit Airlines Are Big Market MoversWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Humpback Whales Increasing in Waters Near NYCWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Germany bans 80 drugs for insufficient trials by GVK BioGermany bans 80 generic drugs for insufficient clinical trials by GVK Biosciences
K Mammen Mathew     Berlin   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 14:22 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As many as 80 generic medicines have been banned by Germany's drug regulator with immediate effect on the grounds that their clinical trials conducted by GVK Biosciences, the home-grown pharmaceutical research company, were insufficient.
Medicines of 16 pharmaceutical companies have been affected by the ban.  The drugs include those for treating high blood pressure, depression,  migraine, epilepsy and Parkinson's disease.
The Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices said on Wednesday it had ordered drug manufacturers, wholesale dealers, medical stores and other outlets not to sell or use these medicines any longer.
Patients still using these banned medicines have been advised to consult their doctors, even though the regulator has no information about any health risks for such patients.
The German watchdog said it had informed the drugs manufacturers about  its decision on Monday and the ban on the sales of medicines came into  effect on Wednesday.
The regulator also suspended the marketing authorisation given to the drugs concerned based on the data of clinical trials supplied by GVK Biosciences , the Hyderabad-based contract research company.
In a press statement, the Federal Institute said it did not expect its ban to cause any shortage of supplies as similar generic versions of these medicines by other drug makers as well as their original branded versions are available in the market.
The regulator investigated the marketing authorisation of 176 medicines by 28 pharmaceutical companies after an inspection of GVK Biosciences' facility in Hyderabad revealed substantial deficiencies in carrying out the clinical trials of the generic medicines and in the validity of its data to support marketing authorisation applications, the statement said.
In view of these serious and systematic deficiencies, the bio-equivalence studies carried by the domestic drug firm to establish that the generic versions have the same effect on the human body as the original branded versions, cannot be accepted as a basis for marketing approval, the statement said.
Among the 80 drugs banned by the watchdog, marketing authorisations were already withdrawn in the case of 17 medicines by five companies because the authorisation holders either asked for that or did not seek an extension, the statement said.
However, marketing authorisation of these drugs and the remaining 63 medicines by 11 companies will remain suspended until the authorisation holder submits the results of a new bio-equivalence study. Marketing approval given to 96 medicines will remain valid, the regulator said.
Media reports said earlier that the European Union's drug regulator the European Medicines Agency (EMA) believes that GVK Biosciences has been systematically manipulating its studies carried out on behalf of European drug manufacturers.
EMA had raised concern over the reliability of the studies conducted at the company's facility between 2008 and 2013 and ordered a review of the marketing approvals based on the data provided by GVK Biosciences.
(PTI)

Greece back in crisis | Sensex insulated from global marketsYou are here: Home > Collections > Greece
Greece lurches back into crisis, stock index falls 13%
Bloomberg Dec 10, 2014, 01.53PM IST
Tags:
European Union
(The coming months are “crucial”…)
ATHENS: Greek stocks fell more than at any point during Europe's debt crisis on Tuesday after Prime Minister Antonis Samaras gambled his political future on bringing forward a parliamentary vote on a new head of state. Greek stocks tumbled the most since 1987 and threeyear yields surged in response to the prime minister's move.
Unless he can persuade 25 opposition lawmakers to support his choice, Samaras will be forced to call a Parliamentary election that anti-austerity party Syriza would be favorite to win. "Investors have taken a second look at Syriza and understood that at this point in time it's more radical than the traditional left in Greece," said Nicholas Veron, a fellow at the Bruegel research institute in Brussels. "If Syriza takes over it won't be a smooth ride."
Less than a month before Samaras had hoped to lead Greece out of the bailout program that has ravaged the country for the past four years, the resistance to his policies is fueling doubts about whether he can stay the course. While Syriza has pledged to stick with the euro, its plans to roll-back Samaras's budget cuts evoke memories of the financial chaos that threatened to bust apart the currency union in 2012.
Greece's benchmark stock index dropped 13% and the bond market signaled investors are concerned about short-term disruptions, as the yield on 3-year debt jumped 176 basis points to 8.23%, surpassing 10-year rates. "It's possibly a good decision, but in the end it's in the hands of the decision makers in parliament and the population," German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said. Greece's reform program is "not yet over the hill," he added. Samaras nominated Stavros Dimas , a 73-year-old former European Union commissioner, for the largely ceremonial post of president.
Voting will begin next week, on December 17, with two further rounds possible. Under Greece's constitution, a supermajority of at least 180 lawmakers in the 300-seat chamber is needed to elect a successor to the incumbent, President Karolos Papoulias . The government has the support of just 155 lawmakers. Failure to install a candidate after three attempts would force Samaras to dissolve parliament.
"Political uncertainty must end now," government spokeswoman Sofia Voultepsi said late yesterday in an e-mailed statement announcing the vote.
The coming months are "crucial" for an agreement on a credit line to replace Greece's bailout program and negotiations over the country's debt, she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Philippines bus explosion: Death toll rises to 10  34 more critically woundedBy: Associated Press | Manila (phillipines) |
Posted: December 10, 2014 2:25 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 4:42 pm
The death toll from a suspected bomb explosion on a bus in the southern Philippines rose to at least 10 with another 34 people wounded, officials said on December 10.
The Rural Transit bus had picked up passengers, mostly students, and was passing near the main gate of Central Mindanao University in Maramag town in Bukidnon province on Tuesday night when the powerful blast sent shrapnel and debris flying through the vehicle, town safety officer Alejandro Navarro said.
The blast killed 10 passengers and wounded 34 others, many of them seriously, police said.
The suspected explosive, probably a mortar round concealed in a bag, went off in an overheard rack, and many passengers who were standing in the overcrowded bus were wounded in the head, Navarro said.
Investigators were trying to determine the type of blast and were searching for other possible explosives at the site in Maramag, about 860 kilometers (535 miles) southeast of Manila, police officer Rufina Bayarcal said.
Ralph Quilla, a 17-year-old student who was riding on the bus, said by cellphone that the explosion occurred at the back of the vehicle and wounded him in the arm.
“There was a loud explosion that filled the bus with smoke,” Quilla said from a hospital where he and other victims were taken for treatment. “I saw bloodied people and jumped out of a window.”
Muslim rebels and extortion gangs have been blamed for past bombings on buses in the country’s restive south.
The attacks have continued despite a state of high alert for military and police forces in the south because of sporadic bombings and other attacks by hard-line Muslim insurgents opposed to a new autonomy deal between the government and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, the largest Muslim rebel group in the country.

Gold prices jump by Rs 650 on seasonal buying  global cuesUpdate: Gold prices jump by Rs 650 on strong seasonal demand, global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 17:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices on Wednesday soared by Rs 650 to Rs 27,470 per ten gram in the bullion market in the national capital on strong seasonal demand and firm trends in overseas markets.
A fall in rupee value against the US dollar and increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing wedding season lifted prices of gold , bullion traders said.
A cheaper rupee makes gold imports costlier. The rupee was trading weak at 62.05 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market.
The precious metal's prices surged over US $28 to a six-week high of US $1,238.32 an ounce in New York on Tuesday as weakening of the Greenback and retreat in global stock markets raised demand for gold as an alternative investment.
On similar lines, silver prices also rose sharply by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg on increased off-take by industrial units and coin makers.
Silver prices climbed up by 5.2 per cent to US $17.12 an ounce in New York on Tuesday.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 650 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per ten grams respectively. It had gained Rs 170 on Tuesday.
Sovereign traded Rs 100 higher at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,815 to Rs 38,615 per kg. Silver coins shot up by Rs 1,000 to Rs 63,000 for buying and Rs 64,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Sexual violence in Delhi: what the numbers sayThe number of reported rapes in Delhi more than doubled between 2012 and 2013
TOPICS
sexual assault & rape
The rape of a young woman in a taxi is another reminder of Delhi’s reputation as India’s most unsafe city, a reputation only partially borne out by facts.
Official police data comes from the National Crime Records Bureau (whose data until 2013 came with one important, hidden caveat ).
The number of reported rapes in Delhi more than doubled between 2012 and 2013 in the aftermath of the December 16, 2012 gangrape, a phenomenon the police attribute to better reporting. (The far bigger leap was in the reporting of molestation). As of mid-November this year , 1879 cases of rape had been registered in the city, but the increase between 2013 and 2014 was far smaller.
How does Delhi do in comparison to other cities?
In 2013 , the most recent year for which comparable data exists, Delhi did have a higher rate (proportionate to its population) of reported rape than Mumbai or Chennai, but cities in Madhya Pradesh do even worse.
In Delhi – as in the rest of the country – less than 5 per cent of alleged rape is by men not known to the complainant.
Moreover, the precise nature is complex, as The Hindu found in an investigation earlier this year . Two out of three cases, court records revealed, concerned parents criminalising the acts of consenting young couples and broken promises of marriage. Under 3 per cent involved rapes by strangers, and conviction was nearly certain in such cases.
What of rape that never gets reported? It is true that rape in India (for statistical reasons, Delhi is hard to disaggregate for this data point) is grossly under-reported as comparing the National Family Health Survey with NCRB data shows, but the vast majority of that sexual violence is by husbands .

Vodafone Vs I-T dept: ITAT rules in favour of tax dept02:30 pm
In the latest from Vodafone's Rs 8,500 crore trasfer pricing case versus the Income Tax department, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal or ITAT today ruled in favour of the tax department.
The I-T tribunal said that assigning Call Options to Vodafone is an international transaction. It upheld the sale of Vodafone's call centre business and added that income out of the sale of call centre business is taxable.   
ITAT has partly allowed the telecom player's appeal. It questioned the enhancement of tax demand by the I-T officer and said that some part of valuation on bothe the deals will be sent back to the I-T officer for reassessment.
In December, the I-T department had slapped a demand of Rs 3700 crore on Vodafone. Consequently, Vodafone challenged the demand and moved the ITAT. The ITAT granted interim relief by allowing a stay of 6 months on the tax demand. The ITAT had also directed Vodafone to deposit Rs 200 crore with the department in two installments. However, the I-T department was unhappy with the stay as well as the initial deposit of merely Rs 200 crore.
The I-T department had moved the Bombay High Court against the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal’s (ITAT) order granting temporary stay on the tax demand of Rs 3,700 crore.
The Bombay High Court had in February directed the tribunal to hear both parties expeditiously and pass a ruling at the earliest.
This transfer pricing dispute arose from transactions involving Vodafone in 2007-08. The I-T department had red flagged the sale of call centre business to Hutchison Whampoa Properties India and the assignment of Call Options, and had sought to add Rs 8500 crore to Vodafone’s taxable income.
RELATED NEWS

Recovery on the Street! Sensex  Nifty close in greenRecovery on the Street! Sensex  Nifty close in green
Tata Power to acquire Ideal Energy ProjectsDec 10, 2014, 04.16 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Tata Power to acquire Ideal Energy Projects
Tata Power did not divulge any financial details pertaining to the project. IEPL owns a 540 MW thermal power plant near Nagpur in Maharashtra of which 270 MW was commissioned in May 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Power to acquire Ideal Energy Projects
Tata Power did not divulge any financial details pertaining to the project. IEPL owns a 540 MW thermal power plant near Nagpur in Maharashtra of which 270 MW was commissioned in May 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Tata Power  has signed a share purchase agreement to acquire entire stake in Nagpur-based Ideal Energy Projects Ltd.
However, Tata Power did not divulge any financial details pertaining to the project. IEPL owns a 540 MW thermal power plant near Nagpur in Maharashtra of which 270 MW was commissioned in May 2013.
"An agreement was reached between Tata Power and IEPL for sale of 100 percent stake in IEPL. The acquisition is subject to statutory approvals certain conditions precedent," Tata Power said in a filing to the BSE today. "We are happy to announce our intent to acquire this project in Maharashtra. This is our constant endeavour to maximise stakeholder value in line with our vision," Anil Sardana, MD and CEO Tata Power said in the statement.
With this acquisition, Tata Power's total generating capacity will increase to 8,885 MW. This project will help Tata Power service its customers in Maharashtra competitively and also give opportunity to the company to work closely with the local communities in the vicinity to improve their quality of life, the company said in the statement.
The company has set a target of generating 18,000 MW by 2022 and has projects of about 3,000 MW capacity which are under various stages of execution. Shares of Tata Power were trading at Rs 87.35, up 2.28 percent on the BSE.
Tata Power stock price
On January 02, 2015, at  15:31 hrs Tata Power Company was quoting at Rs 83.65, up Rs 1.50, or 1.83 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 115.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 68.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.32 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.2. The latest book value of the company is Rs 52.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.59.
RELATED NEWS

HSBC dismisses head of foreign exchange trading for EMEA'HSBC dismisses head of foreign exchange trading for EMEA'
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 10:  
British bank HSBC has dismissed its head of foreign exchange trading for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Stuart Scott, a source with knowledge of the decision said on Wednesday.
"He has gone," the source said, adding that the move was broadly in the context of the global investigation into manipulation of currency markets which saw HSBC and a handful of other banks fined last month.
Stuart Scott was unreachable at the bank for comment on Wednesday.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

SKS founder Vikram Akula to apply for small bank licenceVikram Akula’s big dream is now for a small bank
Satyanarayan Iyer
The former poster boy of microfinance is keen to make a comeback in the financial inclusion space
Mumbai, Dec 10:  
Vikram Akula, once the poster boy of the microfinance industry in India and founder-chairman of SKS Microfinance, is seeking to make a comeback in the financial inclusion space.
Akula has acquired a 26 per cent stake in Vaya Finserv Pvt Ltd for an undisclosed sum. The Hyderabad-based start-up is likely to apply for a small-bank licence to the RBI. Vaya Finserv provides business correspondent services and acts as a link between banks and rural customers by taking banking services to the customers’ doorstep for a small fee.
Akula, who is currently in India, says financial inclusion is his passion.
If given a licence, Akula says he intends to take financial inclusion to the under-banked regions. After his stint with SKS Microfinance ended on a sour note, Akula has spent much of his time in New York. Akula’s three-year non-compete agreement with SKS ended this November.
After more than a decade at the helm, Akula exited SKS in November 2011 due to differences with the management. He ‘voluntarily' stepped down amidst controversies on the direction of the company, corporate governance issues, mounting bad loans, low recoveries and rising losses.
His bid to comeback to SKS Microfinance proved unsuccessful last year when a majority of shareholders opposed it. “I have been helping other social-entrepreneurs by mentoring them and holding workshops for them,” he says about the past three years in New York. If Vaya is granted a small-bank licence, Akula says he will play a mentoring and non-executive role in the company. He intends to stay on in New York, primarily because of family commitments.
Asked about the potential candidates to head the bank, Akula said, “For leading the small-bank, it will have to be one of the bankers coming out of the mainstream banking sector. We have identified a few.”
On the lessons from the SKS Microfinance experience, he says, “We want growth…we need growth but the lesson is to do it in a systematic and measured way.”
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Giant asteroid poses no threat to Earth: NASANASA
Washington, Dec 10:  
A newly spotted mountain-sized asteroid is heading for Earth but it poses no threat to the planet, according to NASA.
NASA researchers said the 400-metre sized asteroid discovered by Russian scientists would not pose a threat to Earth or any other planet in the next 150 years or more.
“Some recent press reports have suggested that an asteroid designated 2014 UR116, found on October 27, 2014, at the MASTER-II observatory in Kislovodsk, Russia, represents an impact threat to Earth,” NASA said in a statement.
“While this approximately 400-metre sized asteroid has a three-year orbital period around the Sun and returns to the Earth’s neighbourhood periodically, it does not represent a threat because its orbital path does not pass sufficiently close to the Earth’s orbit,” said the space agency.
Tim Spahr, Director of the Minor Planet Centre in Cambridge Massachusetts, has also re-computed this object’s orbit after noticing that it was the same as an object observed six years ago.
Using both sets of observations, the future motion of this asteroid was carried further forward in time using the automatic computations made by the Sentry system at NASA’s Near-Earth Object Programme Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
These computations rule out this object as an impact threat to Earth (or any other planet) for at least the next 150 years, NASA said.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Jindal Steel firm but off morning highs on NSEJindal Steel firm but off morning highs on NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 10:  
State Bank of India closed Wednesday’s session broadly stronger. It finished the day at Rs 315.95 on the NSE, as against Rs 306.55 at close yesterday. This was a gain of 3.07 per cent.
Jindal Steel came off its morning highs to hold gains of 2.58 per cent at Rs 148.85 as against Rs 145.10 at close yesterday.
ONGC extended its early rally to keep gains of 2.56 per cent at Rs 361.10. The stock had ended Tuesday’s session at Rs 352.10.
Punjab National Bank also made further ground to trade at Rs 1,109.45 as against Rs 1,084.65 at close yesterday. This was a gain of 2.29 per cent.
Bank of Baroda gained 2.15 per cent to trade at Rs 1,072.20. The stock had closed the previous session at Rs 1,049.65.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

SAT adjourns DLF appealSAT dismisses intervention petition in DLF appeal
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:44 PM IST
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) dismissed on Wednesday an application by Kimsuk Krishna Sinha to be made a part of the appeal proceedings of real estate major DLF. The company was appealing against a regulatory order barring it from the securities market.
Sinha sought to be made a part of the appeal against the order, saying he was not heard by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the market regulator, despite making the complaint which led to the order. Sebi had barred the company and its officials from the securities market in relation to disclosures made during the time of its Initial Public Offer (IPO).
The disclosure was in relation to a complaint by Sinha, alleging that a DLF subsidiary had been involved in a land deal in which Sinha was allegedly duped of around Rs 34 crore. Sebi passed an order against DLF saying this complaint was not disclosed to investors at the time of its Rs 9,187-crore IPO.
Janak Dwarkadas, senior advocate appearing on behalf of DLF, said intervention application should not be allowed; and that such interventions should only be if a broader investor concern is being addressed. The counsel said allowing an intervention would only support Sinha's cause and not that of any investor.
Sinha has petitions related to the money he lost, pending in various judicial forums.
Rafique Dada, senior advocate who appeared on behalf of Sebi, said a petition in the Delhi High Court alleges that Sebi is "hand-in-glove" with DLF.
In light of the allegation, Sebi does not wish to oppose the application, though it does not support it either.
Amit Sibal appeared on behalf of Sinha. He said a person making the complaint has a right to be heard irrespective of whether or not the entity under investigation is exonerated.
SAT declined to allow the intervention. The matter will now be heard on Thursday.

Consolidation in edible oil industry  small units face the heatEdible oil sector seeing consolidation
Dilip Kumar Jha & Sharleen D’souza | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:34 PM IST
Faced with disparity in the crushing and refining business, the edible oil sector is passing through a consolidation phase, with small units selling or renting out facilities to large ones for value-added products.
“With sustained fall in oil and elevated seed prices, domestic crushing units face a disparity of $40-50 a tonne. This means imported oil will be cheaper by $40-50 a tonne than through domestic seed crushing, Since the disparity continues for a few years, small units are renting out or selling their manufacturing facility to big players. There is widespread consolidation happening in the edible oil industry,” said B V Mehta, executive director, Solvent Extractors’ Association, the apex industry body with about 850 registered members.
For example, Gwalior (Madhya Pradesh)-based Advantage Oils has acquired the Bundi (Rajasthan)-based seed crushing and vegetable oil refining business of Bunge India,  producer and distributor of the Dalda brand of edible oil, for an undisclosed sum. The Bundi unit’s seed crushing capacity is 800 tonnes a day and refining facility is 200 tonnes a day.
“There is enough domestic capacity to procure vegetable oil. Therefore, we sold out our Bundi manufacturing unit,” said a top Bunge official, on condition of anonymity, adding, “We retain our brands with us.”
Ruchi Soya Industries has also sold its 50 per cent stake in a Hyderabad-based Gemini Edibles and Fats India (GEFI) to Singapore-based Golden Agri International India Holding for $17.88 million (Rs 100 crore).
GEFI incurred losses for three out of five years since its existence, owing to unfavourable government policy, which made the edible oil business unviable. In FY14, GEFI recorded a net loss of Rs 4 crore, which, though small, is a significant loss for edible oil companies.  Operating as a subsidiary of Golden Agri-Resources (GAR), the world’s second-largest palm oil plantation company,  Golden Agri International is engaged in the production of palm-based edible oils and fats. With a market capitalisation of $5.7 billion, GAR has 470,600 hectares under palm plantation in Indonesia.
“GEFI had a lot of forex exposure, which due to depreciation in the rupee, turned out as losses. That apart, the company invested immensely in brand building and other promotional activities. The most striking of the reasons for the sell-off was the business un-viability,” said Pradeep Chowdhry, managing director of GEFI, producer of Freedom brand edible oil, in addition to cheese and fats.
The sector has recommended the government raise the import duty on crude palm oil to make the refining and fats business viable. Owing to a five per cent difference between  crude and refined oil, the edible oil business has suffered immensely. Since the edible oil crushing and refining business offers disparity, large players are focusing on value-added segment, where business potential is quite high. “Producers of value-added products enjoy a different ball game all together. While primary edible oil producers face disparity, margins are high for producers of value-added soya products,” said Anil Agrawal, managing director, Sanwaria Agro Oils.

UP sugar crisis: Private mills seek central interventionUP sugar crisis: Private mills seek central intervention
Virendra Singh Rawat | Lucknow Dec 10, 2014 08:51 PM IST
Low sugar prices have prompted owners of Uttar Pradesh’s cane crushing mills to write to the Centre, asking it to take action to check a growing crisis in the industry.
In a letter to the Union Food and Public Distribution Ministry, Uttar Pradesh Sugar Mills Association (UPSMA) has warned about the crisis, which could lead to arrears and delays in payment in the ongoing crushing season.
The association has attributed the crisis to “higher sugarcane price compared to sugarcane price paid by mills in other states” and “consistently falling sugar prices.”
The letter claims: “…at the currently prevailing sugar prices mills in the country are finding it impossible to even pay the FRP (fair and remunerative prices).”
The FRP is fixed by the Centre. It is the floor price paid by the mill owners to the farmers. In a bid to provide more remuneration to the cultivators, some states announce a State Advised Price (SAP), which is always higher than the FRP.
For current season, the Uttar Pradesh had announced an SAP of Rs 280 per quintal on November 12, which is 27 per cent higher than the FRP of Rs 220 per quintal.
In its three-page letter, the association of the mill owners asserts that the SAP was too high, rendering the operations of the mills untenable. Copies of the letter have been sent to the chief secretary and the departments concerned.
The millers claimed that their counterparts in Maharashtra and Karnataka were only paying the FRP. Besides, these mills had been given the option to pay dues over a period of two years, apart from rebate on tax and other charges.
The sugar recovery in these states were in excess of 11.5 per cent compared to an average of 9.25 per cent in Uttar Pradesh. The UPSMA has claimed that due to cost advantage of over Rs 900 per quintal, the mills in other states were able to flood the markets of north and east India.
“It is worth mentioning here that sugar mills of South India and Maharashtra are selling their sugar in north (India) at landed price of not more than Rs 2,700 per quintal (inclusive of taxes and transport).”
Some mills were selling sugar at an ex-factory price of Rs 2,400 per quintal.

RBI deputy governor says room to cut rates if inflation easing continuesRBI deputy governor says room to cut rates if inflation easing continues
BS Reporter | Kolkata Dec 10, 2014 03:40 PM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to lower its policy repo rate soon if the factors leading to low inflation remain unchanged, deputy governor SS Mundra said on Wednesday.
"We are at a point of time where the economic environment is quite encouraging. Of course, it has been supported by global factors – oil prices are at an all-time low, commodity prices are low, and food prices have been softening from the past levels...If all these things continue to remain as they are, there will be room for softening of the policy rate," Mundra said during a seminar organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in Kolkata.
On December 2, the central bank kept its policy repo rate unchanged for the fifth consecutive time as it remained wary of inflation. However, RBI had held out hope for industry, who have been demanding a rate cut to improve business confidence and revive investment cycle, by saying it could ease the policy rate early next year – even outside the policy review cycle – if the downward momentum in inflation continued and fiscal developments were encouraging.
RBI has now set a target of 8% retail inflation by January, 2015 and 6% a year from then. In October, retail inflation had hit a lifetime low of 5.52% (the series was launched in February, 2012), while wholesale price index (WPI)-based inflation slumped to a five year low of 1.77%.
Mundra, however, cautioned that there are still upside risks to inflation. "Some uncertainties will always remain. Inflation numbers today have an element of base effect, which will go away from next month. The global uncertainties can always return. Also, deficiency in monsoon can have some impact on food prices. We have to see how things are evolving (before deciding on rate cut)," he said.

90 mines were operating in Goa before ban in 2012: Govt90 mines were operating in Goa before ban in 2012: Govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 03:36 PM IST
As many as 90 mines were operating before a ban on mining was imposed by the Goa government two years ago, the government said today.
"Ninety mines were operating prior to the ban imposed by the state government of Goa on September 10, 2012," Minister of State for Mines and Steel Vishnu Deo Sai said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), a subordinate office of Ministry of Mines, approves the mining plan or scheme of mining of major minerals for systematic and optimum utilisation or extraction of mineral, he said.
To monitor the proposal envisaged in the approved plan of mining, IBM carries out regular inspections of mines and takes appropriate remedial measures as per the provisions of Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 and the rules made there under.
IBM as the techinal regulator, regulates the mining activity for major minerals (excluding fuel, coal and atomic minerals) including the iron ore mining activity by carrying out regular inspections to implement the provisions of Mineral Conservation and Development Rules 1988.
Replying to a question on sand mining, the minister said sand is a minor mineral and as per the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) (MMDR) Act, 1957, state governments have been empowered to frame rules in respect of minor minerals for regulating the grant of quarry leases, mining leases or other mineral concessions etc.
He said the states of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh during the discussion with the Centre have stated their opinion that there has been a rise in the cases of illegal mining of minor minerals especially sand.
The minister added that almost all the states pointed out that litigation is strangulating the administrative integrity and is impeding grant or renewal of sand mining leases, resulting in increase in illegal mining.

Structural reforms necessary to achieve 7-8% growth: Jayant SinhaStructural reforms necessary to achieve 7-8% growth: Jayant Sinha
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 01:45 PM IST
Pitching for structural reforms, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha today said they were necessary for achieving a sustainable growth of 7-8% and making India a $5 trillion economy in next 12 years.
"If we take our $2 trillion economy and get it on the sustainable 7-8% growth rate then we have a situation when the economy doubles in 10 or 12 years to $4 trillion economy. If rupee strengthens we may end up getting closer to $5 trillion economy," he said while addressing the Delhi Economics Conclave here.
Sinha also made a strong pitch for 'deep structural reforms' to achieve a sustainable and non-inflationary growth of 7-8% over longer period of time.
"We also need to get the economy up to a long term growth rate of 7-8%, it will have ups and downs. But ultimately long term growth rate for the Indian economy has to be 7-8%," he said.
Sinha said there was a need to control inflation at 4-6% over the years.
Listing the priorities before the government, he said, there is a need to pursue macroeconomic stability, build world class infrastructure, unlock entrepreneurial energy and put in place social security system.
Sinha also made a case for supply side revolution to enable the country dramatically increase its growth potential.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9%. The growth had slumped to sub-5% in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.

Europe stocks firm after Wall St reboundWall Street retreats as oil tumbles further
FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7d3b022-801e-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shanghai Composite closes near day-high© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96ba28a6-8042-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks face tougher cyber security testsNY bank regulator steps up online security demands
Gina Chon in Washington and Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe9e020e-7fc9-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philippine blast that killed 10 aimed at derailing peace deal  say armyofficialsBy: Reuters | Manila |
Posted: December 10, 2014 5:06 pm
A bomb attack in the southern Philippines that killed 10 bus passengers, mostly students, and injured 42, was intended to derail a peace deal with Muslim rebels, two army officials said on December 10.
The Philippines signed a peace deal in March with its largest Muslim rebel group, the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), aimed at ending four decades of conflict that killed more than 120,000 people and displaced 2 million.
The rebels agreed to disband their guerrilla army and give up their weapons in exchange for more autonomy for the Muslim-dominated region. A new autonomous government is expected to be set up in 2015.
A rebel splinter group, the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters, was responsible for December 9 attack, a senior army commander told Reuters, adding that the rebels responsible recently received training in the use of bombs on the southern island of Mindanao.
“They want to undermine the peace process,” said the commander, who accused the rebels of opposing the legal framework for autonomy, the Bangsamoro Basic Law.
“This is an act of terrorism,” added the commander, who declined to be identified because he was not authorised to speak to the media.
Another army official said the BIFF opposed the government’s pact with its rivals. “They don’t want the peace process to succeed,” said the officer, who also sought anonymity as he was not allowed to speak publicly.
The rebels used an 81-mm mortar, remotely detonated by a mobile phone, the senior commander said, saying the technique was one favoured by a student of Abdul Basit Usman, for whom the U.S. State Department has offered a bounty of $1 million.
A spokesman for the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters dismissed the army statement as a fabrication intended to malign it. “Bombing civilians would not benefit us,” said Abu Misri Mama.
Extortion has not been ruled out as a motive for Tuesday’s crime, because the bus company had faced threats for refusing to pay “taxes” to the rebels, said Lieutenant-General Aurelio Baladad, the military commander in the eastern part of Mindanao.
“The al Khobar extortion gang has bombed several buses for refusing to heed their demand,” he added.

BSE Sensex snaps 3-day fall  NSE Nifty above 8350 as SBI  ONGCriseBy: PTI | Mumbai |
Posted: December 10, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 5:10 pm
Rebounding from over one-month lows, benchmark Sensex today closed 34 points higher to end at 27,831.10, snapping its three-day losing trend, on gains in SBI and ONGC shares, amid a firm European trend.
The wide-based 50-issue NSE Nifty also recovered by 14.95 points, or 0.18 per cent, to close at 8,355.65.
While session was markedly choppy in the absence of strong local cues, buying in key counters supported Sensex and Nifty. Two-tier stocks attracted buying from retail investors, helping their indices outperform broader benchmarks.
Rise in SBI, ONGC, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy’s Lab, Cipla, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Power helped markets end in the positive terrain. However, fall in L&T, RIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Gail India capped the rise.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed lower in line with mixed cues from Asian peers and moved erratically in a range of 27,905.25 and 27,710.03 before concluding at 27,831.10, showing a rise of 34.09 points or 0.12 per cent. In previous three sessions, it had tumbled 765.81 points or 2.68 per cent.
“PSU banking counters remained upbeat throughout the session…,” Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares in jewellery makers surged on hopes government will announce changes to gold-import rules for trading houses.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 221.52 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Asian markets ended mixed, tracking an uninspiring finish on Wall Street overnight triggered by global growth concerns. Fresh political uncertainty in Greece, a rout in oil prices and a selloff in Chinese shares in the previous session continued to cast their shadow.
“Outcome of the Greece crisis and the way they come to an agreement over the credit line instead of the bailout, would drive the market direction in the short term,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Key indices from China, Hong Kong and Singapore closed with gains while those from Japan, South Korea and Taiwan finished with losses. Indices in Germany, the UK and France were up by 0.29 per cent to 0.79 per cent.
US stocks ended mixed yesterday with the Nasdaq Composite rallying after stiff losses, as investor concern about the global economy ebbed.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking said, “Concerns over global growth, political uncertainty in Greece and India’s CAD issue forced local indices to trade weak for the past three days in a row. However, local equities today gained with the help of some bluechips.”
In the domestic market, 13 scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended higher while 17 others declined.
Major Sensex gainers were SBI (3.06 per cent), ONGC (2.44 per cent), Tata Power (1.87 per cent), Tata Motors (1.53 per cent), Cipla (1.48 per cent), Dr Reddy’s Lab (1.37 per cent) and Hero Motocorp (1.13 per cent).
However, BHEL fell by 2.30 per cent followed by Gail 2.01 per cent, HUL 1.79 per cent, Bajaj Auto 1.45 per cent and Larsen & Toubro 1.01 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Consumer Durable index rose by 2.43 per cent, followed by Bankex 1.01 per cent and continued…

Ten persons were killed in a road accident in ChakarataBy: Express News Service | Dehradun |
Posted: December 10, 2014 4:18 pm
Ten persons, including seven men, two women and one child, were killed when a vehicle in which they were travelling fell into a deep gorge near Purori village on Kulba road in the Chakarat hills on Wednesday.
On being contacted, Circle Officer (Chakarata) S K Singh said the incident occurred around 11 am. According to Singh, total 12 persons were travelling in Tata Sumo Vehicle at the time of accident. They were on way to Vikash Nagar from Hayo Tangri village in the Chakarata hills. He added driver perhaps lost his control over the vehicle and it subsequently fell into a deep gorge.
“Eight persons died on the spot while rest two persons succumbed to the injuries on way to the hospital,” CO Singh told the Indian Express over phone.

BMB business to touch Rs 1 800 cr  with 80 b...Bharatiya Mahila Bank business to touch Rs 1,800 crore, with 80 branches
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 04.33PM IST
Tags:
Bharatiya Mahila Bank
(On expansion, Usha said…)
COIMBATORE: Doing a business of Rs 900 crore till November, Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB) is expecting to end the fiscal with a turnover of about Rs 1,800 crore, a top Bank official said today.
The bank, which was started in November 2013, ended with a turnover of about Rs 190 crore in the first four and half months of 2013-14 fiscal and is expected to touch about Rs 1,800 crore in 2014-15, BMB Chairman and Managing Director, Usha Ananthasubramanian told reporters here.
On expansion, Usha said the bank would touch 80 branches, including Coimbatore (which was opened today) by the end of this fiscal from 36 branches now.
It is expected to have 150 branches by the next financial year and cross 450 by 2020, she added.
BMB would soon open branches in Pune, Bhopal, Haridwar, Jamshedpur and Nagpur, she said, adding branches would also be opened in Madurai and Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu, shortly.
As part of encouraging women to contribute to the economic growth of India, particularly through SME sector , the Bank is helping them unleash their hidden talents by developing and introducing many women centric products, she said.
Asked about the need for additional seed capital, she said at present there was no necessity but would think of it later.
To a question on recovery from women entrepreneurs, Usha said "no deliquency and so far recovery is good".
Ananthasubramanian said BMB proposed to start a Recurring Deposit scheme 'Komal Kali' by which a minimuim Rs 50 can be deposited in the name of a girl child, till she attains the age of 15 or 18 years.
She said it was also proposed to enter into MOU with Hindustan Lever for opening its Lakme salons on the lines of Naturals and Green Trends.
The bank has also drawn out plans to have off-site ATMs and mobile banking. It has at present 1.1 lakh account holders of whom 82 per cent are women, she added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Massive $1.1 trn spending bill to be unveile...Massive $1.1 trillion spending bill to be unveiled in House of Representatives
AP Dec 10, 2014, 04.28PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(A $1.1 trillion spending…)
WASHINGTON: A $1.1 trillion spending bill funding every corner of government faces its first test in the House of Representatives , where conservatives are unhappy because it fails to challenge President Barack Obama's immigration policy. Many Democrats are displeased because it weakens regulation of risky financial instruments.
Another provision drawing fire would allow pensions to be cut for current retirees covered by some economically distressed multiemployer plans, part of a package agreed Tuesday.
The 1,603-page measure will be scrutinized in advance of a House vote on Thursday. But support from the top leaders in both the House and the Senate appears to guarantee its passage and prevent a government shutdown on Thursday midnight.
The measure adheres to tight budget caps negotiated previously between the White House and Republicans. It also includes several provisions to fulfill Republican policy objectives, including significantly weakening new regulations that require banks to set up separate affiliates to deal in the more exotic and riskier forms of complex financial instruments called swaps.
Democrats won budget increases for the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; Republicans won a big cut to the Internal Revenue Service budget and a smaller cut for the Environmental Protection Agency.
Democrats blocked the most ambitious attempts by Republicans to thwart Obama administration regulations on greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming; Republicans again won concessions exempting livestock producers from regulations on greenhouse gases.
The compromise spending bill will permit virtually the entire government to operate normally until the fiscal ends next year on Sept. 30, with the exception of the Homeland Security Department.
Funds for that agency will run out on Feb. 27, when Republicans are expected to try to use the expiration as leverage to force Obama to roll back a decision suspending the threat of deportation for an estimated 4 million immigrants living in the country illegally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors aims to double car sales network...Tata Motors aims to double passenger car sales network by 2020
By PTI | 10 Dec, 2014, 04.26PM IST
The company, which currently has around 500 touch points across the country, aims to add equal number of dealerships to expand its presence.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
UDAIPUR: Tata Motors plans to almost double its dealer network in the country by 2020, targeting rural areas and cities alike, as the company looks to claw back to a dominant position in the Indian passenger car market.
The company, which currently has around 500 touch points across the country, aims to add equal number of dealerships to expand its presence.
"India is a hugely diverse country. There are around 6.5 villages, 3,000 towns with a population of more than 50,000 people and over 3,800 tehsils. We are trying to go as much near to the customers," Tata Motor's President for passenger vehicle business Mayank Pareek told PTI.
So, the company is embarking on expansion of the network across the length and width of the country, he added.
"By 2020 the passenger car market will touch 5 million units per annum mark. It will double from the current 2.5 million market. So, looking at that we also need to at least double our network by then," Pareek said.
When asked about expansion in rural areas, Pareek said: "In rural areas we need to expand more as there is upsurge in the market. Aspirations of people are growing as roads are getting connected."
For Tata Motors, rural sales currently account for around 15 per cent of total sales while some other players are getting as much as 30 per cent of their sales from rural areas, he added.
"Also there is a huge affinity towards Tata Motors brand in the smaller towns. We could leverage on that," Pareek said.
Commenting on the new launches, Pareek said: "Indian car market is growing. Earlier there used to be just A and B segments but look now we have so many segments. So there will be demand and we would need to bolster the existing portfolio as well as enter new segments."
He said soon to be launched compact car 'Bolt' would ensure the company's "re-entry into the hatchback segment".
After getting a good response to its compact sedan Zest , the company is all set to launch Bolt in the near future.
When asked about plans for the entry level Tata Nano , Pareek said: "It is a relevant product for us and there are exciting possibilities." He, however, did not share further details.
With government all set to bring in mandatory crash testing norms for passenger cars, Pareek said Tata Motors is ready to comply with the new norms.

Hearing against Sunil Mittal  Ravi Ruia on J...Asim Ghosh
(Mittal, Ruia and Canada-based NRI Asim Ghosh,…)
NEW DELHI: The special 2G court today fixed January 12 for hearing a corruption case related to allocation of additional spectrum during NDA rule in 2002 in which Bharti Cellular CMD Sunil Mittal , Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia and others have been summoned as accused.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini fixed the matter for January 12 after the counsel appearing for accused said that Supreme Court has reserved its verdict on the pleas filed by Mittal and Ruia challenging the March 19, 2013 order of trial court summoning them as accused in the case.
The apex court, in its April 26 last year interim order, had said that hearing against Mittal and Ruia in the case will remain "postponed" in the trial court until further orders.
Mittal, Ruia and Canada-based NRI Asim Ghosh, who was then a Managing Director of accused firm Hutchison Max Telecom Pvt Ltd, were summoned as accused by the trial court.
The court had also summoned former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh, who was named by CBI in the charge sheet as accused in the case along with three telecom firms.
Mittal, Ruia and Asim Ghosh were not named as accused in CBI's charge sheet filed on December 21, 2012 but the court had summoned them as accused while taking cognisance of the charge sheet filed by the agency.
Besides Shyamal Ghosh, three telecom firms Bharti Cellular Ltd, Hutchison Max Telecom Pvt Ltd (now known as Vodafone India Ltd ) and Sterling Cellular Ltd (now known as Vodafone Mobile Service Ltd) were also named as accused in the CBI's charge sheet.
CBI, in its charge sheet, had named Shyamal Ghosh and the three telecom companies as accused in the case relating to the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) allocating additional spectrum which had allegedly resulted in a loss of Rs 846 crore to the exchequer.
In the 57-page charge sheet, CBI has booked Shyamal Ghosh and the three firms for the offences of criminal conspiracy (120-B) of the IPC and under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Preview: Retail inflation likely fell to record low in Nov - Reuters pollDec 10, 2014, 04.28 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Retail inflation likely fell to record low in Nov: Poll
Wholesale price inflation was forecast to slow to 1.41 percent in November from 1.77 percent in October, making a new five-year low.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Retail inflation likely fell to record low in Nov: Poll
Wholesale price inflation was forecast to slow to 1.41 percent in November from 1.77 percent in October, making a new five-year low.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian consumer inflation probably fell to a record low in November, dragged down by falling food and fuel prices, while growth in core industries nudged factory output up in October, a Reuters poll showed.
The latest survey of 36 economists forecast that retail inflation cooled to an annual rate of 4.50 percent from October's 5.52 percent.
That would make it the lowest since the government started releasing the data in 2012. Official retail inflation data will be released on Friday.
Wholesale price inflation was forecast to slow to 1.41 percent in November from 1.77 percent in October, making a new five-year low. The data will be released on Dec. 15.
"Continued steep declines in food and fuel prices, as well as subdued core pressures, mean that consumer price inflation is likely to have dropped to a record low in November," wrote Shilan Shah, Capital Economics' India economist, in a note.
While expecting some acceleration in inflation during coming months, partly due to the unwinding of a favourable base effect, the Reserve Bank of India raised hopes at a policy review last week that it would cut interest rates once it becomes more sure that inflationary pressures are waning.
The Reuters poll also forecast that production at India's factories, mines and utilities rose an annual 2.80 percent in October compared to 2.50 percent in September.
Data last week showed annual infrastructure output, which accounts for more than a third of overall factory production, accelerated to a four-month high of 6.3 percent in October.
The uptrend in industrial production will probably continue, according to a private survey earlier this month which showed strong demand meant factory activity expanded at its fastest pace in nearly two years in November.
The positive data suggests the economy may be gaining momentum after losing some steam in the July-September quarter.
"A recovery is certainly underway. Its sustainability depends critically on the continued efforts by the government to resolve the issues surrounding stalled projects," said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at Bank of Baroda.
RELATED NEWS

Bemco Hydraulics: Outcome of EGMDec 10, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bemco Hydraulics: Outcome of EGM
Bemco Hydraulics has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on December 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bemco Hydraulics: Outcome of EGM
Bemco Hydraulics has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on December 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bemco Hydraulics Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on December 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy fundamentally sound cos  avoid midcaps: Experts02:30 pm
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nipun Mehta, Founder and CEO, Blue Ocean Capital Advisors, P Phani Sekhar of Angel Broking along with Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com shared their outlook on various stock specific bets and where the market is headed hereon.
According to Mehta, although the investment cycle is turning around decisively and green shoots are being seen across industries but there is no evident upswing yet.
Going ahead, he advises investors to enter into fundamentally sound companies, as FII flows could potentially continue backed by positive macros.
Meanhwile, given the current market scenario, Sukhani believes the market should stay clear of midcaps.
Onto specifics, Sekhar feels one should shy away from PSU banks from a long-term perspective. However, from a short-term view, it remains a definite buy.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: I heard you say that the overall trend for the market still remains down, in that case how would you approach the PSU banks, the index itself is up 3 percent today?
A: There will be sub sectors that are much better off. PSU banks are building a base and breaking out from that base. So, that sector will continue to outperform on good days like this.
So, I have an opinion that is slightly different. You should be looking into buying PSU banks in the current environment only if you have a slightly intermediate term perspective of three months just till the Budget; that is a pre-Budget rally is where you sell, not for the next few days.
Q: We are seeing outperformance in midcap, one share that I know you track, Motherson Sumi , it cracked, went down in the morning but it has bounced back. How is that looking?
A: For the short-term, for the day or swing trader it is an attractive idea. A bounce back in a good quality stock should lead to follow through buying till tomorrow or day after. However, beyond that I am not very keen on buying midcaps.
The sense of the market is not very clear as of now. So, midcaps are the last thing you want to buy.
Q: You have a technical call on Havells ?
A: Because of today’s decline there is no rush to buy. It is a good buying opportunity all the time; not necessarily now. Let the decline be over, in a couple of days we will know where it is stopping. It is going to find support perhaps around Rs 300 and that is the time when you want to buy.
Q: When is the next support coming for Idea Cellular ? That is one stock which almost on a daily basis is declining and by quite a margin actually.
A: It is broken down from that Rs 145-150 support which was a minor support; it is in a free fall literally. So, rather than look at support we have to just wait for momentum to stop on the downside.
Q: What is the call on Jet Airways  if someone is long would there be some temptation to book profits? It is up 40 percent for the month.
A: If you are a short-term trader and you went long at the right time which was when it was building a base and breaking then you can book profits but the uptrend is not over yet there is more. So, at least some position should be kept for an anticipated higher move.
Q: You said you won’t trade midcaps in market like this but LIC Housing  hit a new lifetime high today, for someone already into the share would you say hold on or book profits here?
A: No, absolutely hold on. First of all LIC Housing is not a day trading instrument it is something for the long halt. It is going to do much better so why sell it off be a long-term investor in this stock and stay with it.
Q: What about Hindustan Unilever , Rs 830 was the high from there it is now sub Rs 800. When do you expect a final push towards your long-term Rs 1000 target?
A: It will take its own time, Rs 830 was exuberance of some kind and cooling of period is quite possible. However, if the stock goes further and stops falling which means that momentum on the downside is over or coming to an end it is a buying opportunity.
Q: A word on IT stocks as well. This clearly has been the weakest pocket for the market for sometime now. Wipro in particular today was below 200-day moving average. Is it time to go and take some counter trade positions or would you short IT stocks? What would be your call?
A: I would not short IT stocks because they have already done their bit. You just mentioned that they have been out of weather and that is true. They have gone through a reasonably deep correction. At this point Infosys and TCS are probably buying opportunities if you are willing to take that counter trend trade; understand it may not workout so have a slightly longer-term as a trader be prepared to stay there for 10-15 days by lets say till Christmas. It is worthwhile taking a buy there.
RELATED NEWS

Additional spectrum: Hearing against Mittal  Ruia on Jan 12Dec 10, 2014, 04.38 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Additional spectrum: Hearing against Mittal, Ruia on Jan 12
The apex court, in its April 26 last year interim order, had said that hearing against Mittal and Ruia in the case will remain "postponed" in the trial court until further orders.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Additional spectrum: Hearing against Mittal, Ruia on Jan 12
The apex court, in its April 26 last year interim order, had said that hearing against Mittal and Ruia in the case will remain "postponed" in the trial court until further orders.
Post your opinion here
 
The special 2G court today fixed January 12 for hearing a corruption case related to allocation of additional spectrum during NDA rule in 2002 in which Bharti Cellular CMD Sunil Mittal, Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia and others have been summoned as accused.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini fixed the matter for January 12 after the counsel appearing for accused said that Supreme Court has reserved its verdict on the pleas filed by Mittal and Ruia challenging the March 19, 2013 order of trial court summoning them as accused in the case.
The apex court, in its April 26 last year interim order, had said that hearing against Mittal and Ruia in the case will remain "postponed" in the trial court until further orders.
Mittal, Ruia and Canada-based NRI Asim Ghosh, who was then a Managing Director of accused firm Hutchison Max Telecom Pvt Ltd, were summoned as accused by the trial court.
The court had also summoned former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh, who was named by CBI in the charge sheet as accused in the case along with three telecom firms.
Mittal, Ruia and Asim Ghosh were not named as accused in CBI's charge sheet filed on December 21, 2012 but the court had summoned them as accused while taking cognisance of the charge sheet filed by the agency.
Besides Shyamal Ghosh, three telecom firms Bharti Cellular Ltd, Hutchison Max Telecom Pvt Ltd (now known as Vodafone India Ltd) and Sterling Cellular Ltd (now known as Vodafone Mobile Service Ltd) were also named as accused in the CBI's charge sheet.
CBI, in its charge sheet, had named Shyamal Ghosh and the three telecom companies as accused in the case relating to the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) allocating additional spectrum which had allegedly resulted in a loss of Rs 846 crore to the exchequer.
In the 57-page charge sheet, CBI has booked Shyamal Ghosh and the three firms for the offences of criminal conspiracy (120-B) of the IPC and under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
RELATED NEWS

Chinese market like US on steroids: Expertchinese market like us on steroids: expert
Jakson Group gets Rs 110 cr contract from DMRCHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Jakson Group gets Rs 110 cr contract from DMRC
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 10:  
Power solutions company Jakson Group has won an order worth Rs 110 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).
The order is to execute mechanical, electrical and plumbing (MEP) work under phase I of Kochi Metro Rail Project.
As part of the turnkey contract, Jakson will undertake supply, installation, fire detection and fire suppression systems among others. The contract also includes diesel generator sets for 22 elevated metro stations of Aluva–Petta line spanning 22.25 km and Muttom depot, the company said in a statement.
The execution work on the first phase of this project has started and is expected to be complete by June 2016.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

RBI finds falling inflation a hard sell for consumersRBI finds falling inflation a hard sell for consumers
Reuters
Tweet
MUMBAI, Dec 10:  
Waiting for the right moment to cut interest rates, India's central bank faces a problem over public perceptions that price rises will return to double-digits even though forecasts show retail inflation fell to a record low of 4.5 per cent last month.
Explaining why he left the policy rate at 8 per cent, despite inflation's steep fall from over 11 per cent in November last year, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said last week that he wanted to be sure inflation and inflationary expectations are really waning.
He also wants to see Prime Minister Narendra Modi's seven-month-old government reduce the fiscal deficit. If the signs are good, the RBI could reduce rates early next year, the central bank said in its policy review statement on Dec. 2.
Aside from looking at the strength of on-going deflationary impulses, the RBI is listening to people like Siddhi Mindalkar, a 34-year-old Mumbai housewife, taking into account their views on how prices will behave to determine the best time to cut.
"I am spending about 20 per cent less on fruit and vegetables now than six months ago, but prices will probably rise again once the summer comes," said Mindalkar as she shopped for vegetables at a roadside stall.
Food prices, which have the biggest weighting in the consumer price index, typically rise as the summer heat cranks up in March, and thereafter largely depend on how kind the monsoon rains are to farmers.
The RBI expects inflation in 2015 to hover around 6 per cent - its target for January 2016 - and sees risks to the target evenly balanced.
Retail price inflation data is due to be released on Friday. A Reuters poll of analysts forecast that inflation rose 4.5 per cent from a year ago in November, down from 5.5 per cent in October and the lowest since the data series was introduced in 2012.
The RBI will release its next quarterly survey of inflation expectations at the end of this month. What matters most, according to Rajan, is not what people think inflation will be, but how much their views are changing. Last week, the RBI said expectations for inflation were falling.
The last survey in September showed more than 70 percent of households had expected consumer inflation at double digits in the three months and year-ahead periods.
CAREFUL SPENDERS
"While inflation expectations have started easing, the pace of easing is very slow," said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist for Bank of Baroda in Mumbai.
Cutting rates when inflation expectations remain too high could make them far less effective in terms of boosting consumer demand - vital for an economy growing at around 5 per cent, well below the 8 per cent needed for full employment.
Top Indian consumer companies such as Hindustan Unilever Ltd remain cautious about demand.
"Inflation has been pretty high in the past few quarters which certainly has had an impact since consumers are being very careful in terms of spending," said Lalit Malik, chief financial officer of Dabur Ltd, which produces personal and health care products.
Changing perceptions of inflation risks is difficult in a country where food prices are so unpredictable. The situation is exacerbated by India's structural problems, with bad roads, poor storage facilities leading to high wastage.
Food prices have wrong-footed other central bankers. Duvvuri Subbarao, Rajan's predecessor, cut rates by 75 basis points in the first three months of 2013 expecting inflation to ease.
Instead, he got surging onion prices after a bad crop, sparking a loss of consumer confidence that contributed to the previous Congress government's defeat in elections last May.
Tukaram Malusure has been selling vegetables for the past five decades.
"There is no fixed pattern," the 70-year-old stallholder shrugged. The only certainty, he says, is that "prices go up after the Holi festival" in March.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared TuesdayWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Krugman: What The Jobs Numbers Tell Uskrugman: what the jobs numbers tell us
What men (and women) want in a marriage  today vs. yesterdayBy Catherine Rampell December 9, 2014 Follow @crampell
Last week I wrote about how Americans are increasingly likely to say they want to be in more egalitarian marriages, though those preferences are not always borne out by reality.
A few readers wrote me to ask about the underlying data I was referring to, so here are more details. They are brought to you, by the way, via The Post’s excellent and super-helpful polling department.
Sources: CBS News/60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll, 2011; CBS News/The New York Times poll, 1977.
In 1977, CBS News/The New York Times surveyed Americans with the following question: “What kind of marriage do you think is the more satisfying way of life — one where the husband provides for the family and the wife takes care of the house and children, or one where the husband and wife both have jobs, both do housework, and both take care of the children?” Half of women, and just shy of half of men, chose the second option. (For brevity, I’ll refer to the first option as the more “egalitarian” arrangement, and the second as the more “traditional” arrangement.)
By 2011, when the question was asked again by CBS News/60 Minutes/Vanity Fair, responses had changed dramatically. About two-thirds of men and three-quarters of women said that more egalitarian marriages were more satisfying.
In other words, women were again more likely than men to find families with traditional gender roles relatively unsatisfying, but majorities of both sexes still prefer the egalitarian option by a wide margin.
In fact, the same pattern held for every income and age group: Men were more likely than women to prefer the traditional marriage (though the difference was not always statistically significant) – and majorities of both still preferred a more egalitarian arrangement. The biggest gap was between older men and older women, but even a slight majority of older men professed that
Source: CBS News/60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll, 2011. Responses sorted by age.
And here are the responses broken down by household income:
Source: CBS News/60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll, 2011. Responses sorted by household income.
As I noted in the column, stated preferences seem to be more traditional for a particular segment of highly elite men — graduates of Harvard Business School — at least based on their responses to a different survey question about their “expectations” for their future family arrangements. More on that is  here . (Are Harvard men all sexist jerks? The answer may surprise you!)
Another group that expresses more traditional preferences for family relationships, by the way, is Mormons. Here are the findings from Pew surveys of Mormons and of the general public, collected in 2011 and 2010 respectively, on that initial question I described about “satisfying” marriages.
Catherine Rampell is an opinion columnist at The Washington Post.

Rich Verma confirmed as US ambassador to IndiaRich Verma confirmed as US ambassador to India
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, December 10, 2014
First Published: 09:39 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:13 IST(11/12/2014)
Comments
US senate on Tuesday confirmed Richard Rahul Verma as the next ambassador to India, sending him to his country of origin which his parents left in the 60s. Rich Verma, as he is popularly called, was confirmed by a voice vote by a senate that’s preparing for its own handover, passing from Democratic leadership to Republican.
Being a former congressional aide and having worked the Hill as secretary of state Hilary Clinton’s legislative affairs man, Verma’s confirmation was always expected to be smooth.
The hearing on December 2 had gone off well too.
Now Verma is off to New Delhi — though it’s not clear when. After he does, and settles down, diplomatic cables between India and US will have plenty of Indian-sounding signatures.
Nisha Biswal, the head of state department’s South and Central Asia desk, which oversees missions in India, is also an Indian American and so is Atul Keshap, one of her deputies.
USAID administrator Raj Shah is the senior-most Indian American in President Obama’s administration, with a cabinet position. Biswal used to be his deputy.
“It’s become a little difficult nowadays to tell US officials from their Indian counterparts during bilaterals,” said an Indian diplomat, obviously exaggerating for effect.
Verma’s parents came to the United States from Punjab in the early 60s.  His father taught at the University of Pittsburgh and his mother was a school teacher. Verma was their youngest.
After studying law, he served in the US air force, and then worked on the Hill as a foreign policy aide to Senate majority leader Harry Reid. Clinton brought him to state.
And now ambassador to India.
It is “a historic day for both the US-India strategic partnership and the Indian American community”, said Ronak D Desai, an academic specialising in India-US relations.
The 3.1 million-strong Indian American diaspora followed his confirmation process closely and celebrations broke out on Twitter as soon he was voted through.

In the works  book on Narendra Modi campaignWritten by Archna Shukla | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 1:57 am
Having turned around his image from a local and tainted brand to one with a global appeal, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has now authorised his team to put together a case study on how he did it.
Harper Collins India will soon be publishing an exhaustive book on Modi’s election campaign that helped him emerge a victor in a gruelling battle with detractors from within and outside of politics. Sources said that Modi felt he and his team ran an unprecedented election drive, the parallels of which were difficult to find even globally. The book is being co-authored by Arvind Gupta, the national convener of BJP’s information technology cell and Akhilesh Mishra, a former marketing professional who worked with several multi-national organisations before he volunteered to join Modi’s Mission 272+ earlier this year.
While Harper Collins refused to speak on the subject, Mishra confirmed he was co-authoring the book. He, however, refused to share any details. According to sources, the book is likely to be published in the first quarter next year.
“He (Modi) thought an elaborate account of how the entire strategy was conceived and executed will be of value to students of both politics and management besides general readers,” said a source close to the development. To be sure, a lot has been written about the exhaustive campaign that Modi presided over between September 2013, when his name was announced as BJP’s prime ministerial candidate, and May this year when the whole exercise culminated with India going to vote.
During this period, Modi travelled over 3 lakh km across the country addressing 5,827 rallies, programmes and events. His social media drive that saw ordinary volunteers taking charge of discourse on Modi and his politics was another highlight of the campaign. Many credited his success to his oratory skills and the ability to strike a chord with audiences by customising his addresses as per their interests and concerns. “Indeed a lot has already been written, yet nobody has managed to capture the range and the depth of the exercise,” said the person leading the project.

Uber taxis banned in Delhi  company blacklistedUber taxis banned in Delhi, company blacklisted
PTI
Reuters The Delhi transport department has banned all activities related to providing of any transport service by Uber with immediate effect.
All India ban likely
New Delhi, Dec 8:  
International taxi-booking service Uber was banned in the capital today and the government is considering similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its driver who is stated to be a repeat offender and was jailed before.
FIR against Uber
The case had also a new twist over a ‘character certificate’ issued in the name of an Additional DCP of the Delhi Police to the accused driver Shiv Kumar Yadav in August this year with Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi calling it fake and ordering a probe into this and registration of an FIR. This certificate was provided to Uber, police said.
Late tonight, Delhi Police filed an FIR against Uber for alleged cheating even as earlier in the day, a senior Delhi Police official said “we may book the company under CrPc section 188 and other charges as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber“.
“We have registered a separate FIR against Uber under Section 420 (cheating) of IPC. In inveatigations so far, it emerged that the company cheated their customer on the pretext of providing safe commuting with duly verfied driver,” Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma told PTI.
Company official grilled
Investigators probing the rape case have found “criminal negligence” and “abetment” of crime by the US-based cab company whose General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia was grilled today. Bhatia claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, police said.
A day after Yadav, 32, was arrested in Mathura, the Delhi government also blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the capital even as it emerged that Yadav had spent seven months in jail in a rape case in 2011. Yadav was acquitted in that case.
“The transport department has banned all activities related to providing of any transport service by www.uber.com with immediate effect. The department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the NCT of Delhi in future,” the Delhi government said in a statement.
Yadav was today remanded in police custody for three days by a Delhi court. He will be in police custody till December 11. Police said Yadav needs to be interrogated for recovery of a mobile phone used by him.
All States to ban Uber?
Official sources said the Union Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The rape case also brought to spotlight the laxity in enforcement of established norms governing the transport sector in the Capital.
“He did not have the mandatory PSV badge that is issued by the state transport authority after getting a police verification. Uber did not bother to check that and hired him,” said a police officer.
Criminal negligence
Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
The police said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
As per norms, it is mandatory for all private cab service providers to carry out a background check and obtain police verification of the drivers.
Meanwhile, the city witnessed protests at various places including outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s residence.
Holding placards and chanting anti—government slogans, the protesters demanded better security for women and punishment for the driver.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

The big energy companies betweenEnergy customers given further ways to reclaim cash
Customers can now phone or write, as well as go online, to reclaim money
How smartphones can cut energy bills
Millions of energy customers who have money left in old accounts are again being encouraged to reclaim it.
The energy industry launched a website in September, in an effort to hand money back to three million customers who are owed it.
Now they are being given a telephone number and a Freepost address to use as well.
It is thought the customers are owed an average of £50 each, as a result of switching accounts.
Energy UK, which represents the industry, said millions of pounds were handed back to customers when the website was launched in September.
However, it said not everyone was online, so it was coming up with other ways for customers to claim.
Warning
"This campaign spreads awareness and makes it easier for consumers to check whether they are owed money or not," said Lawrence Slade, the incoming chief executive of Energy UK.
The campaign was welcomed by the regulator, Ofgem, although it warned the energy companies not to let the money build up again.
"Suppliers must now do everything within their powers to return the money and prevent a similar situation from happening again," said Philip Cullum, consumer partner at Ofgem.
"Ofgem will continue to monitor suppliers' progress and keep the need for action under review," he said.
Anyone who thinks they may be owed money can call the My Energy Credit helpline on 0370 737 7770.
Or they can write to:
Freepost RTHL-ZYBU-KBCC

China s consumer inflationChina's inflation below target
Consumer prices in China eased to a five-year low in November, suggesting continued weakness in the Asian economic giant.
The inflation rate fell to 1.4% in November from 1.6% in October, which is the lowest since November 2009.
The reading was also below market expectations of a 1.6% rise.
Producer prices also fell more than forecast, down 2.7% from a year ago - marking a 33rd consecutive monthly decline.
Economists had predicted a fall of 2.4% after a drop of 2.2% in the previous month as a cooling property market led to slowing demand for industrial goods.
The figures are the latest in a string of government data that showed a deeper-than-expected slowdown in the Chinese economy.
Dariusz Kowalczyk, an economist at Credit Agricole, said the data partly reflected low commodity and food prices but also confirmed softness in domestic demand.
"It will likely convince policymakers to ease their policy stance further and we continue to expect a RRR [bank reserve requirement ratio] cut in the near term, most likely this month," he told Reuters.
Last month, the country's central bank unexpectedly cut interest rates for the first time in more than two years to spur activity.
More on This Story

There was chaos in the marketCity watchdog to probe 30m financial policies
The FCA is concerned some savers face losing part of their savings if they move provider
Are Premium Bonds a good bet?
The City regulator is to investigate firms running 30 million old insurance policies worth £150bn over concerns about "unfair" terms and conditions.
The investigation will look at pensions, endowments, investment bonds and life insurance policies sold in the UK between the 1970s and 2000.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) will look into policies which penalise savers who want to switch providers.
Insurance firms' share prices dropped in trading on Friday as a result.
Later on Friday the FCA issued a statement in response to concerns about how it had handled the release of the news about its investigation.
"The Board will conduct an investigation into the FCA's handling of the issue involving an external law firm, and will share the outcome of this work in due course," it said.
'Disorderly market'
One of Britain's leading insurers told the BBC: "We await a proper announcement about the pensions review which appeared to have been part-briefed to a newspaper today.
"We regret the disorderly market in the shares in our company and other stocks that ensued."
Resolution, which owns Friends Provident, Legal & General and Aviva were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 in London, just days after share prices were hit by George Osborne's plans for an overhaul of the UK's pension system, and a cap on pension management fees.
On Friday afternoon insurance chiefs said they would "work closely" with the FCA on its inquiry.
"Insurers do take their Treating Customers Fairly obligations very seriously, and company boards regularly review all aspects of product design, customer servicing and product performance," said Hugh Savill, director of regulation at the Association of British Insurers (ABI).
'Zombie' funds
The FCA said it was concerned that companies were allowing old policies to stagnate, and were not giving the same priority to policies sold years ago as they did to new policies.
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
As firms cut prices and create new products, there is a danger that customers with older contracts are forgotten”
End Quote Clive Adamson FCA
A large number of policies sold to consumers in the 30 years leading to the millennium include terms that penalise those attempting to switch to a cheaper provider.
Some savers face losing up to half of their savings if they move to another company.
The FCA also said it feared "zombie" funds, which are closed to new clients, are being used by insurers to pay bills from other parts of their businesses.
Details of the investigation will be published on Monday, as part of the FCA's annual business plan.
But concerns that will be covered include:
Fears that changes are being made to investments to benefit firms, not customers
Worries that "unfair" overheads are allocated to historic funds
Concerns that companies are failing to regularly review these policies
Issues over the communication sent by companies to policyholders
Clive Adamson, the FCA's director of supervision, said: "We want to find out how closed-book products are being serviced by insurance companies.
"As firms cut prices and create new products, there is a danger that customers with older contracts are forgotten. We want to ensure they get a fair deal. As part of the review we will collect information to establish whether we need to intervene on exit charges.
"Consolidation and outsourcing within the insurance industry means that policies taken out 10, 15 or 20 years ago are unlikely to be managed by the same brand, and by people in the same building, as they were at their outset.
"We want to make sure that customers who have been 'sold on' are treated fairly. Some terms and conditions that were common 20 years ago are not what we would want to see now."
The review will begin in the summer and could take a considerable amount of time. It will not look at each policy in detail, but at the way firms deal with them.
'Chunky'
Independent pensions expert John Ralfe told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that "there's a very large amount of money at stake".

War of words intensifies on Taj Mahal  Yogi Adityanath claims it was built on Shiv templeDec 10, 2014 at  12:45pm IST
War of words intensifies on Taj Mahal, Yogi Adityanath claims it was built on Shiv temple
56
3
New Delhi: The political war of words over the Taj Mahal have intensified now with Bharatiya Janata Party MP Yogi Adityanath countering claims of it being a Waqf property and saying that it was built on a Shiv temple.
Adityanath said, "The Sunnis and Shias have their own theories about Taj Mahal. We are saying that the Taj Mahal was built on a Hindu god Shiv temple. The views of Hindus must be considered."
A few days ago, Uttar Pradesh BJP President Laxmikant Bajpayee had said that Mughal emperor Shah Jahan "purchased a part of Tejo Mahalaya temple's land from Raja Jai Singh" and claimed that documents to prove it still exist.
#taj mahal #yogi adityanath #bjp #waqf board
The state BJP chief was commenting over the statement of Uttar Pradesh Minister and senior SP leader Azam Khan who demanded to hand over the Taj Mahal to Waqf board.
On November 13, Khan had said that the Taj Mahal, one of the wonders of the world, should be declared a property of the state's Waqf Board.
Bajpayee also said the Taj Mahal cannot be handed over to Waqf board as the monument belongs to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).
"Shahjahan had purchased it. It cannot be handed over to Waqf board because it is the property of the ASI which was handed over by the British Government in 1920 to it," he said.
(With additional information from PTI)
94

a renewed effort to reunite customersEnergy customers given further ways to reclaim cash
Customers can now phone or write, as well as go online, to reclaim money
How smartphones can cut energy bills
Millions of energy customers who have money left in old accounts are again being encouraged to reclaim it.
The energy industry launched a website in September, in an effort to hand money back to three million customers who are owed it.
Now they are being given a telephone number and a Freepost address to use as well.
It is thought the customers are owed an average of £50 each, as a result of switching accounts.
Energy UK, which represents the industry, said millions of pounds were handed back to customers when the website was launched in September.
However, it said not everyone was online, so it was coming up with other ways for customers to claim.
Warning
"This campaign spreads awareness and makes it easier for consumers to check whether they are owed money or not," said Lawrence Slade, the incoming chief executive of Energy UK.
The campaign was welcomed by the regulator, Ofgem, although it warned the energy companies not to let the money build up again.
"Suppliers must now do everything within their powers to return the money and prevent a similar situation from happening again," said Philip Cullum, consumer partner at Ofgem.
"Ofgem will continue to monitor suppliers' progress and keep the need for action under review," he said.
Anyone who thinks they may be owed money can call the My Energy Credit helpline on 0370 737 7770.
Or they can write to:
Freepost RTHL-ZYBU-KBCC

benchmark Brent Crude price-1.77
-1.7
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

BP will spend $1bn restructuringBP presents Upstream strategy to investors
 
Also expects $1 billion in Group-wide
restructuring charges over coming year
 
BP will today present to investors its strategy and plans to the end of the decade and beyond for its Upstream oil and gas business.
 
The day-long presentation, led by BP's Upstream chief executive Lamar McKay, will provide an in-depth and detailed account of how BP is managing its Upstream business and its distinctive strategy for the long term. The presentation will also review the macro-environment and the context of recent developments in oil prices.
 
McKay and senior members of his upstream management team will share further insights into the depth and quality of the Group's resource base and investment portfolio, which underpin BP's long-term value proposition through the changes in the price environment.
 
"Although the current environment is challenging, BP is well-positioned to respond and manage our Upstream business for the long term," said Lamar McKay. "We expect to see growth from our conventional and deepwater assets and an increasing contribution from gas. And we also have a quality pipeline of opportunities that we believe are capable of extending underlying growth well beyond 2020. Our focus throughout will remain firmly on safe operations, execution efficiency and greater plant reliability."
 
BP also said today that, as part of its wider ongoing Group-wide programme to simplify across its Upstream and Downstream activities and corporate functions, it expects to incur non-operating restructuring charges of circa $1 billion in total over the next five quarters, including the current quarter. Details of these charges and further guidance on the programme are expected to be given with each quarter's results.
 
Group Chief Executive Bob Dudley said: "We have already been working very hard over these past 18 months or so to right-size our organisation as a result of completing more than $43 billion of divestments. We are clearly a more focused business now and, without diverting our attention from safety and reliability, our goal is to make BP even stronger and more competitive.
 
"The simplification work we have already done is serving us well as we face the tougher external environment. We continue to seek opportunities to eliminate duplication and stop unnecessary activity that is not fully aligned with the group's strategy."
 
As an integrated group, not all BP's businesses are equally exposed to the oil price.  About one third of its Upstream projects around the world are operated under production sharing contracts and it is also investing in high quality gas projects which are typically less sensitive to oil price movements. Importantly, while BP approves projects at $80 a barrel, it also already tests each at $60 a barrel to understand the resilience of the portfolio at a range of prices. It will also continue to consider lower price sets as appropriate.
 
BP also has a strong balance sheet, with historically low gearing of 15% at the end of the third quarter of 2014, which provides time and flexibility to adjust to changes in the environment.
 
Across the Group, BP has said it will be looking to pare or re-phase capital expenditure without compromising safety or future growth. In October, BP told investors this could result in reductions of $1 billion to $2 billion in capital expenditure across the Group in 2015 against guidance of $24 billion to $26 billion laid out in March. This will be reviewed further as part of the 2015 plan, recognising the current outlook for oil prices.
 
When oil prices fall, there is typically deflation in the industry as a whole. Together with its already greater focus on streamlining activity, this would be expected to further help BP align its cost base with its smaller footprint and reduced activity levels.
 
The Upstream team will today detail the business's track record of delivery as part of the Group's 10-point plan. Amongst the milestones, over the last three years, the Upstream has improved safety and reliability of operations; doubled exploration drilling activity; and rebuilt Gulf of Mexico production. It has also increased the rate of reinvestment; made $32 billion of divestments in the Upstream business alone; and, by year end, also expects to have delivered 15 new upstream projects with average operating cash margins double 2011 average.
 
Between now and 2020, the Upstream team's focus will be on delivery, through safe and reliable operations, strong execution in the existing base business, and the start-up of a suite of new projects which are expected to be capable of adding over 900,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day of net incremental production to BP's portfolio by 2020. BP will also be progressing opportunities expected to continue to drive underlying growth into the next decade as it builds out its well-established conventional and deepwater oil positions and a distinctive and material portfolio of gas options.
 

Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi to receive Nobel Peace Prize todayMalala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi to receive Nobel Peace Prize today
AFP
print
A portrait of Malala Yousafzai is seen in the Nobel's Garden in the Nobel Peace Center, after she was awarded a Nobel Peace Prize, in Oslo. (AP Photo)
Malala Yousafzai, the global icon of children's rights who survived a near fatal Taliban gun attack, becomes the youngest Nobel Peace Prize laureate on Wednesday, adding yet another distinction to a long list.
The 17-year-old Pakistani will receive the peace prize in Oslo with the Indian campaigner Kailash Satyarthi, 60, who has fought for 35 years to free thousands of children from virtual slave labour.
Malala has already received a host of awards, standing ovations and plaudits from the United Nations to Buckingham Palace. But on the eve of the ceremony she said she was far from ready to rest on her laurels.
"We are not here just to accept our award, get this medal and go back home. We are here to tell children especially that you need to stand up, you need to speak up for your rights ... It is you who can change the world," Malala told a press conference at the Nobel Institute in Oslo.
Pen and a book
"In this world if we are thinking we are modern and have achieved so much development, then why is it that there are so many countries where children are not asking for any iPad or computer or anything. What they are asking for is just a book, just a pen, so why can't we do that?"
Malala was 15 when a Taliban gunman shot her in the head as she travelled on a school bus in response to her campaign for girls' education. Although her injuries almost killed her, she recovered after being flown for extensive surgery in Birmingham, central England. She has been based in England with her family ever since, continuing both her education and activism.
For the first time ever the blood-soaked school uniform she wore when she was shot near her home in the Swat Valley in October 2012 will go on display in an exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center in Oslo this week.
At her invitation, five other teenage activists joined her in Oslo from Pakistan, Syria and Nigeria, including Shazia Ramzan, 16, and Kainat Riaz, 17, who were also shot during the Taliban attack on Malala, and 17-year-old Amina Yusuf, a girls' education activist from northern Nigeria where the terror group Boko Haram abducted more than 200 schoolgirls during a raid in April 2014.
Asked why she thinks some Islamic extremist groups are opposed to education for girls, Malala, dressed in a multi-coloured headscarf, replied: "Unfortunately, those people who stand against education, they sometimes themselves are uneducated or they've been indoctrinated".
'Sold like animals'
The pairing of Malala and Satyarthi had the extra symbolism of linking neighbouring countries that have been in conflict for decades. After being named as a laureate, Malala said she wanted both states' prime ministers to attend the prize-giving ceremony in Oslo.
"If the prime ministers had come here I would have been very happy. I would have thought of it as a big opportunity to ask them... to make education their top priority and work on it together because we see the number of children who are out of school and suffering from child labour are mostly in India and Pakistan."
While Malala will be the star of the annual Nobels extravaganza -- also featuring the literature prize winner, Frenchman Patrick Modiano, and his compatriot Jean Tirole with the economics award -- her peace prize co-winner Satyarthi is far less well-known. He welcomed the increased attention the Nobel brought to the cause of children in bonded labour.
"There are children who are bought and sold like animals," the jovial 60-year-old, clad in traditional Indian dress, told reporters at the Nobel Institute.
"This is very important for millions and millions of children who are denied their childhood, who are denied their freedom, who are denied their education and health," he said, adding that the peace prize had shone a spotlight on their plight.
Satyarthi's organisation Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Movement to Save Childhood) prides itself on liberating more than 80,000 children from bonded labour in factories and workshops across India and has networks of activists in more than 100 countries.
According to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) there are about 168 million child labourers globally. Nobel winners receive eight million Swedish kronor ($1.1 million, 862,000 euros), which is shared in the case of joint wins.

front page of the Guardian todayexpand
Guardian reporter Rupert Neate attempts to track down the staff of Arteva Europe
The new revelations will step up the pressure on Juncker who, in his former role as prime minister of Luxembourg, pointedly praised Luxembourg’s tax policies, something that attracted Skype to the Grand Duchy. In 2005, when Juncker was both prime minister and finance minister of Luxembourg, he said: “Skype will remain based here … this is partly because of the favourable fiscal environment we’ve created here in Luxembourg.”
Since revelations last month about scores of controversial Luxembourg tax deals – some of which are many years old but still in use – Juncker has sought to brush aside suggestions the Grand Duchy , under his leadership, undermined the tax receipts of other nations by enabling large-scale tax avoidance by multinationals.
Skype will remain based here … partly because of the favourable fiscal environment we’ve created in Luxembourg.
Jean-Claude Juncker, 2005
“I am not the architect of the Luxembourg model because this model doesn’t exist,” he said last month, insisting that his government did no more than compete hard for inward investment as others did.
Juncker has faced mounting criticism, including a censure vote in the European parliament, in the wake of the first document leak. The Guardian, together with the ICIJ and more than 20 other news organisations worldwide, revealed that about 340 companies – including Fedex, Pepsi, Shire Pharmaceuticals, Icap and Ikea – had secured tax deals with Luxembourg with the assistance of accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Last week, the finance ministers of Germany, France and Italy demanded a clampdown on Luxembourg-based tax avoidance in a letter to the EC’s commissioner for economic affairs, Pierre Moscovici. They said: “Our citizens and our companies expect us to cope with tax avoidance and aggressive planning.” The latest batch of documents show that the creation of aggressive tax structures is not limited to PwC alone. The new papers include similar deals secured for big clients by the remaining members of the big four group of accounting firms – EY, Deloitte and KPMG.
I am not the architect of the Luxembourg model because this model doesn’t exist.
Jean-Claude Juncker, 2014
On Monday, the chair of the Commons public accounts committee, Margaret Hodge, said last month’s revelations had raised serious questions over Juncker’s suitability as the head of the EU’s executive arm. “Since I have uncovered all this I have questions about if Mr Juncker is fit to be the president of the European commission. I think if this had been around during the period of his appointment it might well be a different decision.”
Widespread use of complex tax structures is believed to cost western countries billions in lost revenues every year. The structures revealed in the Luxembourg documents shelter corporate profits, leaving a hole in tax receipts for nations around the world.
After being shown the Guardian’s investigations into Skype, Stephen Shay, a Harvard Law School professor who last year gave expert testimony on Apple’s tax avoidance structures in a Senate investigation, said: “ What Skype is demonstrating is the extent to which the smaller countries are willing to engage in tax competition - and they’re getting relatively little out of it. The losses to the other countries compared to the gains for the smaller countries are really disproportionate.”
The new whistleblower revelations follow the leak of 28,000 documents from accountancy group PwC last month. Speaking this week, Hodge described PwC’s work as a “mass-marketed tax avoidance scheme”. PwC has denied mass-marketing tax avoidance.
Skype and Koch Industries were advised by EY. The leaked documents detail confidential tax deals thrashed out by accountancy advisers with Luxembourg tax officials. They are known as “advance tax agreements” or “comfort letters” and give the green light for advantageous structures to be established. They are completely legal but increasingly controversial.
Koch Industries said: “Like all Koch companies, Invista conducts its business lawfully, and pays its taxes in accordance with applicable laws. As the Guardian has previously acknowledged, all of our activities in these matters are legal.”
US parented companies including Koch Industries’ Invista division, Skype and others included in the new cache of papers are taxed on their worldwide income by the American tax authorities. However, US tax rules offer generous loopholes for keeping tax on foreign earnings to a minimum.
Microsoft, Skype’s parent, said: “Microsoft’s acquisition of Skype was finalised in October 2011, so we can only speak to activities after that date.”
The statement added that Microsoft had since changed Skype’s business model: “As a global business, Microsoft adheres carefully to the laws and regulations of every country in which we operate.”
Asked whether Skype’s 2005 tax ruling was still active, Microsoft declined to comment.

forecast from Airbus todayChina needs over 5,300 new aircraft in the next 20 years
Chinese domestic traffic to become the world’s number one within 10 years
10 December 2014 Press Release
Airbus forecasts that China will need over 5,300 new passenger aircraft and freighters from 2014 to 2033, with a total market value of US$ 820 billion. It represents 17 per cent of the world total demand for over 31,000 new aircraft in the next 20 years. 
According to Airbus’ 2014-2033 Global Market Forecast, new deliveries of passenger and freight aircraft for China will be 5,363 over the next 20 years, including 3,567 single aisle aircraft, 1,477 twin-aisles and 319 very large aircraft.     
China will become the leading country for passenger air traffic, for both domestic and international markets as the passenger traffic in China will grow well above the world average. 
Domestic air traffic in China will become the world’s number one within 10 years. China will overtake the United States of America in 2023, in terms of the number of passengers and in 2027, in terms of RPK (Revenue Passenger Kilometre). In the next 20 years, the forecast average annual growth rate for the domestic Chinese market is 7.1 per cent but will grow even faster over the next 10 years at 8.3 per cent on average per year. By 2033, the domestic Chinese market will remain the largest flow, representing 11.9 per cent of world traffic in terms of RPK.
During the period between 2013 and 2023, the average annual growth rate for international traffic from/to mainland China will be 8.1 per cent. Four out of the 20 largest flows (RPK) will be from/to PRC. The average annual growth rate for markets between emerging Asian countries and PRC is 7.5 per cent, for routes between PRC and the USA is 6.6 per cent, while the routes between Western Europe and PRC is 5.6 per cent. 
“Domestic passenger traffic in Mainland China has more than quadrupled over the last 10 years, and it will become the world’s number one aviation market within the next 10 years,” said John Leahy, Airbus Chief Operating Officer Customers. “Airbus’ share of the in-service fleet of aircraft over 100 seats on the Chinese mainland has reached 50 per cent in 2013. In the next 20 years, the greatest demand for passenger aircraft will come from China.” he added.
Drivers of China’s dynamic air transport growth include the country’s long-term economic development. The average annual economic growth in China is forecast at 7.4 per cent between 2013 and 2023. China will become the world’s biggest economy in 2023, with its GDP accounting for 19 per cent of the world’s total. 
The urbanization of China is one of the major driving forces for the country’s economic growth. The urban population in China’s mainland was 711 million in 2013, representing 54 per cent of the total population. The urban population will grow to 1.014 million in 2033, representing 71 per cent of the population. 
Average wages in China have increased five-fold in the past decade and they will continue to rise in the years ahead and fuel higher levels of disposable income and private consumption, which is expected to account for 41 per cent of Chinese GDP in 2023.
“Airbus has the most complete product line from 100 to over 500 seats and we will contribute to the long-term sustainable development of China’s air transportation by providing Chinese airlines with the right aircraft at the right moment and the strongest support” Mr Leahy said. 
Subscribe to our selection of news feeds
Press center

7 Internet plays into year-end7 Internet plays into year-end
Tuesday,  9 Dec 2014 |  5:00  PM ET
The "Fast Money" traders give 7 internet plays into year-end.
SHARES
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2015 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

SpiceJet  Kingfisher s pain is Jet Airways  gain  stock up 87% in 3 monthsSpiceJet, Kingfisher's pain is Jet Airways' gain, stock up 87% in 3 mths
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 19, 2014  | 08:21 IST
The Jet Airways stock it seems has gained the most out of plight of its rivals Kingfisher Airlines and SpiceJet Ltd. The fall in crude oil prices has also helped the stock.
Trading in stock of Kingfisher Airlines has been suspended on the BSE and NSE on December 1. Earlier, the Vijay Mallya-owned airlines had been in news for all wrong reasons. The airlines had outstanding loan of nearly Rs 7,500 crore (now amounting to Rs 4,000 crore) to  a consortium of 17 banks led by State Bank of India. Kingfisher never reported a profit since it was listed on the exchanges.
Another airline hit by the crisis is SpiceJet . The airline has reported 5th straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
Graph by Rahul Oberoi
The fact may sound comforting for the low-cost carrier but numerous discount offers and weak financials have taken a toll on its operations. The airline auditors in a report in November have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run it as a "going concern".
The carrier was recently in news as it cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for December 2014. Around 125 pilots also left the airline to join its rivals.
The strong financials of Jet Airways also swing the conditions in its favour. The airline reported narrowing of consolidated loss by a whopping 95.7 per cent at Rs 43 crore in the three months to September on the back of spurt in operational efficiency. The airline had reported a net loss of Rs 999 crore in the same quarter a year ago.
Offlate, the Jet Airways' stock has risen due to a fall in global crude oil prices. Analysts say that every US $1/bbl fall in crude prices can boost Jet Airways' operating profit estimate for the 2015-16 financial year by 4-5 per cent.
Weakness at rivals will also boost sales of Jet Airways, say traders, as SpiceJet has cut its fleet size to save costs.
During the last three months, the stock has risen 87 per cent till date. On September 11, the stock traded at Rs 233 level on the BSE.
The stock on Wednesday closed 3.51 per cent higher on fall in crude oil prices. Analysts say every $1/bbl fall in crude can boost the carrier's FY16 operating profit estimate by 4-5 per cent. Brent crude prices dipped 1.3 per cent to US $65.98 a barrel on Wednesday, though they remained above a five-year low of US $65.29 reached on Tuesday.

Raman Singh faces heat of recent failures  Congress gheraos PMhouseBy: Express News Service | Raipur |
Posted: December 10, 2014 5:12 pm
Pressure to quit mounts on Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh as almost all senior state Congress leaders are camping and holding dharnas in Delhi demanding his resignation. For the first time during Singh’s 11-year tenure, the opposition Congress has staged protest outside the Prime Minister residence in Delhi.
Citing the repeated failures of the Singh government over the last six months on all fronts, PCC chief Bhupesh Baghel said: “The paddy farmer is in crisis. Women died after sterilizations, babies are dying due to lack of medicare. Raman Singh has no solution for Maoist problem either as attacks on police force continues. He has failed on all fronts and must resign immediately.”
“We ask Modi — Is this sushasan? Chhattisgarh is the worst governed state in the country,” Baghel added.
The opposition against Singh has also given a common platform to the divided faction of Congress as various leaders including former CM Ajit Jogi and AICC treasurer Moti Lal Vora have come together as they marched from Jantar Mantar to parliament on Wednesday.
Singh is also facing immense pressure from within the party as his rivals are plotting to dethrone him, and talks are on to find his replacement.
Amid this, BJP president Amit Shah is visiting Raipur on Friday for reviewing the membership drive of the party in the state. BJP ministers baying for Singh’s blood are keen to seize the opportunity and submit a case against the chief minister. The indifferent approach of Singh, BJP men point out, towards various problems is hurting the party in the state that is going to municipal elections later this month.
In a recent meeting chaired by state BJP president Dharam Lal Kaushik many leaders pointed out that the party’s membership drive has been severely affected due to the growing public mood against the government.

Coal shortages ease at power stations | Govt to rationalise coal linkagesCoal shortages ease at Indian power stations
Reuters Dec 10, 2014, 04.03PM IST
Tags:
coal shortages
( The number of Indian thermal…)
NEW DELHI: The number of Indian thermal power plants with less than seven days of coal stocks fell to 50 last week, down from 61 in early November when shortages threatened to stoke a power crisis, government data showed on Wednesday.
On an average, 100 power plants had enough coal to last a week on December 4, the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) said, far below the 15-30 days the CEA sets as an operating norm.
However, cooler seasonal weather this month has reduced demand for power and eased concerns of widespread blackouts.
India, which relies on coal for about three-fifths of its energy needs, is turning to increased coal imports because of insufficient domestic mining, despite the country sitting on the world's fifth-largest reserves.
Twenty eight of the power stations had less than four days coal supplies on December 4, down from 35 on November 2, the CEA said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ten stocks to buy in December; can return upto 30%: Torrent Power best pick in packTop six stocks that can return upto 35% in 2 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 11, 2014, 11.17AM IST
Tags:
ACC Cements
(December is generally seen…)
NEW DELHI: The month of December has no doubt stemmed the surge on Dalal Street, with both Sensex and Nifty are below their respective crucial support levels, indicating a further weakness or consolidation for the rest of the month.
After rallying over 6700 points so far in the year 2014, S&P BSE Sensex has slipped over 900 points so far in the month of December.
December is generally seen a month of rally which is supported by fund flows, but this year much of the good news has already been factored. And, a turmoil in global market will cap gains.
With most of the domestic events are behind us, globally the most important event poised to strike Indian markets is US Fed policy decision. Recently US jobs data showed pick in labor market and steady unemployment rate.
"By and large the December month should depend on how the global economies fare for the Christmas season in terms of consumption. If that goes well then those economies will price in a better economic expectation for the next calendar year," says Dr. Vikas Gupta of Arthveda Fund Management Pvt Ltd.
December could be a slow month, say experts because most of the mark moving events are behind us, but there will be significant triggers starting January uptill Budget 2015, they say.
"Currently, there are no specific triggers as far as domestic markets are concerned. That is the reason why you are not seeing significant flows coming in. December typically is a dull month in terms of FII activity," says Nipun Mehta, Founder & CEO, Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"But there will be significant triggers in January. We will start seeing December quarter results, some of which are expected to be really good. The markets will start looking forward to a potential rate cut and the Budget will be looked forward to," he adds.
Mehta do not see elongated period of consolidation. It could happen for maybe two or three weeks when there are specific triggers missing. Those kind of dips may come about. But they will only present opportunities to buy, he added.
We have collated list of stocks from various experts that can be bought for a period of 2-12 months:
Abhijit Tambe, Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities.
Adani Ports: Target price set at Rs 300
Companies Q2 profits were seen surging by 39% year on year with strong support from power generation at Tata & Mundra. With recent clearance from Coastal Regulatory Body could weigh on stock price. Company is set to commission its 14.1 million ton per year dry break bulk cargo handling terminal at Tuna Tekra. Stock has seen correction in past few sessions and is a good opportunity to buy with the target price of Rs. 300.
ACC Cements: Target price set at Rs 1550
Stocks of major cement companies are trading on positive note as sales volume have increased despite prices remaining low. Several companies reported strong sales volume growth of around 8-30% for November across regions on a low base of last year. According to the charts, stock is making higher lows and yet to breach its high levels. Stock is expected to perform well when compared to others and could test 1550 levels.
Indraprastha Gas Limited: Target price set at Rs 465
The stock has been holding steady despite the steep fall in Global Natural Gas prices. With winter approaching in USA, Natural Gas prices are expected to recover in the coming month and the company could be one of the biggest beneficiaries from that.
ONGC: Target price set at Rs 385
Crude Oil Prices have fallen steeply in the past couple of weeks after OPEC decided to continue with their supply of Crude and ONGC stock price fell along with Crude Prices. Crude Oil Prices may have touched its floor and is expected to rebound from these levels and ONGC can also be expected to rebound.
 
Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Delta Corp - Target price set at Rs 135-150
Delta Corp is in short term sideways trend. As the stock is trading above its 200 DMA and sustaining above the support level of 75. It is likely to experience fresh buying with the crossing of next resistance mark of 105. One may expect the targets of 135-150 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 75.
Torrent Power - Target price set at Rs 210
Torrent Power is in correction phase, but after giving breakout of reversal pattern it is managing to sustain above the neckline of the pattern. It is likely to show recovery in near term with the crossing of the level of 174. Support is at 146. One can expect the targets of 205-210 in the stock with the strict stop loss of 146.
Sharekhan

Delhi cab rape case: Police recover cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav s phoneComments
Delhi Police on Wednesday recovered the iPhone which was provided by Uber to the cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old finance company executive last Friday inside the cab.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
The accused driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, had allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim was headed back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
The smartphone was recovered from Mathura after Yadav was questioned. Police have already recovered two of the three phones used by Yadav.
Uber provides its cab drivers an iPhone with the Uber app. Customers book a cab through the company's App. The system then sends a message to the driver of a cab nearest to the customer and when he accepts the 'assignment', his name, photo and other details of the cab, like its registration number, is sent to the customer through the app.
"The phone is an important evidence for us. It will prove that Yadav works for Uber which will help us prove the culpability of the cab service. It will also prove that Yadav was driving the cab which the victim has booked," said a senior police official.
Its GPS signature will help corroborate the route from where she was picked, the course the cab took to reach the spot where the crime took place and the time he dropped the victim near her home, he added.
The accused driver had dropped a message in the company's system that the customer has been dropped and then exited the app. He had then fled to Mathura.
Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime
Uber execs questioned
Meanwhile, Eric Alexander, Uber's Asia-Pacific head, was called in for questioning by Delhi Police for the second consecutive day on Wednesday.
He was issued a notice by the police under Section 91 of the CrPC to provide certain documents of the company and he joined the investigation on Tuesday.
"We have asked him to submit documents under eight pointers which include details of all the taxis and its drivers working with them and how they checked their antecedents as well as the details of the directors of the company," a senior police official said.
Delhi Police has been questioning senior Uber officials for the last three days.
Alexander, along with other senior Uber executives, also visited the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) office Tuesday after being summoned by it.
Delhi Police has already filed an FIR against Uber, charging it with cheating its customers and defying government orders. The company was also banned from operating in Delhi on Monday followed by Hyderabad on Tuesday.
In an interview to HT, Uber's Head of Asia operations Allen Penn said that Uber's image was their last concern.
"We want to see that justice is done," said Penn.
He also apologised to Uber users and said that safety was the cab service's number one priority. He also pledged support to the survivor's family.
"It is a terrible crime that has happened and we are deeply sorry for her what has happened to her."
Telangana, Andhra ban Uber as well
Authorities in both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh too banned Uber. The transport departments in both the states said Uber has no permission to operate and advised people to refrain from hiring the app-based cab service.
In Hyderabad and neighbouring Ranga Reddy district, special teams of Road Transport Authority (RTA) and police Wednesday launched a crackdown on Uber and other service operating illegally.
The officials seized several cabs in Hyderabad and Cyberabad police commissionerates for unauthorised operations.

airline trade body IATAAirline Profitability Improves with Falling Oil Prices
Financial Health Drives Consumer Benefits
Geneva - The International Air Transport Association (IATA) announced an outlook for improved industry profitability in its Economic Performance of the Air Transport Industry report. Airlines are expected to post a collective global net profit in 2014 of some $19.9 billion (up from the $18.0 billion projected in June). This looks set to rise to $25.0 billion in 2015.
Lower oil prices and stronger worldwide GDP growth are the main drivers behind the improved profitability.
Consumers will benefit substantially from the stronger industry performance as lower industry costs and efficiencies are passed through. The airline industry is highly competitive. After adjusting for inflation, average return airfares (excluding taxes and surcharges) are expected to fall by some 5.1% on 2014 levels and cargo rates are expected to fall by a slightly bigger 5.8%.
The expected $25 billion net post-tax profit represents a 3.2% margin. On a per passenger basis, airlines will make a net profit of $7.08 in 2015. That is up on the $6.02 earned in 2014 and more than double the $3.38 earnings per passenger achieved in 2013.
The return on invested capital (ROIC) is expected to grow to 7.0%. This is a substantial improvement on the 6.1% ROIC expected to be achieved in 2014.This is still 0.8 percentage points below the 7.8% weighted average cost of capital (WACC), so there is still some ground to cover before achieving sustainable margins.
“The industry outlook is improving. The global economy continues to recover and the fall in oil prices should strengthen the upturn next year. While we see airlines making $25 billion in 2015, it is important to remember that this is still just a 3.2% net profit margin. The industry story is largely positive, but there are a number of risks in today’s global environment—political unrest, conflicts, and some weak regional economies- among them. And a 3.2% net profit margin does not leave much room for a deterioration in the external environment before profits are hit,” said Tony Tyler, IATA’s Director General and CEO.
“Stronger industry performance is good news for all. It’s a highly competitive industry and consumers—travelers as well as shippers—will see lower costs in 2015 as the impact of lower oil prices kick in. Airline investors will see ROIC move closer to the WACC. And a healthy air transport sector will help governments in their overall objective to stimulate the economic growth needed to put the impact of the global financial crisis behind them at last,” said Tyler.
2015 Forecast Drivers
Oil Prices: Oil prices have fallen substantially in recent months and this is expected to continue into 2015 with the full-year average price expected to be $85/barrel (Brent). If that assumption is correct, it would be the first time that the average oil price has fallen below $100/barrel since 2010 (when oil averaged $79.4/barrel).
Fuel Prices: Jet fuel prices are expected to average at $99.9/barrel in 2015 for a total fuel spend of $192 billion which represents 26% of total industry costs. It is important to note that the impact of lower fuel prices will be realized with a time lag, due to forward fuel-buying practices. Improving fuel efficiency continues to be a priority for airlines. Fuel efficiency is estimated to have improved by 1.8% in 2014 and a further improvement is expected in 2015. Fuel efficiency improvements could be accelerated by reducing the 5% of wasted fuel burn as a result of airspace and airport inefficiencies.
Economic Growth: Global GDP is expected to grow by 3.2% in 2015, up from 2.6% in 2014. This will be the first time that global GDP has broken over 3.0% since 2010 (when global GDP grew by 4.1% in a post-recession bounce back), this time boosted by the fall in oil prices.
Passenger Trends: Passenger traffic is expected to grow by 7.0% in 2015 which is well-above the 5.5% growth trend of the past two decades. Capacity growth is expected to outstrip this slightly at 7.3%, pushing the passenger load factor to 79.6% (slightly down on the 79.9% expected for 2014). The fall in the price of fuel is expected to lead to cheaper airfares for consumers. After adjusting for inflation, average return air fares (excluding surcharges and taxes) are expected to fall by 5.1% to $458 in 2015. Total passenger numbers are expected to grow to 3.5 billion and passenger revenues are expected to grow to $623 billion.
Cargo Trends: Cargo volumes are expected to grow by 4.5% in 2015 (slightly ahead of the 4.3% growth expected for 2014). The air cargo business has faced weak markets and increasing competition since 2011. There has been an uptick in demand recently but cargo remains a tough business. The real cost of transporting goods in 2015 is expected to fall by 5.8%. In total, some 53.5 million tonnes of air cargo is expected to be flown in 2015. Total cargo revenues are expected to rise to $63 billion, but that is still some 5% lower than in 2010.
Regional Trends
All regions are expected to report improved net profitability in 2015 over 2014. However, there are stark differences in profitability among the regions. Current and forward-looking industry financial assessments should not be taken as reflecting the performance of individual airlines, which can differ significantly.
North America: The strongest financial performance by far is being delivered by airlines in North America. Net post-tax profits are the highest at $13.2 billion next year (up from $11.9 billion in 2014). That represents a net profit of $15.54 per enplaned passenger, which is a marked improvement from just three years earlier. Net profit margins forecast at 6% exceed the peak of the late 1990s. This improvement has been driven by consolidation, helping to raise load factors (passenger + cargo) to 65% this year, lower fuel prices and ancillaries, which together push breakeven load factors down below 60% next year.
Europe: European airlines continue to struggle as evidenced by the highest breakeven load factors among all regions (64.7%). European airlines compete vigorously in the continent’s open aviation area. But they are hampered by high regulatory costs, infrastructure inefficiency and onerous taxation. As a result, and despite the industry in the region achieving the second highest load factor, financial performance has been poor. Net profits of $4 billion next year (up from $2.7 billion in 2014) represent only $4.27 per passenger and a net profit margin of 1.8%.
Asia-Pacific:  Airlines in the Asia-Pacific region are expected to achieve a net profit of $5.0 billion in 2015 (up from $3.5 billion in 2014) for a 2.2% net profit margin. That translates into $4.30 per passenger. Some strengthening of cargo markets, particularly important in this manufacturing region, plus lower fuel costs, are expected to drive the moderate improvement on 2014.
Middle East: Middle East airlines have one of the lowest breakeven load factors (58.6%). Average yields are low but unit costs are even lower, partly driven by the strength of capacity growth. Passenger capacity is expected to expand by 15.6% in 2015 (up from 11.4% in 2014). Post-tax net profits are expected to grow to $1.6 billion in 2015 (up from $1.1 billion in 2014). This represents a profit of $7.98 per passenger and a net profit margin of 2.5%.
Latin America: Latin American airlines have faced a mixed environment. Weak home markets have hampered performance, but a degree of consolidation and some long-haul success is expected to boost net profits to $1 billion in 2015 (up from $700 million in 2014). That would be a profit of $3.53 per passenger and a net profit margin of 2.6%.
Africa: Africa is the weakest region, as in the past 2 years. Profits are barely positive ($200 million in 2015 which is an improvement on the break-even performance in 2014), and represent just $2.51 per passenger. Breakeven load factors are relatively low, as yields are a little higher than average while costs are lower. However, few airlines in the region are able to achieve adequate load factors, which are the lowest among the regions by almost five percentage points. Performance is improving, but slowly.
Connectivity, Jobs, Taxes and Environmental Performance
Despite relatively weak profitability, the airline industry continues to add value to its consumers, to the wider economy and to governments:
Aviation’s global connectivity now spans 16,161 city-pairs (2014), which is nearly double the number in 1994. This connectivity is a catalyst for economic benefits both for users and the wider economy. Over that same period, airlines have halved the cost of air transport, after inflation, which has been a major stimulus for trade, tourism, and foreign direct investment associated with global supply chains. 
The number of aviation jobs is rising although the pace of hiring is expected to taper slightly in 2015. Total direct employment in the sector is expected to reach 2.45 million (up 1.5% on 2014). The total airline payroll in 2015 is expected to reach $149 billion (up from $142 billion in 2014). Average unit labor costs are expected to fall by 2% in 2015 as productivity per employee improves by 4.8% (almost double the 2.5% improvement in 2014). Airline employees are also extremely productive for the economies in which they work, generating gross value added (GVA – which is the company level equivalent to GDP) of $108,610 per employee in 2015 (up 6.3% on 2014).
The industry tax bill is expected to grow to $125 billion in 2015. That is a 7.2% increase on 2014.
Airlines’ environmental performance continues to improve. Airlines are expected to use some 282 billion liters of fuel in 2015. In doing so, the industry is expected to emit 751 million tonnes of carbon. While that is a 5.1% increase on the previous year, it is decoupled from the 6.8% (ATK) increase in overall capacity to meet consumer demand. Investments in new aircraft are a major driver of fuel efficiency improvements. In 2015 airlines are expected take delivery of 1,700 new aircraft worth $180 billion. About half of these are expected to replace less fuel-efficient older aircraft.
The industry remains committed to achieving carbon-neutral growth from 2020. This is in addition to a 1.5% average annual improvement in fuel efficiency to 2020 and complements the long-term goal of cutting net emissions in half by 2050 (compared with 2005 levels).
 

Live: Kailash Satyarthi  Malala Yousafzai to receive 2014 Nobel Peace Prizemore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

HC agrees to hear plea for regulating radio cabs in DelhiDec 10, 2014 at 04:50pm IST
HC agrees to hear plea for regulating radio cabs in Delhi
8
0
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday agreed to hear a PIL seeking measures to regulate radio cabs in the national capital, which were allegedly flouting existing norms and guidelines made by the government, days after a 27-year- old woman was raped by an Uber taxi driver.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said it will not dispose of the matter and will keep it pending after Additional Solicitor General Sanjay Jain, appearing for the Centre, submitted that steps have been taken in this regard.
"What steps you have taken with regard to the issue. How you are proceeding with the matter, inform us," the court said, adding, "We will keep it (PIL) pending."
"Such an incident speaks for itself about the safety ensured by the cab companies," the plea said.
#delhi #taxi #cab #radio taxi
The matter has now been fixed for further hearing on February 4, 2015. The PIL filed by Damini Chawla, a lawyer in the Delhi High Court, has sought action against all radio taxi companies which were flouting regulations.
The plea claimed that even though the Delhi government had created a 'Radio Taxi Scheme, 2006', which lays down the terms and conditions for licensing of taxi services, including character verification of the driver, the scheme was not being followed.
"Car rental companies only provide for platform/interface for booking cabs. Surprisingly, such companies neither own any car nor do they have drivers on their payroll. The said acts are blatant violation of the Radio Taxi Scheme, 2006," the PIL said.
Chawla also claimed that on November 13, she travelled in an Ola cab and its driver had informed her that he was an accused in a murder case. He sought her legal advice, saying he was driving the cab while out on bail.
"Such an incident speaks for itself about the safety ensured by the cab companies," the plea said.
According to the PIL, the 2006 scheme "puts a further responsibility on the employer/licensee to ensure that the drivers are totally safe, reliable and trustworthy. The employer is further made jointly and severally responsible for any offence or crime which has been committed by a person, including driver, using the said vehicle."
It sought banning and prosecution of "web/mobile- based cab providing companies which are not adhering to the mandatory provisions of the law regulating the business of renting motor cabs with immediate effect".
0

Uber executive attacked in MumbaiDec 10, 2014 at  05:26pm IST
Uber GM Shailesh Sawlani attacked in Mumbai
16
0
Mumbai: The anger against Uber for the Delhi rape incident took a violent form on Wednesday with an executive of cab service provider's getting attacked in Mumbai.
Uber general manager Shailesh Sawlani was attacked by a man after he left the Transport Commissioner's office on Wednesday afternoon. The identity of the attacker is not known. The man tried to hit Sawlani but he could not actually reach him.
Sawlani had gone to meet the Mumbai Transport Commissioner regarding the rape case against Uber driver Shiv Kumar Yadav.
In the meeting it was decided that all radio taxi services will have to provide their driver databases by Thursday. ( Uber , via Shutterstock)
#uber #mumbai #rape #delhi rape
In the meeting it was decided that all radio taxi services will have to provide their driver databases by Thursday.
US-based cab booking firm Uber is under scrutiny in connection with the rape case. The Asia-Pacific head of Uber, Alexander, flew in from Hong Kong and met senior police officials to cooperate in the investigation.
Police have issued a notice under section 91 CrPC to him to provide certain documents of the company.
Police have already filed an FIR against Uber charging it of cheating its customers and defying government orders. Uber's executives were questioned by police for the second consecutive day on Wednesday.
18

Pak air strikes kill 19 militants in tribalbeltBy: PTI | Peshawar |
Posted: December 10, 2014 5:38 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 5:45 pm
At least 19 militants were killed as Pakistani military jets pounded their hideouts in two separate operations in the restive northwest tribal region near the Afghan border.
The jets targeted rebels in Tirrah Valley, Akka Khel and Koki Khel areas of Khyber Agency, killing at least eight militants and injuring 15 others this morning, a security official said.
The air assaults also wiped out five militant hideouts in the area where military has launched an offensive Khyber-1 to flush out the al-Qaeda linked militants.
In a separate operation late yesterday, security forces killed at least 11 militants in similar strikes in the same region.
Military jets heavily pounded militant positions through aerial strikes in Tirah valley in Khyber, one of seven tribal districts, where al-Qaeda linked militants are said to be active.
“In precise aerial strikes, 11 terrorists were killed in Tirah, Khyber Agency, on evening of 9 December,” Military said in a statement today.
The attacks came after a briefing by the military to Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif that forces have cleared vast areas in North Waziristan region and it was ready to resettle about one million people displaced by the operation which was launched in June.
Khyber is a key district as a major road leading to Afghanistan passes through it.
Following reports that the militants fleeing North Waziristan were finding refuge in Khyber, army launched a separate operation in October.
So far, more than 1,300 militants have been killed in the North Waziristan and Khyber offensives.
Khyber is a stronghold of Lashkar-e-Islam rebel group which is an ally of Taliban.

Omar failed to carry forward Congress development agenda: Ghulam NabiAzadBy: Press Trust of India | Rajouri (j-k) |
Posted: December 10, 2014 5:14 pm
Targeting Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad on Wednesday said the National Conference leader “failed” to carry forward the developmental agenda started by Congress-led coalition government in 2005 in Jammu and Kashmir.
“Young and incumbent Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has failed to carry forward the developmental agenda started by Congress-led coalition government in 2005,” Azad, who is also the Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, said while on a campaign trail in border belt of Rajouri district.
Azad also accused NC of initiating a “misinformation campaign” against his party.
“When Congress agreed to come in alliance with National Conference, we were quite hopeful that young Omar Abdullah will carry forward the developmental activities initiated by Congress party in all the three regions of the state”.
“But to our utter surprise, he put all the developmental works initiated by Congress to a standstill,” Azad claimed.
Further lambasting the former coalition partner of Congress, Azad said, “Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah, Farooq Abdullah and Omar Abdullah remained chief ministers here in J&K. NC ruled the state for most of maximum tenure since 1947 but failed to come up to the expectations of the people”.
The former J&K chief minister also attacked PDP and BJP, accusing the two parties of “dividing people on communal lines just for votes and thereby spoiling the secular atmosphere of the state”.

ONGC wins oil & gas exploration block in New...You are here: Home > Collections > Oil
ONGC wins offshore oil & gas exploration block in New Zealand
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 05.23PM IST
Tags:
energy explorer
(ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has won an offshore oil and gas exploration block in New Zealand, the first by an Indian firm in that country.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas investment arm of India's biggest energy explorer , won exploration Block 14TAR-R1 in New Zealand's Taranaki basin , in the same region which has several commercially successful oil and gas fields.
New Zealand launched the bidding round in April, offering five offshore and three onshore release areas.
"OVL submitted bid for one exploration block located in Taranaki offshore basin in October 2014," the company said in a statement issued here today.
Others who walked away with exploration licenses included US giant Chevron and Norwegian state-owned oil and gas company Statoil.
OMV New Zealand, a subsidiary of Austrian oil major OMV and already producing oil and gas offshore Taranaki, was awarded another offshore Taranaki and one Pegasus permit.
OVL has taken a 12-year permit in the Taranaki Basin. The exploration permit has been awarded to OVL by Simon Bridges, Minister of Energy and Resources, Government of New Zealand at a formal ceremony held at Wellington yesterday.
"The award of block signifies entry of ONGC Videsh into a new country, taking its presence in 17 countries in 36 projects," the statement said.
OVL Managing Director & CEO Narendra K Verma said the firm's "maiden entry into the hydrocarbon province of Taranaki offshore basin in New Zealand shall provide an opportunity to explore interesting hydrocarbon potential in the region and act as a foothold for greater participation in the far-east region."
With this, OVL now has 36 projects in 17 countries, including Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Brazil, Colombia, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Libya, Mozambique, Myanmar, Russia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela, Vietnam and New Zealand.
It currently produces 160,000 barrels of oil and oil equivalent gas per day and has total oil and gas reserves of about 637 million tonnes oil equivalent as on March 31, 2014.
OVL produced 8.36 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent gas in 2013-14 fiscal, up from 7.26 million tonnes oil equivalent in the previous year.
It recently acquired 2.7 per cent stake in an Azerbaijan oilfield that produces about 700,000 barrels of oil per day.
Also, it picked up 16 per cent interest in a giant gas discovery area in Mozambique. The offshore gas discovery has recoverable reserves of 50-70 trillion cubic feet, out of which OVL's share would be 8-11 Tcf.
The block has potential to become one of the world's leading LNG producing hubs with production expected by 2018.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIM- A ties up with three corporates for res...Ashish Nanda
(The three corporates have…)
AHMEDABAD: Indian Institute of Management -Ahmedabad today announced a tie-up with three corporate houses -- CRISIL, ATS Infra and SAP -- for research in financial markets, infrastructure and entrepreneurship.
"I am thankful to CRISIL and ATS Infra for establishing chairs (research initiatives faculty) in financial markets and infrastructure, respectively.
"The desire of SAP, which will also establish a chair, to foster spirit of entrepreneurship is in line with IIM-A's long-term goals, and we are delighted to partner with them," IIM-Ahmedabad Director Ashish Nanda told reporters here.
"The contribution of the three companies will help the institute to strengthen its impact and maintain quality. As we continue to connect with practice, I am confident the institute will benefit from access to current management practices and challenges; and also support for high-quality research," Nanda said.
"Besides, the World Gold Council has established a centre here which will be called as India Gold Policy Centre. These chairs and centre are initiatives as part of ongoing efforts to deepen ties between industries and academia so that we can learn and interact with them and they will support our researches," he said.
"This is a good initiative for that. The first step of this initiative was announced by us in June this year with some chairs. This is the second step and we hope such type of collaboration and support will be increased in next few months so that we can make our institute one of the best management institutes in the world," he said.
The three corporates have contributed Rs 1.50 crore for their term chairs of five years. The money will go into research, strategic support and in administrative efforts as well, he said.
Providing money is only one part, other parts include ongoing research, inter-change and contribution in education. It's a signal for us that a management school needs to collaborate with corporates for research and teaching, he said.
Earlier, IIM-A had set up the India Gold Policy Centre in collaboration with World Gold Council ( WGC ) for conducting research on all aspects of the Indian gold industry.
According to a press statement from IIM-A, its recent tie-ups with corporates have brought in a funding of Rs 20 crore, which will be spent towards research in financial markets, infrastructure and entrepreneurship, respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Worldwide GDP up 50% in 1992-2010: Reportgdp
(According to the second…)
NEW DELHI: There has been a significant increase of 50 per cent in global wealth between 1992 rpt 1992 and 2010, but it rose by only an "anaemic" 6 per cent during this period if measured in terms of sustainable development.
According to the second biennial Inclusive Wealth Report (IWR) released today, worldwide GDP during 1992-2010 showed a gain of 50 per cent.
However, when changes in human capital, produced capital and natural capital are considered together, global wealth rose by an "anaemic" 6 per cent over those years, it said.
The Inclusive Wealth Index measures progress towards sustainability, combines changes in human capital, natural capital and produced capital.
In the USA , India and China, for example, wealth measured by GDP from 1990-2010 rose 33 per cent, 155 per cent and 523 per cent respectively, the report said.
When measures of natural, human and manufactured capital are considered together, the USA's Inclusive Wealth rose by 13 per cent, India 16 per cent and China 47 per cent over that time, it added.
The report further noted that human capital, measured in levels of education, skills and abilities, grew just 8 per cent overall worldwide between 1992 and 2010.
Natural capital such as forests, sub-soil resources and other ecosystems,declined by about 30 per cent worldwide in this period.
"Looking beyond GDP and adopting an Inclusive Wealth Index internationally is central to the post-2015 sustainable development agenda being negotiated within the UN Sustainable Development Goals," Partha Dasgupta, Chair of the report's science advisory group, said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How to create efficient  well-lit officesArticle |  December 11, 2014, 10.57 AM IST
How to create efficient, well-lit offices
Among the many things that go into making an office comfortable and beautiful, lighting design is perhaps the most crucial. From livening up the ambience to increasing employee productivity, perfect lighting can work wonders for your workplace. As a result, it is very essential to choose the right lighting design for your office. Apart from adding a dash of style to your workplace, the right lighting design can help you save energy and costs too. Given that re-doing lighting for an office is simply not feasible, you must ensure that the one time you do it, you do it right.
 
We list down a few pointers that you need to keep in mind while choosing the perfect lighting design for your office:
 
1. Solutions that blend in with natural light: If you are lucky enough to have a fair amount of natural light in your office, you must opt for solutions that blend in with this light to create a beautiful ambience. Natural light, if used in the right fashion, can complement the artificial lighting very well.
 
2. Colour and ambience: The colour and ambient light of your workplace play a key role when it comes to choosing the right lighting solutions. The choice of light must be such that the resultant combination enhances the aesthetic value of your office.
 
3. Energy and cost savings: Concerns related to high costs and carbon footprint feature high on the checklist of those looking for office lighting designs. It makes sense to do a thorough assessment before choosing solutions that cost less but are high on energy savings. No wonder then that LED is the preferred choice these days.
 
4. Efficiency is the buzzword: Nationally and internationally, facility managers are moving towards energy-efficient lighting technologies. For instance, the Indian Green Building code warrants steep Light Power Density (LPD) requirements of not more 0.8W/Sq.ft to qualify for a Platinum Rated Green Building.
 
5. Avoid over-lighting: Many a time, lighting audits reveal that offices are over-lit. Over-lighting not only results in extra costs for the company, but also inconveniences employees. In extreme cases, it can affect people’s eye sights too. Hence, you must choose lighting solutions that are specifically designed keeping your office in mind. Localized lighting solutions can help increase user satisfaction and increase productivity. By the same token, you must be wary of under-lighting too.
 
6. Control maintenance costs: Choosing energy-efficient lights that have long lives means you will have to spend less time and money on their upkeep. A professional lighting assessment can help identify where installing new fixtures or upgrading of lighting is required helping to reduce maintenance costs over time. In the long run, reduced maintenance costs can lead to huge savings.
 
7. Eco-friendly solutions are the way ahead: More and more offices are going for environment-friendly lighting solutions. With an increase in awareness, there is a conscious effort on the part of companies to reduce their carbon footprint and stay away from hazardous material. This is not just a passing phase, but is becoming a culture unto itself. Even reducing the energy use by just a few watts per fixture can cumulatively add up to dramatic savings.
 
8. Conduct a thorough light assessment: For a detailed study of your workplace and for customized solutions that are energy and cost-efficient, get a professional to do a thorough light assessment. Such an assessment will give you a clear idea of what you must do and what you must not. From aesthetics to economy, all aspects of lighting your workplace will be taken care of. This one time investment will go a long way in save a lot of overhead costs.
Video of the Week
How Discovery IQ can improve outcomes for cancer patients
Terri Bresenham, President & CEO, GE Healthcare,

What does select panel s report on Insurance Bill sayDec 10, 2014, 05.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
What does select panel's report on Insurance Bill say?
We bring you the key highlights of the draft Bill, which was approved by Congress, paving way for a long-pending economic reform.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What does select panel's report on Insurance Bill say?
We bring you the key highlights of the draft Bill, which was approved by Congress, paving way for a long-pending economic reform.
Post your opinion here
 
After a delay of almost seven years, the legislative approval to hike foreign direct investment in insurance sector from 26 percent to 49 percent may finally see the light of the day. A select committee of the Rajya Sabha headed by BJP leader Chandan Mitra tabled its report on Insurance Bill in the Upper House on Wednesday.
We bring you the key highlights of the draft Bill, which was approved by Congress, paving way for a long-pending economic reform. 
* The report, among other things, recommends a composite cap of 49 percent, which should include all foreign investment and foreign portfolio investment, including FDI, FPI and NRI components.
* Suggesting changes in definition of reinsurance, the draft seeks to define the term ‘control’ in Insurance Act and proposed power to IRDA in formulating norms subject to acts and rules.
* The committee is also of the view that incremental equity should “ideally” be used for expansion of capital base i.e to go from 26 percent to 40 percent there should be fresh capital infusion.
RELATED NEWS

Golden Horseshoe  home builder playsgolden horseshoe  home builder plays
Make or break for Nifty....make or break for nifty....
RBI to ease rates by 50 bps in 2015  says Morgan StanleyStory
RBI to ease rates by 50 bps in 2015; first cut likely in February, says Morgan Stanley
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 14:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to lower policy rates by 50 basis points in 2015 with the first rate cut likely as early as February next year on the back of slowing inflation, global brokerage firm Morgan Stanley said.
The report said the magnitude of rate cuts would depend on the trajectory of inflation, which is expected to reach 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015.
"In our base case, we expect inflation to reach the 6 per cent level on a sustained basis by March 2015 (same as the RBI's expectation). We therefore assume 50 basis points policy rate cuts in 2015 in our base case," Morgan Stanley said in a research note.
"We believe that the first rate cut is likely to be in February / March 2015," the report added.
In terms of magnitude of rate cuts, Morgan Stanley expects 50-100 basis points of policy rate cuts in 2015, depending on the inflation trajectory, which in turn will be dependent on the trend in commodity prices, fiscal deficit and rural wage growth.
The upside and downside risks to these forecasts would be influenced by two key factors: the pace of policy actions to revive productivity dynamic and the strength of external demand recovery, it said.
At the December 2 monetary policy review, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan chose to hold rates, saying it is premature to go in for a cut at the moment, but held out hope of a cut if inflation falls.
On economic growth, the report said GDP growth on a quarterly basis is expected to accelerate from the current pace of 5.3 per cent for the quarter ended September 30, to 7.3 per cent in the March quarter of 2017.

From the land of ANNAMACHARYAUpdated: December 8, 2014 19:24 IST
From the land of ANNAMACHARYA
Aruna Chandaraju
music
For Andhra and Telangana artists, Margazhi is a mega cultural showcase
At its best, the Margazhi season is educative, inspiring and stimulating. It is a magnet for novices, connoisseurs and veterans.
Some artists from Andhra Pradesh and Telangana reveal what it means to them. Since his first stage appearance in 1969, Yella Venkateshwara Rao, noted mridangam player, has performed many times during the Season.
He says, “The admirable thing about this festival and Chennai’s culture is that the rasikas recognise and respect talent. That is what makes the Season such a big draw for artists from other States.”
In fact, all classical dancers and musicians will agree that this generous and consistent encouragement has made this event an enduring success.
The city’s art-friendly milieu has led to a steady exodus of talent from Andhra Pradesh to Chennai – from M. Balamuralikrishna, Vempati Chinna Satyam, the late Mandolin Shrinivas, to A. Kanyakumari and Veena Gayatri.
“I am one of the few AP artists who resisted this temptation to re-locate,” laughs Yella. “But I always give in to this enticement to perform before Chennai’s learned audiences!”
The Visakhapatnam-based Nedunuri Krishnamurthy was another stalwart, who had stayed put in Andhra Pradesh but regularly used to make his way to Chennai to perform and listen. Praising this cultural showcase, he had said, “It is the greatest event in classical music and dance. It provides a prestigious platform for performers, from leading musicians to young aspirants; while for rasikas, it offers the richest, most varied spread. It is also the best place for insights into the way the art is evolving, and the latest trends and tastes.”
Nedunuri had recalled his first appearance, way back in 1951. Among the appreciative audience were the celebrated GNB and Chembai. “Next day, Lalgudi Jayaraman accosted me and said that henceforth wherever I performed in Tamil Nadu, he would like to accompany me!” Nedunuri had the distinction of performing continuously during the Season for over half a century.
The Hyderabad Brothers have a string of performances lined up, which they are looking forward to.
The Malladi Brothers, Sreeramprasad and Ravikumar, say, “We cherish the opportunities to perform here.” They first attended the event in 1990, when Ravikumar accompanied Nedunuri. They have memories of many great concerts including one by K.V. Narayanaswamy and his sruti-perfect voice and masterly exposition of the Trinity’s and Swati Tirunal compositions.
This Season, the Malladi Brothers have nine concerts including one with their father, vocalist and guru Malladi Suribabu at Sri Krishna Gana Sabha. There is also a lec-dem by them on composers Annamacharya and Bhadrachala Ramadas, where they will render a few compositions of Sripada Pinakapani, Nedunuri and Voleti Venkateswarlu.
Pantula Rama first attended the Season in 1990-91 as a youngster delighted at being able to perform at this prestigious platform. She has about 10 concerts on the agenda for this Season, which will express the different aspects of her musical persona.
“The Madras Margazhi Season is educative and informative,” says vocalist-violinist Komanduri Seshadri, who spends at least a fortnight every year lapping up the music and wishing that he had more performance opportunities. ”
Dancers also yearn to be part of the Season. Kuchipudi dancer, teacher and choreographer Sobha Naidu watched with awe Padma Subrahmanyam’s programme at Sri Krishna Gana Sabha during her first visit. “Dr. Padma is a Bharatanatyam legend and her performance of ‘Krishnaaya Thubhyam Namaha’ was spellbinding.” Sobha also recalls a mesmerising recital of padams during one season by the peerless Balasaraswati.
The distinguished Kuchipudi, Bharatanatyam and Vilasini Natyam dancer, teacher and author, Swapnasundari, is the convenor of this year's Natya Kala Conference at Sri Krishna Gana Sabha. Anupama Kylash is its chief coordinator. Swapnasundari will also present her own production, ‘Nata Vesha Krishna,’ in Vilasini Natyam and Kuchipudi styles.
December will also see a lec-dem by Professor Davesh Soneji and dancer Yashoda Thakore on ‘The Aesthetics and Social World of the Courtesan Repertoire.’
Besides performances and lec-dems, there will also be workshops on a range of topics.
The overcrowded calendar, however, is a cause for concern for artists, students and rasikas as people from all over descend on Chennai. With so many performances cramming each day, concert-goers often find it difficult to be selective.
Often their choices coincide and they end up crowding the same venues leaving others nearly empty, which is disheartening for performers.
Nedunuri had pointed out, “It is discouraging for musicians, especially youngsters, to face a thinly populated hall.”
A lot depends on a performance during this important period. However, the ‘prestigious’ tag has led to some unhealthy competition and also a few premature appearances, Nedunuri had said.
Yella feels as did Nedunuri that although it’s wonderful to see the proliferation of sabhas and patrons, there are some side-effects. Let the music continue but manage the calendar better, for optimum enjoyment by rasikas.

Third day of falling prices pushes Nifty below 840009 December 2014
Tuesday
Decline continues in Nifty, Bank Nifty; third day of falling prices pushes index below 8400; probably a correction of some kind has started with Nifty giving up 15 days of gains in just three days of losses
A strong support comes at 17400 in Bank Nifty. Prices are now at the verge of breakdown from its short term support near 18300.
CNX IT traded choppy today and closes near its open. Short Term Trend is still down and we should wait for some kind of pattern to be visible.
We have ZINC in METAL SECTION. We will discuss a possible short trade in this instrument. We have TELECOM in Sector Focus. Intermediate Trend is down in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of TELECOMM Stocks. Stock in focus includes ADANIENT, CENTURYTEX, LT and RPOWER. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss a short trade in GBPINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Textiles units hail govt moveUpdated: December 9, 2014 22:52 IST
Textiles units hail govt move
M. Soundariya Preetha
Now, cotton and cotton yarn have been brought under the free list. File photo: K. Ganesan
TOPICS
textile and clothing
The textile industry has welcomed the government’s notifications, removing mandatory registration for export of cotton and cotton yarn.
Southern India Mills’ Association Chairman T. Rajkumar said in a press release that the government brought in quantitative restriction and mandatory registration for export of cotton in the 2010-11 cotton season when there was a global shortage of cotton.
Later, it removed the quantitative restrictions, but continued with mandatory registration.
Now, cotton and cotton yarn have been brought under the free list.
When registration was mandatory, mills had to export the registered quantity within 30 days and furnish data with various documents. Removal of mandatory export registration was a step towards achieving the Make in India mission, he said.
Cotton Textiles Export Promotion Council Chairman R. K. Dalmiasaid that it was a proactive step, which would reduce transaction costs for the exporters of cotton yarn.

6 Simple But Highly Effective Ways to Boost Employee Engagementreddit
By Zeynep Ilgaz, Co-founder Confirm BioSciences and TestCountry
An inspired, hard-working team can make miracles happen. Unfortunately, this is one of the biggest barriers to success facing leaders today.
A recent Gallup study revealed that just 30 percent of American workers are engaged at work, while 18 percent are actively disengaged. This is dangerous for any business because that discontent can quickly spread to other employees and destroy your company's productivity.
Engaging and motivating your employees should be among your top priorities as a leader because it helps ensure your employees are invested in their work -- not just going through the motions and checking off tasks.
So how do you make sure your employees are motivated and satisfied with their jobs? Hint: It's not by making them work more hours or throwing money at them. While financial rewards like raises and bonuses can help motivate employees in the short term, they aren't the best way to resolve the underlying issues of job dissatisfaction and disengagement.
Here are some essential steps you can take to increase employee motivation and pull workers who may have already "checked out" back on track:
Create a positive work environment.  Workplace culture and conditions are among the biggest factors in improving employee satisfaction. Employees need to feel comfortable and free to express themselves. After all, they spend more time at work than they do at home.
You can create a comfortable workplace that encourages productivity with soft lighting and comfortable workstations, but you can also enhance employees' environment by developing a culture that emphasizes family, teamwork, trust, and passion. Weekly potlucks, happy hours, or lunches are great ways to create this family atmosphere.
Make work matter.
Help your team identify meaning in the work they do -- whether this means helping the planet or delighting customers. If your company is focused solely on increasing sales, your employees will be in constant danger of burnout. They'll work harder and be happier if their work has meaning.
Give employees opportunities to grow.
It's difficult for employees to maintain motivation when they feel like their positions are stagnant. There should be a clear path by which employees can climb the ranks to greater responsibility and higher compensation. One way to show employees that you want them to grow professionally is to have one-on-one conversations about personal and professional goals, focusing on how the company can help.
Eliminate stress.
Impossible deadlines or excessive workloads will erode job satisfaction for even the most dedicated team members. According to research by Towers Watson , employees who experience too much stress at work are less engaged and less productive.
Strive to create a stress-free environment by setting realistic deadlines and keeping projects manageable. Set up a stress-relieving space like a coffee shop or game room, and maintain a dialogue with workers to see how they're handling the work assigned to them.
Invest in education.
Offering employees opportunities to receive education that encourages leadership is an easy way to give them an extra boost and make them excited about their current roles.
Show appreciation. One of the most important factors in motivating workers is showing genuine appreciation. Employees work harder and care more about their jobs when their efforts are noticed and rewarded. Appreciation doesn't have to be elaborate or expensive. A simple "thank you" is enough. The key is to express praise regularly, not just at annual reviews or holiday parties.
If you see signs that your team members may be underperforming or losing motivation, you need to step in before their energy dwindles any further. If you notice consistent lateness, a visible change in demeanor, or a drop in productivity, it may be due to decreased motivation or burnout.
Sometimes a simple change to the person's job description will make an impact. You can also consider giving that employee more responsibility or a long-overdue promotion. Showing that you're interested in your employees' well-being will go a long way toward building engagement.
As a leader, you must focus on building relationships, recognize signs of burnout in your employees, work to help them grow and show appreciation. If you take care of your employees and work to make them happy, they'll take care of your customers, and your company will thrive.
Originally from Turkey, Zeynep Ilgaz and her husband co-founded Confirm Biosciences and TestCountry , where Ilgaz serves as president. Confirm Biosciences is committed to being on the cutting edge of offering new, service-oriented drug-testing technologies and was recognized as one of San Diego's Best Places to Work in both 2013 and 2014.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac halt evictions during the holidaysFannie Mae and Freddie Mac halt evictions during the holidays
File photo shows the headquarters of mortgage lender Freddie Mac in McLean
Jason Reed
Mortgages
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac offer some holiday leeway on foreclosures
In what's become yearly tradition, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac said Tuesday they will suspend evictions at foreclosed single-family properties during the holiday season.
People will be allowed to stay in foreclosed properties, including houses and condos, from Dec. 17 through Jan. 2. But both companies said legal and administrative proceedings for evictions may continue during that period.
The moratorium will not affect foreclosure activities before or after those dates.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on Monday spelled out the terms under which they will accept mortgages with down payments of as low as 3 percent from first-time buyers, but it may take time to see how many lenders will sign on to the initiative. ( Mary Ellen Podmolik )
In Chicago, more than 18,000 properties are in some stage of foreclosure, according to RealtyTrac, a website that tracks foreclosures. In October, foreclosure filings were up 22 percent from the same month last year.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac don't originate mortgages themselves. Lenders sell loans that meet specific criteria of the two agencies. In turn Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac package the loans into securities and sell them to investors. Because the investments are guaranteed, an investor is still made whole if a homeowner defaults on a mortgage, and the agencies can force a lender that originated a mortgage that went bad to buy it back.
cComments
Isn't that special? If they really wanted to do good work they would close up shop. What a waste of taxpayer money! A bloated quasi governmental agency that paid itself huge bonuses. Mr Picard should be clawing back on that money.
LaCuerda

Ohio man exonerated after spending 27 years in prison for a murder he didnt commitBy Elahe Izadi December 9, 2014 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Kwame Ajamu, right, formerly known as Ronnie Bridgeman, is comforted by attorney Terry Gilbert on Tuesday. (Tony Dejak/AP)
Kwame Ajamu was just 17 when he was convicted of murder in the killing of a Cleveland money-order salesman. On Tuesday, Ajamu, now 57 and out on parole since 2003, wept after a judge cleared all charges against him.
“I’m so happy today that this battle had come to an end,”  Ajamu said , according to Reuters. Cuyahoga County Judge Pamela Barker stepped down from her bench to give Ajamu a hug, the Associated Press reported .
The case against Ajamu , formerly known as Ronnie Bridgeman, began to fall apart after a key witness recanted his testimony decades after the conviction.
In 1975, two people had attacked Harold Franks with acid, and one of the people shot him. A third person drove a getaway car. A 12-year-old boy, Eddie Vernon, served as the state’s main witness in the case, and a jury convicted Bridgeman (as he was known at the time), along with his brother Wiley Bridgeman, then 20, and Ricky Jackson, 19.
The three were sentenced to death, but their sentences were later commuted. Ajamu was released on parole in 2003 after serving 27 years.
A 2011  magazine story  delving into what happened on that day in 1975 prompted a new look at the case. Ohio Innocence Project lawyers came to represent the defendants.
Last month, Vernon recanted his testimony, saying he was just a boy who wanted to help police and that he didn’t actually see the crime. Instead, he revealed, he was on a bus. In the 1970s, Vernon said, he had provided the names and authorities fed him the other details.
“I’m thinking, ‘I’m doing the right thing,’ ” Vernon testified last month . “I told the officer, ‘I know who did it.’ ”
In November, a judge freed Jackson, who cried out, “I can’t believe this is over,” the Plain Dealer reported . Jackson served 39 years in prison, the longest sentence served by any defendant who has been exonerated, according to the National Registry of Exonerations .
Wiley Bridgeman, right, is greeted by his brother Kwame Ajamu after Bridgeman was exonerated Nov. 21. (Phil Long/AP)
Two hours after Jackson was freed, another judge cleared Wiley Bridgeman of charges .
Ajamu, Bridgeman and Jackson could seek a total of $4.1 million in compensation, a move that Cuyahoga County prosecutors say they will not fight. People who were found to be wrongfully imprisoned can receive more than $40,000 for each year they were imprisoned   per Ohio state law .
“They have been the victims of a terrible injustice,” county prosecutor Mary McGrath said in documents filed with the county court, the Plan Dealer reported .
“We were robbed,” Ajamu said Tuesday . “There will be no offspring when I die. When my brother passes away, that is it. We don’t have children. There will never be another Ronnie Bridgeman.
“The important part is that we have been united while we are standing forward and upward and that we are not looking at each other in the graveyard.”
Ajamu also thanked Scene magazine writer Kyle Swenson, who wrote about the case,  the AP reported .
He also said he’d like to meet the now-52-year-old Vernon. “I would say, ‘I’m not angry with you,’ ” Ajamu said, the Plain Dealer reported . “I didn’t believe Edward had any malice. He was a kid who got caught up in the wrong thing.”
Vernon’s pastor, the Rev. Anthony Singleton, had noticed that something was plaguing the man. After the 2011 Scene story published, he tried to get Vernon to talk about what happened that day in 1975. Then, in 2013, with Vernon’s health deteriorating, Singleton broached the subject again, and Vernon, lying in a hospital bed, confessed. “The words tumbled out,” the Scene reported . He later repeated the confession in an affidavit.
On Tuesday, Ajamu said : “It’s my hope going forward that we don’t have to wait another 40 years for the next Kwame Ajamu, Wiley Bridgeman, Ricky Jackson. It’s my hope from this day on we can stop ignoring what is obvious in the criminal justice system and move forward with peace and love.”
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

India Likely to Grow 5-6% in 2015: Moody sArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: Indian economy is expected to pick up pace in 2015 and grow in the range of 5-6 per cent, helped by strong domestic demand, rating agency Moody's said today.
"India will have stronger GDP growth in 2015, which we forecast at 5-6 per cent, up from around 5 per cent in 2014," Moody's said in a report titled -- 2015 Outlook-Global Credit Conditions.
The country, it said, has benefited from a strong domestic demand base and diversified export markets that give protection from the effects of a slowing Chinese economy and muted growth in the euro zone and Japan.
"Employment and consumption are likely to rise in India, and the fall in global commodity prices will help to lower high inflation in the country," Moody's said.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March 2015 would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent. The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.
It also projected that corporates would see improved cash flows on account of acceleration in manufacturing activity.
However, Moody's outlook on the banking system remains negative as it expects poor asset quality to require continued provisioning and strengthened capital buffers.
"Our outlook for the Indian banking system remains negative, reflecting high leverage in the corporate sector that will inhibit any meaningful recovery in asset quality, notwithstanding a moderate rebound in economic growth," it added.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 12:16 (IST)

US Congress agrees on $1-tn budget bill to avoid shutdownUS Congress agrees on $1-tn budget bill to avoid shutdown
Offshore debt markets attractive to Indian corporates: FitchRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Rating agency Fitch today said it expects Indian corporates to increasingly access offshore debt markets to meet their funding requirements.
The offshore bond issuances by non-financial Indian corporates is estimated to have crossed USD 13 billion so far in 2014 as against around USD 9 billion in 2013.
“The offshore capital markets are increasingly attractive to Indian corporates partly because of better pricing for their bonds,” Fitch Ratings said in a statement.
The growth in access to bond market is likely to be driven by the need to refinance debt and fund capex once the investment cycle restarts, it added.
The offshore markets now present a relatively more cost-effective funding source as compared with onshore funding for Indian corporates, it said.
Also the reduction of withholding tax on interest payments of offshore bonds to 5 per cent with effect from July 2014, compared with 20 per cent earlier, has incentivised investment in such instruments.
“Investor demand for Indian bonds has also been strong due to expectations of improvement in Indian economic growth, improved political stability and strong liquidity in global capital markets,” Fitch added.
Post Comments
More from companies

Tata Motors aims to double passenger car sales network by 2020Roche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Tata Motors plans to almost double its dealer network in the country by 2020, targeting rural areas and cities alike, as the company looks to claw back to a dominant position in the Indian passenger car market.
The company, which currently has around 500 touch points across the country, aims to add equal number of dealerships to expand its presence.
“India is a hugely diverse country. There are around 6.5 villages, 3,000 towns with a population of more than 50,000 people and over 3,800 tehsils. We are trying to go as much near to the customers,” Tata Motor’s President for passenger vehicle business Mayank Pareek told PTI.
So, the company is embarking on expansion of the network across the length and width of the country, he added.
“By 2020 the passenger car market will touch 5 million units per annum mark. It will double from the current 2.5 million market. So, looking at that we also need to at least double our network by then,” Pareek said.
When asked about expansion in rural areas, Pareek said: “In rural areas we need to expand more as there is upsurge in the market. Aspirations of people are growing as roads are getting connected.”
For Tata Motors, rural sales currently account for around 15 per cent of total sales while some other players are getting as much as 30 per cent of their sales from rural areas, he added.
“Also there is a huge affinity towards Tata Motors brand in the smaller towns. We could leverage on that,” Pareek said.
Commenting on the new launches, Pareek said: “Indian car market is growing. Earlier there used to be just A and B segments but look now we have so many segments. So there will be demand and we would need to bolster the existing portfolio as well as enter new segments.”
He said soon to be launched compact car ‘Bolt’ would ensure the company’s “re-entry into the hatchback segment”.
After getting a good response to its compact sedan Zest, the company is all set to launch Bolt in the near future.
When asked about plans for the entry level Tata Nano, Pareek said: “It is a relevant product for us and there are exciting possibilities.” He, however, did not share further details.
With government all set to bring in mandatory crash testing norms for passenger cars, Pareek said Tata Motors is ready to comply with the new norms.
Post Comments
More from companies

Uber cab rape fallout: Now  Telangana starts crackdown in Hyderabad  Cyberabad against illegal taxi servicesRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
The Telangana Transport Department today started a crackdown on taxi/cab services operating “illegally” in Hyderabad and Cyberabad Police Commissionerate limits in the wake of a woman being allegedly raped by an Uber cab driver in Delhi.
“A thorough verification process is underway to check documents (proper licenses/permits) of cabs/taxis, if they are running their services as per rules and if they have registered with Transport Department or not,” Hyderabad Joint Transport Commissioner T Raghunath told PTI.
So, far 35 cases have been registered and seven vehicles have been seized during the drive launched in Hyderabad and Cyberabad Police Commissionerate limits in association with police, the senior Transport official said.
In the light of Delhi incident, all the enforcement staff of the Transport Department were directed to check the “unauthorised” practices of the private operators, including Uber, the official said adding “we are screening the cabs/taxis drivers on whether they are operating legally or not. We are also checking if the cabs/taxis are putting up the illuminated display board on such vehicles.”
“Teams have been pressed into action to check if the travel companies are complying rules.”
Over 500 travel companies have registered with Transport Department in Hyderabad and they are operating 25,000 cabs/taxis in Hyderabad and 20,000 in neighbouring Ranga Reddy district (covered by Cyberabad Police Commissionerate), he said.
“The enforcement will continue and we will focus on all kinds of private carriers, including buses and autos,” Raghunath added.
The Telangana Transport Department has already announced that no permission was granted to Uber taxi services to operate in the state, he said. People, including cab owners and drivers, were advised not to be associated with Uber company in any form.
Citing a message from the Centre, the Telangana Transport Department said a criminal case has been reported against the permit holder of a vehicle associated with Uber company.
“In these circumstances, the public including the taxi, cab owners/drivers are informed not to be associated with Uber Company in any form. No permission has been granted to Uber Company by Transport Department of Telangana government,” the Transport department had said.
“Public are requested not to hire any transport services through Uber company in any form, including web-based mobile applications keeping in view the safety and security,” it said.
It further stated, “It has come to the notice of Transport Department that certain cab operators are providing taxi/cab services without obtaining proper licenses/permits from the competent authority.”
Post Comments
More from companies

Govt to decriminalise  attempt to commit suicide   delete Sec 309 from penal codeGovt to decriminalise 'attempt to commit suicide', delete Sec 309 from penal code
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 03:37 PM IST
Attempt to suicide will soon be not a punishable offence with the government deciding to delete Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code from the statute book to decriminalise it after getting the backing of 22 states and union territories, the Rajya Sabha was told today.
Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary said the Law Commission of India, in its 210th Report, had recommended that Sec 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of IPC needs to be effaced from the statute book.
Chaudhary said since law and order is a state subject, views of all states and union territories were sought on the recommendations of the Law Commission.
"Eighteen states and 4 union territory administrations have supported that Sec 309 of the IPC may be deleted. Keeping in view the responses from the States/UTs, it has been decided to delete Sec 309 of IPC from the Statute book," he said in reply to a written question.

Ikea to double sourcing from India by 2020Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ikea to double sourcing from India by 2020
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 10:  
World’s largest furniture retailer Ikea today announced a new initiative ‘Make More in India’ as it plans to double its sourcing from the country to about 630 million euro by 2020.
“The initiative is aimed at potential suppliers and to expand Ikea’s supplier base as well as the categories of home furnishing products sourced in India. Ikea today sources for EUR 315 million and plans to double the sourcing by 2020,” the company said in a statement.
Ikea South Asia Head of Sourcing Sandeep Sanan said: “We believe there is tremendous potential in India. We are looking for new suppliers who share our vision and values, are willing to grow with us and become world class suppliers. We believe that many suppliers will come from other segments who are looking to diversify their business.”
At present, Ikea has 48 suppliers in India with 45,000 direct employees and about 400,000 people in its extended supply chain.
As part of this initiative, Ikea India will conduct two seminars — in Mumbai and Bangalore where more than 100 new potential suppliers are likely to participate.
The seminars will focus on enrolling new suppliers in existing categories like textiles and rugs; as well as for new home furnishing categories like furniture, mattresses, and sustainable materials like bamboo and acacia; and also growing suppliers for categories like metal, plastics, and lighting, the company said.
In September, Ikea said it plans to invest Rs 12,500 crore to set up 25 stores in the country over the next decade.
The new stores, each needing investment of around Rs 500 crore, will come in the cities such as Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad and Bangalore.
Ikea India has already received the FIPB nod to invest Rs 10,500 crore.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Malala  Satyarthi receive their Nobel Prizes for childcampaignsBy: Press Trust of India | Oslo |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:10 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:28 pm
India’s Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 on Wednesday, sharing it with Pakistan’s Malala Yousafzai , the youngest ever Nobel laureate, for their work on promoting child rights in the troubled sub-continent, where millions are deprived of their childhood and education.
“Satyarthi and Yousafzai are precisely the people whom Alfred Nobel in his will calls ‘champions of peace’,” Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee Thorbjorn Jagland said in his speech before awarding them the prize.
“A young girl and a somewhat older man, one from Pakistan and one from India, one Muslim, the other Hindu; both symbols of what the world needs: more unity. Fraternity between the nations,” he added.
Nobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan holds up her medal during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo (Source: AP)
Satyarthi, 60, who gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run an NGO for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking, and 17-year-old Malala, who survived a near-fatal Taliban attack two years ago with determination advocating education for girls, were named by the Nobel Peace Prize Committee for the prestigious award on October 10.
They received the Nobel medal which is 18 carat green gold plated with 24 carat gold and weighs around 175 grams. They will share USD 1.1 million prize money.
See Pictures: Malala, Satyarthi receive their Nobel Peace Prizes in Oslo
Noting that violence and repression cannot be justified in any religion, Jagland said Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism and Buddhism protect life and cannot be used to take lives.
“The two whom we honour here today stand very firm on this point. They live according to a principle Mahatma Gandhi gave expression to. He said: ‘There are many purposes I would have died for. There are no purposes I would have killed for’,” Jagland said, invoking Mahatma Gandhi.
General view of the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony at the City Hall in Oslo (Source: AP)
Satyarthi’s NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Save Childhood Movement) prides itself on liberating over 80,000 children from bonded labour in factories and workshops across India.
According to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) there are about 168 million child labourers globally. There are roughly 60 million child labourers in India alone.
Malala, who was nominated in the peace prize category last year also, had displayed tremendous courage even after the Taliban attack when she resolutely expressed her determination to carry on with her campaign for child rights and girls education especially in a country like Pakistan.
Nobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan, right, and Kailash Satyarthi of India take their seats during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo (Source: AP)
Speaking after receiving the award, Satyarthi asked audience to feel the child inside them and said the crime against children has no place in a civilised society.
“Children are questioning our inaction and watching our action,” he said, adding that all religion teach to take care of children.
Noting that the number of child labour has been reduced by a third, Satyarthi said, “My dream is to make every child free to develop…There is no greater violence than to deny the dreams of children.”
Recounting his experience with the unprivileged people, he said, “I am representing the sound of silence of millions of children who are left behind.”
“The credit to this honour goes to people who worked and sacrificed for freeing children,” he said.
Famed Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Indian musician Amjad Ali Khan performed at the award ceremony.
Pakistan’s former prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani was among those present on the occasion.
 

Textile sector has low credibility in financial world:ExpertsBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 6:57 pm
The crude oil prices that has nosedived from the highs of $ 110 per barrel in June 2014 is expected to pump in USD 1.4 trillon in to the Indian economy, said Rajen Udeshi, president (polyester chain), Reliance Industries while addressing an event at Gandhinagar on Wednesday.
“Today, this money is lying with the government and the oil companies. I think it will soon come in to the system and will change the purchasing power of the people,” said Udeshi at the inaugural function of a 3-day pre-Vibrant Gujarat summit titled: India-Opportunities for Global Investment in Textiles.
Around June 2014, India was importing crude at over $ 110 per barrel. Today the prices of brent crude stand around $ 65. This dip in prices, Udeshi felt, will benefit the Indian economy.
“The buying habits of people has already changed. From a single pair of cloth, today a person wears 3-4 pairs during the day. One for a morning jog, office wear, evening dress and a party wear,” he said while predicting a huge growth in polyester fabric in the near future.
Meanwhile, experts from the textile world who had gathered for the event rued the “low credibility” that the textile sector has among lending institutions. “As an industry, the credibility of the textile sector within the financial world in India is very low,” said Hrishikesh Mafatlal, chairman and chief executive, Arvind Mafatlal Group of Companies.
According to Mafatlal, the share of funding from both the private and public sector banks was very low as far as the textile sector was concerned. “There is a need to focus energies on product development and innovation,” he remarked.
Giving reasons for the low attractiveness of the textile industry among investors, Sunil Singhania, CIO (Equity Investments), Reliance Mutual Fund said, “In the last 50-70 years, very few industries in the textile sector have created value.” He gave the example of Bangalore-based Page Industries as one of the few Indian companies who has created a lot of value in manufacturing innerwear and leisurewear in the country.
“Even if one Indian spends only Rs 10,000 on his clothes every year, India is easily a Rs 10 lakh crore market. Most of the companies have failed to tap this local market,” he said.
S Uma Shanmukhi, DGM (SME) State Bank of India minced no words when she pointed out how her bank has maintained a “neutral” outlook for the industry. “We are moderately negative on 100 percent export oriented units in the garment industry and moderately positive on the technical textiles,” Shanmukhi said at the event.
Meanwhile, Ahmedabad-based Sintex Industries was more upbeat about the new textile policy of Gujarat. “We have been in this (textile) business for the past 90 years. We used to have a small role; we were largely a boutique manufacturer. But after the state government announced a new textile policy we decided to set up a Rs 5500 crore spinning and weaving unit near to the port at Pipavav,” said Amit Patel, managing director of Sintex Industries.
“The unit will employ about continued…

On the film festival beatUpdated: December 10, 2014 19:22 IST
On the film festival beat
BHUMIKA K.
Mevlut Akkaya. Photo: Bhagya Prakash K.
Mevlut Akkaya. Photo: Bhagya Prakash K.
TOPICS
film festival
Film festival maven Mevlut Akkaya gives young filmmakers an idea of what being on the festival circuit can mean to their career
Bengaluru is in the grip of film festival frenzy. And film festival maven, Turkish film producer-director Mevlut Akkaya talks of what a film festival can do to a film and filmmaker. “Going to an international film festival is like having a business card,” he smiles. “It opens you up for the international film market.”
In Bengaluru for the 7 Bengaluru International Film Festival (BIFFES), he’s on the NETPAC (Network for Promotion of Asian Cinema) jury. A former festival director of the New York Turkish Film Festival, he is involved with several film festivals as creator, adviser and jury member, including the Brazilian Film Festival, Eureka International Film Festival, and Skip City D-Cinema Film Festival in Japan. He is also credited with facilitating the screening of more than 500 films in the United States during the past 10 years. He studied motion picture production at the Brooklyn College in New York. His 2013 documentary When Comedy Went To School explores a boot camp where famous comedians went to hone their skills.
“A good film is a good film, no matter what genre it belongs to,” declares Akkaya, who works out of New York, where his production house that produces a whole lot of independent feature films and documentaries, Akaya Films, is based. “I don’t know what I’m looking for till I see a film. It’s important to deal with social issues, but a film has to entertain,” he smiles. While he says that what gets a film selected for a festival changes from year to year , and the place where it is held, he points out how despite the constant tussle between commercial and art filmmakers, who criticise each other, “for me, the audience, and the industry, both are important”.
At BIFFES he was looking forward to watching his first Kannada film. “Outside India, we don’t know anything about Kannada films!” he says in amusement.
“When you go to a new country, you meet new people and it opens up your mind, and you look at the world with a little wider lens. It helps young filmmakers learn more about themselves too.”
Akkaya wrote and directed the film A Jazz Story, featuring jazz legend Gary Bartz. The film has been shown in many International film festivals, including Kino International Film Festival and The Oceanside Film Festival. His short film Kanake, shot in Germany, tackles the subject of racism.
“The film came form my experience of being a non-German in Germany and tells the story of a day in the life of a young skinhead,” says Akkaya. The film screened at The Los Angeles International Short Film Festival, AFI Film Festival, and Sedona Film Festival. He’s currently producing Naked Mind, a documentary that took seven years to make and is shot across 12 countries, and looks at the impact of Buddhism across the Western world. “I’m also working on a documentary on Rubin ‘Hurricane’ Carter, the boxer wrongly convicted of a triple-murder,” says Akkaya. As a producer, he’s guided the development of the films such as Following Bliss, Reality Trap, Last Looks, and The Doorman.
Talking of the mother of all film festivals, Cannes, Akkaya stresses: “If your film is selected for the competition section at Cannes, it changes your life forever.” The possibilities of what can happen are endless, he adds — you can get a job offer, it can help you finance your next film, you could end up being in a collaborative production. “It happened to me. To be recognised is very important. Film festivals are about networking and meeting international filmmakers. Even if you continue your relationship with even 10 per cent of the people you met, who know, you could end up making a film together!”
Mevlüt Akkaya is an award-winning producer and director of stage and screen, and has been an active member of the international entertainment community for over a decade. He studied at Anadolu University in Turkey, Dortmund University in Germany, and where he was awarded a scholarship. Since 1996, Akkaya has focused on cinema, working in various capacities for several independent films and commercials.
He has also produced numerous commercials for the DFA, Tulumba, and Cola Turka. He has been a cultural bridge between the United States and Europe, having brought many projects from Europe to the U.S. Akkaya was Supervising Producer for the film "Toss- Up", which won numerous international awards, and a record-setting 11 awards at the Antalya Film Festival, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Script, and Best Actor. The film was also officially selected to screen at the respected Karlovy Vary Film Festival, the Montreal International Film Festival, and the Kiev International Film Festival. He also directed and produced a documentary about American Stand-up comedy, “When Comedy Went to School” with Jerry Lewis, Larry King, Jackie Mason, Jerry Stiller and many other well known artists.
In addition to directing and producing, Akkaya also organises film festivals.

Ask Matt: Will a new boss fix AbercrombieAP
Q: Is new leadership what Abercrombie & Fitch needs?
A: Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF) used to get attention for provocative catalogs. But now it’s drawing eyeballs for its disappointing stock performance. Investors are hoping a new CEO might help.
It’s been years since A&F has been the moonshot stock that allowed investors to profit from the fashion tastes of teens. And this year, the stock is down more than 20% as the company struggles to find a new formula that works.  In the just-completed quarter ended in November, the teen apparel seller reported 12% lower revenue of $911.5 million. And it wasn’t much better in the previous quarter ended in August when revenue declined nearly 6% to $890.6 million. Some hope that the sudden retirement of long-time CEO Michael Jeffries is the change that’s needed. Jeffries has been CEO of the company since 1992 and many analysts expected him to step down, says John Morris, analyst at BMO Capital Markets. Morris was a bit surprised at the timing since Jeffries’ contract didn’t expire until February. Filling the CEO position at A&F will likely take time as several specialty apparel makers have been searching for CEOs already, Morris says. “New blood at the helm should be a positive,” Morris says, but the “pace of change will be gradual.”
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Tirupati Starch Chemicals: Outcome of board meetingDec 10, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals: Outcome of board meeting
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has discussed and approved the following: 1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Modi, who has signified his consent to act as Director, as Additional Director of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals: Outcome of board meeting
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has discussed and approved the following: 1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Modi, who has signified his consent to act as Director, as Additional Director of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has discussed and approved the following:1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Modi, who has signified his consent to act as Director, as Additional Director of the Company.2. In terms of Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Clause 47(a) of the Listing Agreement, appointment of Mr. Siddharth Sharma as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company (w.e.f. December 01, 2014).Source : BSE

Edison - The man who illuminated our livesDr. RV Parameswaran, Head of Nuclear Medicine at Manipal Hospital, speaks about how important it is in...
When shifting or renovating offices, does lighting design feature on your priority list?
Yes
Submit
About GE StepAhead
GE StepAhead is a platform that takes a look at issues that affect us and our future generations. From healthcare to energy, power to aviation and water management to oil and gas. In ways small and big, all these sectors impact our lives. And not to forget, each one of these sectors contributes not just to economic growth, but is also a measure of social progress. So itâ€™s crucial to look at key challenges and opportunities in these sectors and build on them.

Malala Yousafzai to Receive 2014 Nobel Peace PrizeHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","description":"Meet the Great Dane puppies being raised at the Service Dog Project. Located in Ipswich, Massachusetts","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Tempted to buy energy stocks Not yet: Protempted to buy energy stocks not yet: pro
Brands That Build IndiaKunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management is upbeat on the PSU banking space and would be a buyer in them.  He thinks there is more value in PSU banks than private sector banks....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Maruti to supply 4 141 Gypsy SUVs to Indian ArmyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti to supply 4,141 Gypsy SUVs to Indian Army
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 10:  
Maruti Suzuki India has got an order from the Indian Army to supply 4,141 units of its sports utility vehicle Gypsy.
“The company has received an order for supply of 4,141 Gypsy vehicles from the Indian Army in the ordinary course of business,” Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a filing to the BSE.
Over the last 30 years or so, the company, from time to time, has been supplying Gypsy to the Army and other para security forces, it added.
The company, however, did not disclose the financial details of the order.
MSI, which sells various popular models in the country including the Swift and DZire, markets about 12 lakh vehicles per annum with a turnover close to Rs 45,000 crore.
“Keeping in view such a large scale of operations of the company, this particular order is around 0.34 per cent of the total number of vehicles sold by the company in a year,” MSI said.
The latest order came after almost a two-year gap due to the austerity drive initiated by the government in mid-2012.
Sales of Gypsy, which has 1,298 cc petrol engine, has been limited for civilian use in recent years.
A little over 90 per cent of the sales have been to the security forces in recent years.
Maruti Suzuki shares closed at Rs 3,321.05 apiece, down 0.34 per cent, on the BSE.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

RBI purchases $2.7 b in spot market in OctoberRBI purchases $2.7 b in spot market in October
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 10:  
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has purchased $ 2.7 billion (on a net basis) in the spot market in October, according to data released in its monthly bulletin. The bank had purchased $1.43 billion in September.
The RBI had also added net purchases of $1.8 billion in the forwards market taking its total outstanding forward purchase at the end of October to $ 10.217 billion.
The RBI has been using forex inflows to steadily build its reserves position also. Forex reserves are currently at $ 316 billion. The RBI has added about $ 12 billion to the reserves in the first six months of the fiscal.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

NCDEX to launch fixed price contract in tur and uradNCDEX to launch fixed price contract in tur and urad
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:32 PM IST
National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange (NCDEX), the country’s second largest commodity derivatives trading platform, plans to soon introduce fixed price contracts in tur and urad.
The exchange had sought permission to launch forward contracts in tur and urad, in addition to a number of other agricultural commodities. These included yellow soybean meal, pepper, yellow peas, refined bleached and diodised (RBD) palmolein and bajra. However, the  Forward Markets Commission (FMC) wouldn’t allow these.
“It may not be prudent to allow TSD (Transferable Specific Delivery) and NTSD (Non-transferable Specific Delivery) forwards with reference price in urad, tur and other such commodities until the exchange launches/ succeeds in generating liquidity in futures contracts of these commodities,” Usha Prahlad Pol, Director of FMC, said in a communication to NCDEX.
On the other hand, the regulator asked NCDEX to send a separate proposal for TSD and NTSD with fixed prices in these commodities if the exchange so desired.
“Exchange traded forwards are an extremely beneficial tool for market participants and in the absence of a vibrant futures market in commodities like urad, tur, yellow soybean meal, pepper, yellow peas, RBD palmolein and bajra, we will soon be requesting FMC for permission to launch fixed price contracts in such commodities,” said Jayant Nalawade, chief (operations and compliance), NCDEX.
A forward contract is a type of non-standardised contract between two parties to buy or sell commodities at a specified future time and price agreed today.
FMC granted NCDEX permission to introduce forward contracts in 17 commodities on Tuesday. The exchange had earlier launched such contracts in sugar and maize.
Forward trading allows traders to buy on the forward platform and sell downstream, while simultaneously hedging their price risk on the futures platform.
“The exchange, being the first tier of regulation, shall ensure that there is no unhealthy speculative trading in the market, which may result in cornering or artificial rigging up or down the prices by particular class of members. If trading in the above mentioned deliveries results in excessive/unhealthy speculation, the commission will intervene and impose stern measures to deal with the situation, and if the situation so warrants, revoke the permission granted to any or all the contracts,” the FMC note said.
The exchange should ensure the quality of commodities comply with the regulations laid down by the other authorities such as the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India, AGMARK and Bureau of Indian Standard, it added.

M&M said to be in talks to buy stake in Swedish firm (sending table)M&M said to be in talks to buy stake in Swedish firm
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 11, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Anand Mahindra-controlled automobile major Mahindra & Mahindra, the market leader in the sports utility vehicle (SUV) segment, is planning to purchase a stake in National Electric Vehicle Sweden AB (NEVS), the holding company that bought assets of Saab Automobile two years ago, show documents filed in a local Swedish court.
NEVS, which earlier ran into financial difficulties, signed a term sheet with M&M two weeks ago to begin intense negotiations. Mumbai-based M&M is one of the two companies (both Asian) that have evinced interest in NEVS; the other one is believed to be a company of Chinese origin.
A document filed in court by a NEVS creditor had mentioned M&M as the automaker that was about to buy a stake in the Swedish company, said a Dow Jones report.
Approached for a response, a spokesperson for M&M said in an email: “We would not offer any comments on the issue.”
Last week, NEVS petitioned a local Swedish court to extend a period of creditor protection, granted earlier this year, saying its talks with potential investors were close to completion. The Swedish company, owned by National Modern Energy Holdings, a Chinese-Japanese energy company with headquarters in Hong Kong, filed for bankruptcy in August this year.
This is not the first time that M&M has shown interest in acquiring a financially stressed company. In the past seven years, the company has made unsuccessful bids to acquire renowned brands like Aston Martin, Jaguar-Land Rover, Saab and Ducati. Those talks either collapsed midway over valuation issues or other bidders tendered higher offers.
Mahindra’s first big acquisition came in 2010, when it acquired a controlling stake in South Korea’s little-known troubled SUV maker, SsangYong Motor Company, for Rs 2,100 crore. Though joint product operations and efforts at improving synergies between the two companies have accelerated in the past few years, the foreign company is yet to return to profits.
Similarly, Mahindra Two Wheelers, the loss-making two-wheeler subsidiary of M&M, bought a controlling stake in Peugeot Motorcycles (PMTC), a scooter company owned by France’s PSA Peugeot Citroen. Like SsangYong, Peugeot has also been in a financial mess, failing to generate profits in a decade. PMTC was declared a drag and burden on the group by chief executive Carlos Tavares.
Closer home, the group’s strategy was the same when it acquired business assets of now-defunct Kinetic Motor Company to mark its foray in the two-wheeler space, in 2008. Rising debt and falling demand stymied growth of Kinetic, which was struggling to stay afloat.
The company’s auto component division, Mahindra Systech, was on an acquisition spree since 2005, buying eight companies — six of those located outside India. Last year, M&M entered into a share-swap arrangement with Spain’s CIE to cede control of Mahindra Systech.
V G Ramakrishnan, managing director (South Asia), Frost & Sullivan, said: “They have been doing value hunting wisely to get the best price for their targets, which would otherwise be overpriced. They have acquired troubled companies and turned those around successfully. This strategy has paid them rich dividends.”
NEVS has milder expertise in building electric sedans which appears to be a strategic fit for M&M. The Swedish company has retrofitted the regular Saab 9-3 sedan with a battery pack and electric drive components procured from China. M&M had entered the electric vehicle space a few years ago, with its acquisition of Reva Electric Car Company. The Mumbai-based company has ambitious plans to expand its footprint in this category with at least three launches in a year.

RIL s earnings to grow 16% CAGR over FY14-17RIL's earnings to grow 16% CAGR over FY14-17
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 09:36 PM IST
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) is definitely a company to watch in 2015.
The company is expected to roll out its fourth generation (4G) broadband services.
Second, though crude oil prices have been declining steadily, the Street is not concerned about the margins of complex refiners like RIL. In fact, analysts are building in an earnings growth in the coming years, as the company’s capacity expansion across businesses will be complete and the  margins are headed for a cyclical improvement.
RIL’s margins are also set to see a cyclical pick-up, as demand for petrochemical products improves globally. With incremental gas output and a plan to monetise the retail venture, returns could be higher from the stock.
Axis Capital expects a 16 per cent earnings CAGR (compound annual growth rate) over FY14-17, led by new capacities, firm cyclical margins and incremental gas production.
Though crude oil is expected to remain weak in 2015, the company’s gross refining margins are expected to improve from current levels, as it has put in place a sourcing strategy and  global refining capacity additions are expected to match demand growth. Also, the light-heavy crude differential is expected to benefit complex refiners like Reliance.
Kotak Institutional Equities expects complex refining margins to remain firm at mid-cycle levels, as 2.5 million barrels per day of incremental global oil demand in calender year 2015-16 will be largely offset by two million barrels per day of net additions to refining capacity and 0.5 million barrels per day of increase in Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries’ natural gas liquids supply.
Also, polymer margins are expected to rebound over the next two years, as global cracking utilisation is expected to increase as capacity additions (3.7 per cent CAGR) are expected to lag demand growth (4.7 per cent).
Not all analysts believe in this theory. Some believe the capacity additions will outstrip demand growth and a fall in cotton prices would impact polyester players.
Analysts have factored in the losses emanating from the rollout of Reliance Jio services later next year. High fixed costs would also result in higher amortisation and depreciation costs.
Kotak is factoring in Rs 3,500-4,500 crore as charges from both and Rs 2,000-2,500 crore as interest costs over FY16-17. Despite the overhang of the telecom venture, analysts believe the stock is trading at 11 times its FY16 standalone earnings, cheaper than the Sensex, which is trading at 16 times.

Orion: a prelude to deep space travelspace programme
NASA’s unmanned Orion space capsule splashed down in the Pacific Ocean off Baja California on Friday following its first flight test, the U.S. space agency said.
NASA had to postpone an initial launch on Thursday after a boat entered the launch area, strong winds forced automatic aborts, and two valves failed to close properly. Friday’s launch went smoothly, and cameras mounted on the rocket beamed back stunning pictures of the Earth as Orion blasted into the sky.
The mission could have huge implications, despite its brief four-and-a-half-hour duration. Orion will fly farther than any spacecraft made for astronauts has in decades, about 5,800 km above the Earth’s surface, and is a test case for a capsule that NASA hopes will one day land on Mars.
As its second orbit comes closer to the planet, the Orion capsule will separate and re-enter the atmosphere, eventually splashing down into the Pacific off the coast of southern California, from where it will be recovered. The mission will test how Orion fares in the extreme conditions of space travel.
NASA has designed the capsule to take up to six astronauts into deep space, and its 16ft-wide heat shield and sophisticated service module are among the features whose durability will be inspected upon return.
The capsule must not only survive launch and orbit, but temperatures of about 2,200C as it returns through Earth’s atmosphere. NASA will also test an emergency abort function developed to save astronauts in the event of a malfunction during launch.
NASA has planned a second unmanned flight for 2018, and a manned mission to travel around the moon for the 2020s. Eventually, the agency hopes to send astronauts on an Orion mission through deep space to an asteroid and Mars in the 2030s.— © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Portal on farmers loan status detailsUpdated: December 8, 2014 10:15 IST
Portal on farmers’ loan status details
The Hindu
A screenshot of the loan status portal.
The beneficiaries of the crop loan debt redemption scheme could obtain online the details of their loan status by logging in to a portal created by Andhra Pradesh Government. The farmers’ families covered by the first phase could get the loan status details by furnishing information like Aadhar card, Ration card and Loan no by logging in to http://apcbsportal.ap.gov.in/loanstatus .
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Ringing in New Year 2015
People across cities and towns in both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana celebrated New Year-eve with enthusiasm greeting each other at the stroke of 12 midnight and continued to party beyond that too. Bollywood stars, singers, TV personalities and others entertained the audience at several clubs and hotels. The Hindu photographers captured the mood in these pictures.
Seventh heaven under banyan tree
The 10th anniversary celebrations of German centre Goethe Zentrum had the right ambiance at Hermitage Complex at Hill Fort Road in Hyderabad, with seven performers and artists set for their performance for the day. Jaywant Naidu (Hawaiian guitar), Shaukat Khan (saxophone), Gafoor Khan (khartaal), Birbal Khan (dholak), Sawan Kakkeri (tabla), Pavan Kumar (rhythms) and Srikant Dhunde (painting) enthralled the audience under a beautifully-lit banyan tree. Adding more magic to the evening, a man, sporting a white blazer, rose from the audience with a saxaphone and lent his own musical notes even as the painter started splashing seven colours on the canvas. Photographs: K. Ramesh Babu.

British Comedian Lists Los Angeles Homebritish comedian lists los angeles home
Marathons and male egos: Pretty much the result youd expectBy Lenny Bernstein December 9, 2014 Follow @LennyMBernstein
A runner guts out the final hill of the 2014 Marine Corps Marathon. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Any woman who has watched a man destroy some expensive plumbing after insisting he knows just what he's doing won't  be terribly shocked at a recent comparison between male and female marathon runners.
It turns out that men have inflated opinions of the speed at which they're going to complete a 26.2-mile run, and they pay for it dearly toward the end of that effort. Women, on the other hand, tend to be more realistic about the task, which works to their benefit.
We know this because a Danish fellow named Jens Jakob Andersen looked at the results for more than 1.8 million marathons worldwide. When he examined the finishing times of the 1.42 million entrants identified by gender, Andersen realized that while both sexes slow down toward the end of marathons, men slow down a lot more.
"Although men are faster marathon runners than women (due to genetics), they are not the smartest," Andersen wrote in his assessment of the numbers. "Women are 18.63 percent better at pacing."
Andersen, who lives in Copenhagen, founded runrepeat.com , which compares various brands of running shoes and is dedicated to helping runners enjoy the sport more by becoming better at it. When I called him, he was pretty blunt about his theory of the male-female marathon divide.
"I think it happens because we men tend to have an unrealistic idea of how good we are," he said. "It applies to everything. Look into a mirror for men, and it'll be, 'I'm super fit and and strong.' And for women it'll be, 'Oh, I'm too fat.' "
So male marathoners, confident that they've trained well, launch themselves off the start line way too fast and crash harder in the final 6.2 miles, after they hit the dreaded "wall." Women aren't perfect — it is, after all, quite difficult to run a consistent pace for an entire marathon without help from a pacer, or unless you are a top marathoner — but they're less confident and more cautious than men, Andersen believes.
"Women are less risk-taking than men," he said.
When it comes to age and pacing, Andersen's numbers show that the oldest (70 or older) and youngest (0-19) runners are the least adept at pacing.
As for improving: Andersen, echoing the advice of many running coaches, recommends that runners seeking to hold a pace start slowly, use a heart rate monitor and train more at the pace they intend to run. Succeeding should shave some time off your result and make those awful last 6.2 miles a bit more bearable.
"It would make running more fun because you would have more success, and more success makes you run more, [which] makes you a healthier nation," he said.
Also: H/t to Marlene Cimons, who finished the Oct. 26 Marine Corps Marathon at the age of 69, and writes about it in today's Post.
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.

Tata Housing to Sell Homes at Google s Online Shopping FestWipro Seeks Members' Nod to Reduce Share Capital
New Delhi: Aiming to tap the e-commerce market, Tata Housing will sell a luxury residential project, being developed in Bangalore at a cost of Rs 150 crore, exclusively during Google's online shopping festival starting Wednesday.
The company will construct 75 independent homes and row housing in this 5-acre project. The price of each unit starts from Rs 3.5 crore.
Tata Housing said in a statement that it would "participate in the Google's Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), being held from 10-12 December, by launching an exclusive ultra-luxury project - The Cascades".
Besides this project, the company would also sell housing units of seven other projects across India. It is offering schemes and instant appreciation of prices in these projects.
Consumers can buy homes by paying a booking amount of Rs 50,000 only for all projects and they would get an instant appreciation of up to 15 per cent, Tata Housing said.
"We received a phenomenal response through our pioneering initiative of online sales of real Estate through our partnership with google last year," said Brotin Banerjee, managing director and CEO of Tata Housing, the real estate arm of Tata group.
Stating that online home buying is an emerging platform, he said the company is offering properties ranging from the affordable to the ultra-luxury segment.
In a separate statement, Tata Housing subsidiary Tata Value Homes said it would sell apartments in Boisar near Mumbai exclusively during this festival at a starting price of Rs 16 lakh. Interested customers can express their interest to book by paying Rs 20,000 online.
Tata Value Homes would also offer special one day price for apartments in its other projects across Ahmedabad, Pune, Chennai and Bengaluru starting Rs 32 lakh.
Story first published on: December 09, 2014 22:09 (IST)

Kohl s to keep stores open 100+ hours starting Dec. 19Kohl's to keep stores open 100+ hours starting Dec. 19
A Kohl's Department store is shown in Encinitas, California
Mike Blake
A Kohl's Department store is shown in Encinitas, California October 28, 2014.
A Kohl's Department store is shown in Encinitas, California October 28, 2014. (Mike Blake)
The 100 hours of Christmas: Kohl's set for marathon
For those midnight dress cravings — and last minute Christmas shopping — Kohl's has your back.

Adviser to municipal investment fund accused of negligenceAdviser to municipal investment fund accused of negligence
By Ameet Sachdev Chicago Tribune
IMET adviser hit with negligence suit over investment in fraudulent loans.
Lawsuit claims adviser had concerns about loans before investments were made.
An investment in government-backed loans that burned an Illinois fund that manages taxpayer money was sold to clients as "essentially risk-free," according to a lawsuit filed in a federal court in Texas.
The suit is the first legal action against Pennant Management, the Milwaukee-based investment adviser that recommended the loans to institutional clients, including the Oak Brook-based Illinois Metropolitan Investment Fund, banks and retirement plans.
Pennant's clients have lost nearly $180 million because the loans are allegedly fraudulent. Pennant has blamed the Florida lender who sold the loans for the losses, but one of its clients has raised questions about Pennant's conduct.
An Oak Brook investment pool, which recently disclosed a $50 million trading loss involving taxpayer money, didn't follow the same safeguards to minimize risk as similar funds in Illinois and around the country, the Tribune has found. ( Ameet Sachdev )
The civil suit was brought in October by the retirement plan of American Excelsior Co., a manufacturer based in Arlington, Texas. A key allegation is that Pennant had suspicions about the loans but failed to disclose them to the plan's administrators before the investment was made. The suit accuses Pennant and its affiliated companies of breach of fiduciary duty, negligence and misrepresentation.
American Excelsior's retirement plan claims it lost about $2.7 million, or 20 percent of its value, because of the investment in the government-backed loans. About 180 participants were in the plan.
Pennant has denied the allegations in court papers. Mark Elste, Pennant's chief executive officer, declined further comment.
Elste founded Pennant in 1992; it is a registered investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In 2004, Pennant became a subsidiary of U.S. Fiduciary Services, a financial services company based in suburban Lisle. U.S. Fiduciary also is the parent company of GreatBanc Trust and Salem Trust, which are also defendants in the suit brought by American Excelsior's retirement plan.
Officials at GreatBanc and Salem did not return messages seeking comment.
In a brochure filed with the SEC, Pennant says its runs an investment vehicle known as a repurchase agreement, or repo. Repos are contractual arrangements in which an investor buys assets from a bank, securities dealer or other entity. The seller agrees to buy the asset back on a prearranged date, sometimes the next day, at the same price plus interest. In effect, the investor is lending cash and holding assets as collateral.
Repos are considered relatively safe investments because they are secured by collateral.
In Pennant's overnight repo program, loans backed by the Department of Agriculture or the Small Business Administration were the collateral, according to the brochure. The federal agencies oversee guaranteed-loan programs designed for business owners who may have trouble qualifying for traditional bank loans. The guarantee represents the portion of the loan the SBA or USDA will repay to the lender if a borrower defaults on the loan payments.
Starting in 2013, Pennant began acquiring loans from Orlando-based First Farmers Financial, which said the loans were guaranteed by the USDA. In all, Pennant bought 26 loans from First Farmers totaling nearly $180 million, according to court papers.
According to a federal criminal complaint, First Farmers fabricated the USDA guarantees. Pennant also came to believe that the borrowers for the 26 loans do not exist, according to a suit Pennant filed against First Farmers. Federal authorities arrested First Farmer's CEO, Nikesh Patel, at the end of September and he has been released on bond.
Pennant has declined to name the clients it steered into the First Farmers' repo, but some have had to publicly disclose their losses. Harvard Illinois Bancorp in the northwest suburbs invested $18.1 million in the repo and because of the loss the community bank is evaluating its strategic options, including a sale.
0
Another bank, Blackhawk Bancorp in Beloit, Wis., recorded a $2.6 million charge in the third quarter on its $5.5 million investment in the First Farmers repo. The UW Credit Union in Madison, Wis., took a $13.1 million charge because of the alleged fraud.
The Illinois Metropolitan Investment Fund, or IMET, is one of the biggest losers. It had $50.4 million invested, and the loss has rippled across the state.
IMET runs an investment pool on behalf of almost 300 municipalities, public pension funds and other public entities in Illinois. The entire loss on the First Farmers repo involved public funds. Municipalities and public agencies invest operating funds with IMET and have had a portion of the investments frozen as IMET and Pennant seek to recover money from Patel.
American Excelsior has been around since 1888, according to its website. It makes packaging materials and foams; one of its factories is in northwest Wisconsin. Company officials and their lawyers declined comment on the suit.
In the 1970s, the company set up an employee stock ownership plan to allow workers to buy ownership interests in the company, according to the complaint. In 2005, GreatBanc became the ESOP's trustee.
In June, the ESOP sold the company's stock. The intent of the sale was to transfer the cash into the individual participants' 401(k) accounts. The transfer was scheduled to occur in October.
On Sept. 18, GreatBanc directed the ESOP to invest all of its cash, $13.6 million, into a short-term investment fund managed by its sister company, Salem Trust. Pennant serves as an adviser to Salem, according to its SEC disclosure.
On the advice of Pennant, Salem invested about $16 million in the First Farmers repo, about 20 percent of the short-term fund, according to the suit.
According to the suit, "as acknowledged by Pennant, clients invest in Pennant sponsored funds 'because the obligations are guaranteed by the Full Faith and Credit of the United States of America and are viewed by them as essentially risk-free.'"
Before Sept. 18, however, Pennant was investigating "inconsistencies" in the First Farmers loans, the complaint said, a fact Pennant acknowledged in its response to the suit.
The ESOP's complaint said GreatBanc recommended the investment in the Salem short-term fund by email on Sept. 16 and by phone on Sept. 17, despite Pennant's knowledge of irregularities in the First Farmer loans.
Pennant, GreatBanc and Salem concealed the irregularities with the loans and didn't delay the ESOP's investment until the irregularities were resolved, the complaint said. The defendants denied the allegation in court papers and said the ESOP agreed to invest in the Salem short-term fund.
Pennant also admits in court papers that on Sept. 18, the USDA informed the Milwaukee firm that certain First Farmers loans were not recorded in the agency's program. The USDA provided the information after the ESOP invested in the Salem short-term fund the same day, Pennant said in court papers.
On Sept. 30, less than two weeks after the ESOP investment, GreatBanc told the retirement plan that the Salem fund had been frozen due to concerns about the First Farmers loans.
"There is no excuse for defendants' conduct in allowing the AEC ESOP Trust Fund to be put at risk," the complaint said. "Defendants participated or acquiesced in investment decisions that resulted in great financial risk and harm to the AEC ESOP and the participants."

US stocks: Dow  S&P 500 edge down on global worries; Nasdaq climbsMercedes- Benz posts record sales in India during 2014
The Dow and S&P 500 fell on Tuesday following concerns about global weakness and political turmoil, while the Nasdaq edged higher along with tech shares and energy.
All three indexes pared losses after midday, with the S&P 500 cutting its decline in half. Apple shares were up 0.5 percent and among the biggest boosts to the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. Advancing issues now outnumber declining ones on the NYSE by 1,654 to 1,416, for a 1.17-to-1 ratio.
Small-cap stocks also bounced, with the Russell 2000 index last up 1.4 percent.
“The market in general is digesting a very big move since its October 15 low,” said Adam Sarhan, chief executive of Sarhan Capital in New York. “Less than two moths ago we were flat for the year, so investors are very hypersensitive to potential downdrafts in the market at this stage in the game.”
Brent crude rebounded to climb 0.9 percent after it touched a fresh five-year low of $65.29. Oil prices have been under pressure as the dollar strengthened and OPEC decided against an output cut, with Brent down more than 40 percent from its June high. The S&P energy index was up 0.5 percent after losing 3.9 percent on Monday.
U.S. telecom stocks led losses on the S&P 500 following concerns about an industry price war after Verizon Communications warned that promotions in its wireless business would bite into its fourth-quarter profit. The S&P telecom index was down 3.2 percent while Verizon shares were down 4.2 percent, the biggest drag on both the Dow and S&P 500.
At 2:53 p.m., the Dow Jones industrial average fell 91.58 points, or 0.51 percent, to 17,760.9, the S&P 500 lost 7.22 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,053.09 and the Nasdaq Composite added 8.73 points, or 0.18 percent, to 4,749.42.
Greece unnerved investors after the government brought a presidential vote forward in a political gamble that raised uncertainty over the country’s transition out of its bailout.
Adding to the cautious tone was uncertainty over whether the U.S. Federal Reserve will change its pledge to keep rates near zero for a “considerable time” when policymakers meet next week.
After its seventh straight weekly gain, the S&P 500 is up 9.5 percent from its October low, but down 1.7 percent in the past two sessions.
The S&P 500 was posting 28 new 52-week highs and 16 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 74 new highs and 146 new lows.
Post Comments
More from industry

Amazon Workers Won t Be Paid For Time Spent Waiting For Security ChecksU.S. Top Court Rules No Worker Pay For Security Screening
Reuters
(Adds reaction from plaintiffs' lawyer and Amazon, paragraphs  4-5)
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON, Dec 9 (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on  Tuesday handed a victory to employers over worker compensation,  ruling that companies do not have to pay employees for the time  they spend undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts  in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc warehousing  contractor.
The court decided by a 9-0 vote that employees of Integrity  Staffing Solutions facilities in Nevada, where Amazon  merchandise is processed and shipped, cannot claim compensation  for time spent undergoing screening - up to half an hour a day,  according to the workers - aimed at protecting against theft.
The ruling is likely to benefit other companies facing  similar lawsuits including Amazon, CVS Health Corp and  Apple Inc, according to Integrity's lawyers. The cases  against Amazon, Integrity and other staffing companies affect up  to 400,000 workers, with plaintiffs claiming hundreds of  millions of dollars in damages, according to court filings.
Amazon spokeswoman Kelly Cheeseman said the allegations in  the Integrity case of a lengthy security screening process were  "simply not true." She added that Amazon's screening process is   designed to take 90 seconds per employee at its facilities.
Mark Thierman, an attorney for the plaintiffs, said the  ruling leaves thousands of workers "short-changed a half hour  per day." Many workers will still be able to pursue similar  claims under state law, Thierman added.
Justice Clarence Thomas wrote on behalf of the court that  the screening process is not a "principal activity" of the  workers' jobs under a law called the Fair Labor Standards Act  and therefore is not subject to compensation.
For workers to be paid, the activity in question must be "an  intrinsic element" of the job and "one with which the employee  cannot dispense if he is to perform his principal activities,"  Thomas wrote.
The high court reversed an April 2013 ruling by the 9th U.S.  Circuit Court of Appeals, which had found that the screenings  were an integral part of the warehousing job done for the  benefit of the employer and should be compensated.
Employees had sued Integrity Staffing Solutions for back  wages and overtime pay, saying they should have been compensated  for time spent in security screenings.
Amazon, the world's largest online retailer, is not directly  involved in the case. A business group called the Retail  Litigation Center, in a brief supporting the warehousing  company, said the industry in general loses $16 billion annually  in thefts.
The case is Integrity Staffing Solutions, Inc v. Jesse Busk  and Laurie Castro, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 13-433.     (Additional reporting by Deepa Seetharaman; Editing by Will  Dunham)
Also on HuffPost:

Clarence Thomas Suggests Workers Should UnionizeJustice Clarence Thomas Suggests Amazon Warehouse Workers Should Unionize
Posted:
Updated:
10/12/2014 04:29 IST
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas pauses while speaking about his time as a student at College of the Holy Cross after receiving an honorary degree from the college, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2012, in Worcester, Mass. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
Email
Comment
On Tuesday, the U.S. Supreme Court came down unanimously against a group of temporary workers in Amazon warehouses. The workers were required to undergo mandatory, unpaid theft screenings once their shifts ended, and their case, Integrity Staffing Solutions v. Busk, focused on whether they should be compensated for that time.
In the end, even the court's liberal justices didn't believe the workers deserved pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act, the federal statute that sets minimum wage and overtime law. The theft screenings, the justices concluded, were not "integral and indispensable" to the work the employees performed (i.e., running around fetching Amazon items for shipment) and therefore were not compensable under the law -- even if the workers had no choice in the matter.
The ruling is a huge disappointment for workers such as Jesse Busk, a lead plaintiff in the case who told HuffPost last year that he regularly waited up to 25 minutes for his screening before he could go home. Busk earned around $12 per hour.
Addressing the workers' arguments, the court's opinion , delivered by conservative Justice Clarence Thomas, included this curious line:
"These arguments are properly presented to the employer at the bargaining table … not to a court in an FLSA claim."
It's not clear whether the irony was intended. Amazon's U.S. warehouses, of course, are entirely non-union . Workers, therefore, have no bargaining table at which to sit, a fact noted Tuesday by the National Employment Law Project, an advocacy group for low-wage workers.
Amazon, notably, was not named in the Busk lawsuit, even though the case was all about the online retailer's warehouse policies. That's because the workers in question were technically employed by a labor supply firm, Integrity, which staffs Amazon warehouses with a seemingly endless procession of temps . Nevermind bargaining over conditions -- these workers don't even know if they'll still have jobs next week.
The high turnover, the precariousness and the subcontracting arrangement all create significant hurdles to unionizing such warehouses. But as Thomas suggests, it may be the only way for employees such as Busk to change their working conditions.
Also on HuffPost:

SP 500 erases early losses to end flat; energy  tech upDec 10, 2014, 07.36 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
S&P 500 erases early losses to end flat; energy, tech up
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.28 points, or 0.29 percent, to 17,801.2, the S&P 500 lost 0.49 points, or 0.02 percent, to 2,059.82 and the Nasdaq Composite added 25.77 points, or 0.54 percent, to 4,766.47.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S&P 500 erases early losses to end flat; energy, tech up
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.28 points, or 0.29 percent, to 17,801.2, the S&P 500 lost 0.49 points, or 0.02 percent, to 2,059.82 and the Nasdaq Composite added 25.77 points, or 0.54 percent, to 4,766.47.
Post your opinion here
 
The S&P 500 ended nearly flat on Tuesday as concerns about global weakness and political turmoil were offset by gains in technology and energy shares.
The index managed to nearly erase a 1.3 percent decline from earlier in the day, moving more than 26 points to its high of the day from its low.
Energy and technology shares boosted the market and the Nasdaq ended the day higher. Apple shares climbed 1.5 percent to USD 114.12, giving the Nasdaq and S&P 500 their biggest boost. Small-cap stocks also bounced, with the Russell 2000 index gaining 1.8 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the New York Stock Exchange by a ratio of 1.53 to 1. Still, the number of NYSE stocks making new 52-week lows was 255, compared with just 117 new highs.
"The market in general is digesting a very big move since its October 15 low," said Adam Sarhan, chief executive of Sarhan Capital in New York. "Less than two months ago we were flat for the year, so investors are hypersensitive to potential downdrafts in the market at this stage in the game."
Greece unnerved investors after the government brought a presidential vote forward in a political gamble that raised uncertainty over the country's transition out of its bailout.
Brent crude LCOc1 rebounded to settle up 1 percent after hitting a fresh five-year low of USD 65.29. Oil prices have been under pressure as the dollar strengthened and OPEC decided against an output cut, with Brent down more than 40 percent from its June high.
The S&P energy index ended up 0.9 percent after losing 3.9 percent on Monday.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 51.28 points, or 0.29 percent, to 17,801.2, the S&P 500 lost 0.49 points, or 0.02 percent, to 2,059.82 and the Nasdaq Composite added 25.77 points, or 0.54 percent, to 4,766.47.
Adding to the cautious tone was uncertainty over whether the U.S. Federal Reserve will change its pledge to keep rates near zero for a "considerable time" when policymakers meet next week.
U.S. telecom stocks led losses on the S&P 500 and Dow on concerns about an industry price war. Verizon Communications warned that promotions in its wireless business would bite into its fourth-quarter profit.
The S&P telecom index lost 3.2 percent while Verizon shares fell 4 percent to USD 46.92.
About 7.3 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, above the 6.5 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The S&P 500 is up 10.6 percent from its October 15 close and is up 11.4 percent for the year so far.
U.S.-listed shares of Seadrill gained 5.2 percent to USD 12.17. John Fredriksen, the biggest owner of the offshore driller, purchased another 1.3 million shares in the firm to raise his stake to 24.15 percent.
After the bell, shares of Yum Brands fell 4.6 percent to USD 71.80 following its forecast for next year.
RELATED NEWS

Smart way to follow the Music SeasonUpdated: December 4, 2014 12:44 IST
Music & Dance
Smart way to follow the Music Season
SRIRAM V.
Schedules - Sabhas, artists, dates and events - are now at your fingertips, writes Sriram V.
The December Music Season currently features over 65 organisations and around 1,000 artists.
Given this vast number, aides to concert and performance schedules are invaluable.
The December Music Season now has a mobile app that helps rasikas to track the schedules of their favourite artists.
The app, titled Music Season, is available on Android and Apple Play Stores. Developed by Broadgate Technical Services Pvt. Limited, the app is sponsored by Shriram Properties, the real estate entity of the Shriram Group of Companies.
It helps in searching for schedules by Sabha, by artist, by date and by type of event.
Season reckoners are, of course, not new; we have had plenty of booklets of which perhaps Kannan’s Season Guide is the best known.
There are several web sites that give the information. But given the current era of smart phones, this app is perhaps what is required, with information literally at the audience’s fingertips.
The app allows users to tweet schedules and post them on Facebook. In addition, reminders can be set for the date of a particular concert.
The schedule of around 20 prominent Sabhas is already up on the app and more are to follow. Also on is an effort to give the profiles of the artists who are performing during the Season.

SKS Microfinance Gains; UBS Starts at  BuyL&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
SKS Microfinance rose as much as 4.7 per cent on Wednesday after UBS initiated stock with a "buy" rating and price target of Rs 500.
Non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, UBS said. UBS expects earnings of the company in FY15-17 to grow at a CAGR of 66 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bharti Airtel Gains 2%; Telecom Tribunal Sets Aside Rs 650 Cr FineYou are here: Home Market
Bharti Airtel Gains 2%; Telecom Tribunal Sets Aside Rs 650 Crore Fine
NDTV | Updated On: December 10, 2014 16:14 (IST)
L&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
Shares in Bharti Airtel gained over 2 per cent to a day high of Rs 361.65 on Tuesday. ( Track Stocks )
The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside a penalty of Rs 650 crore imposed on the company by the Department of Telecommunication (DOT) in a roaming case.
The DoT had issued demand notice of Rs 650 crore to Airtel in July and August 2013.
The DoT had found Bharti Airtel routing national and international calls as local calls (SLD) under a scheme till 2005 despite being told to stop it in 2003, and that it caused loss to the government exchequer and state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) across 13 service areas.
The telecom tribunal, TDSAT said there was no loss to state-run BSNL due to the services offered by Airtel and Vodafone, Press Trust of India said.
Shares in Bharti Airtel ended 0.21 per cent lower at Rs 353.40 apiece, underperforming the broader Nifty, which ended 0.18 per cent higher.
(With inputs from PTI)
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 16:14 (IST)

the CIA Torture ReportMegan Murphy | Dec 09 2014 15:56 | Comments | Share
Share this on

Jewellery Makers Gain on Reports of Likely Changes in Import RulesYou are here: Home Market
Jewellery Makers Gain on Reports of Likely Changes in Gold Import Rules
NDTV | Updated On: December 10, 2014 11:11 (IST)
L&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
Shares in Jewellery makers gained on Wednesday on reports that the government may change gold-import rules for trading houses.
Gitanjali Gems gained over 8 per cent, Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri was up nearly 4 per cent while PC Jeweller, Rajesh Exports and Titan Company were trading between 1 to 3 per cent higher.
A Reuters report said that government will announce changes to a rule mandating trading houses export 100 per cent of their gold imports.
The government could also announce changes to rules imposed last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins, the report added.
In a surprise move last month the government had scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country, known as the 80:20 rule.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Jindal Steel Up on Hopes Coal Block Bidding May Help IncumbentsYou are here: Home Market
Jindal Steel Up on Hopes Coal Block Bidding May Help Incumbents
Reuters | Updated On: December 10, 2014 11:12 (IST)
L&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
Jindal Steel and Power gained 3.4 per cent on Wednesday. ICICI Securities says it hosted a roadshow for the company in UK.
The company was represented by group CEO Ravi Uppal and head of investor relations D.Balasubramanyam, the broker added.
While acknowledging competition, JSPL expects itself to be favourably disposed under the technical parameters, the note added.
The coal ministry in November unveiled draft rules for auction of 204 coal blocks cancelled by top court earlier.
The process is expected to be complete by March 2015, the broker note said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

This ride had to stop: Uber banned  stop outragingprint
Uber cabs were banned in Delhi after the arrest of one of its drivers for rape. (HT Photo/Sunil Saxena)
It has been two days since Delhi banned Uber and other web-based cab aggregators and the Centre sent out an advisory to all states, saying such transport companies that aren't really transport companies should be taken off the roads.
It has also been 24 hours since the social media went full tilt on condemning the move -Twitterati called the move spineless, knee-jerk and ill-thought out. Criticism of the move almost surpassed that of the original crime with even mainstream newspapers devoting column space on whether the ban is justified.
Among all this middle-class outrage, it was conveniently forgotten that everyone's favourite cab company had flouted the rules of the land-howsoever outdated they might have been. The justification offered was banning Uber won't get rid of rapes that occurred in buses, ordinary cabs and trains across the country.
Let's look at the facts. Did Uber flout the laws of the land ? Yes. Is its business model specifically designed to work in the crevices of legal regulation in most countries? Yes. Has it faced similar problems in other countries, including the US and Europe? Yes. Is this claim of not being a transport company and hence not bound by transport regulations ludicrous? Yes.
That India's motor vehicles' regulations are antiquated and need overhaul is beyond doubt. That, however, cannot be spun as an invitation for a company to creatively dodge the rules. If yellow cabs are governed by a set of laws, the same should be applied to the rich man's cab.
No, this step might not make Delhi much safer for women - that goal still has a long way to go. But the ban will ensure that transport companies abide by rules enacted in a democratic set-up, debated among the representatives of the people and passed by the Parliament, even if it causes some discomfort to the Republic of south Delhi. A US-based company operating with no accountability to Indian laws and regulations is not good news.
Uber has run into trouble abroad for predatory trade practices - including surge pricing, under which the company doubles or triples fares in peak hours, bad traffic, or weather calamities. How? By squeezing out competition like all great corporate entities.  In a number of other European and American cities, including London and San Francisco, it is currently facing legal action. It has been banned in several others - like Thailand and Spain.
Did the government take all this into account while banning Uber? Probably not. But that still doesn't change the fact that the ride-sharing service deserved the ban, not least for its CEO's statement that put the onus of background checks on the government, saying India doesn't have transport regulations. Yes we do, sir, you just don't follow them.
For a company that markets itself as being safer, more tech-savvy and customer-friendly, to turn around and say we're not even a transport company is disingenuous. Worse is the argument that Uber isn't bad, rules are. If regulations are antiquated, lobby to change them and US corporate have no dearth of money or political muscle power to do that. But as long as they exist on the books, companies have to abide by them.
Every morning we are greeted with stories of how third-world governments bow down to global corporate entities - from changing telecom rules to making bidding processes irrelevant to bypassing legal structures altogether. An entire continent of Africa is being looted with the connivance of local leaders and MNC heads. For once, a country in the global south has stood up to big business and had made it clear that they won't be taken for a ride, almost literally. This isn't a cause to complain.
What, however, is a cause of worry is our new-found concern for all-encompassing solutions for rape. We really don't care if people are getting molested in cabs or buses or trains. If we did, we would worry about public transport all the time, not just when our favourite service is banned. What we are worried about is not having a comfortable taxi to go to the next party to.
Views expressed by the authour are personal
WATCH | Delhi rape: Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime
Read more:

India second most  up and coming  destination for expats: HSBCIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
India has been ranked as the second most ‘up and coming’ destination –the countries that are getting better as a place to live and work in– for expats after China, says an HSBC survey.
According to the Expat Explorer survey commissioned by HSBC Expat, emerging Asian economies are an attractive destination for challenge-seeking and adventurous expats, with 44 per cent of them saying they made the move for a new challenge.
“India is likely to develop its industrial sector to catch up on infrastructure development, which will happen with the help of overseas funding.
It’s natural to assume that the foreign funding will bring along foreign human expertise,” HSBC India Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management Sanjiv Sud said.
Indian economy is consistently growing above 5 per cent every year, and is expected to post a 7.3 per cent growth in 2016, according to HSBC.
Expats in China and in India are also the most confident and have a positive outlook on the local economy with 60 per cent of them sharing the feeling that their host country is getting better as a place to live and work, compared to the 32 per cent global average.
India attracts highly-skilled expats in the construction and engineering sector (19 per cent). Other sectors where expats in India are well represented are telecommunications and IT (21 per cent), and financial services (10 per cent).
The survey further said India has the third largest proportion of expatriates sent by companies for overseas assignments, after Brazil and Turkey,
According to the latest Expat Explorer survey, 26 per cent of expats working in India said they took the overseas assignment because they were sent by their company.
This proportion is the highest in Brazil at 37 per cent followed by Turkey at 29 per cent. The proportion of expats working on a company secondment is 24 per cent each in case of China and Mexico, the survey said.
“As the global economy re-balances towards emerging and faster-growing markets, there is a greater demand for highly skilled expats in these regions. Therefore, global corporates are sending more and more talented employees to run businesses in countries like India, Brazil and China,” Sud said.
The Expat Explorer survey is one of the largest global surveys of expats. This year, nearly 9,300 expats from around the world shared their views on quality of life, financial well being and the ease of raising a family abroad.
Post Comments
More from economy

Will study economic impact of new liquor policy  Kerala govt tells HCWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 11, 2014 2:04 am | Updated: December 11, 2014 2:10 am
Indicating that the Congress in Kerala is going back on its new liquor policy, the government on Wednesday informed the High Court that it wanted to conduct a study on the impact of the new policy. As the issue is getting protracted in the court, 300-odd bars now operating were allowed to function until January 20.
Advocate-General K P Dandapani told the court that the tourism and the labour secretarites have been asked to look into the impact of the new liquor policy on state’s tourism and labour sectors.
Last week, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had told the Assembly that the government would bring in necessary changes in the liquor policy after considering the legal and practical aspects.
This spurred the aggrieved bar owners, who had already challenged the new liquor policy in the court, to inform the high court that the government is planning to change its liquor policy. Subsequently, the High Court asked the government to inform what changes in the liquor policy were in the pipeline.
On Wednesday, the government informed the court it wanted to study the impact of the liquor policy. The Advocate-General said the impact study would be completed within three weeks.
The new liquor policy, which envisaged closure of all non-five star category bars immediately, and total prohibition in a decade, stemmed from a tussle of Congress state president V M Sudheeran’s idealism and Chief Minister Oommen Chandy’s pragmatism.
The liquor policy had suffered setbacks in the court several times. The High Court not only stayed the closure of bars, also asked the government to grant licence to new four-star applicants. The High Court had exempted the four-star hotels from the purview of new liquor policy, which planned the closure of that category of hotels.
Kerala’s tourism industry had complained the government about the new policy, in which Sundays have been declared dry days. The bar hotel owners had said the closure of hotels would lead to loss of job thousands of people.

Max India  Reliance Capital Surge on Breakthrough in Insurance BillYou are here: Home Market
Max India, Reliance Capital Surge on Breakthrough in Insurance Bill
NDTV | Updated On: December 10, 2014 16:10 (IST)
L&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
Shares in insurance service providers gained after the select panel on insurance recommended a composite cap of 49 per cent on foreign investment in insurance in a report tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008, proposes to increase foreign direct investment limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent from the existing 26 per cent.
Max India was the biggest gainer among insurance stocks, rising over 6 per cent, Reliance capital was up 4 per cent, while Exide Industries traded 2 per cent higher.
All these stocks outperformed the broader Sensex which ended 0.12 per cent higher on Wednesday.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Sensex Gains 34 Points  Nifty Closes Above 8 350; SBI Surges Over 3%You are here: Home Market
Nifty Regains 8,350 Mark; SBI Rises Over 2%
NDTV | Updated On: December 10, 2014 15:13 (IST)
L&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
Indian markets regained some momentum in the afternoon after consolidating in a narrow range for the first half of trade as bank stocks extended support. The Sensex rose over 100 points to a day high of 27,905, while the Nifty gained over 35 points to 8,377.
Bank shares witnessed some buying today after correcting for three consecutive days. The Bank Nifty gained over 1 per cent, while the index of state-run banks was up over 2.5 per cent led by SBI which gained over 2 per cent. Bank of India, Canara Bank, IDFC were among the top gainers in the Bank Nifty.
ONGC which fell 4.4 per cent in yesterday's trade due to weakness in crude oil surged over 2 per cent.
The broader indices however outperformed the benchmark indices. The BSE Midcap index gained 0.8 per cent, while the BSE Smallcap index was up over 1 per cent.
Shares in insurance service providers gained after the select panel on insurance recommended a composite cap of 49 per cent on foreign investment in insurance in a report tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
Max India was up over 4 per cent, Reliance capital gained 4 per cent, while Exide Industries traded 1.5 per cent higher.
SKS Microfinance was up over 9 per cent after UBS initiated coverage on the stock with a buy rating. The brokerage has given a target of Rs 500 on the stock, an upside potential of over 30 per cent from current levels.
As of 2.50 p.m. Sensex traded 24 points higher at 27,821, while the Nifty was up 10 points at 8,350.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 15:13 (IST)

RBI to come out with guidelines on refinanceDec 10, 2014, 03.45 PM IST  | Source: PTI
RBI to come out with guidelines on refinance
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would shortly come out with guidelines on refinance of existing projects as demanded by the industry, its deputy governor S S Mundra said Wednesday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI to come out with guidelines on refinance
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would shortly come out with guidelines on refinance of existing projects as demanded by the industry, its deputy governor S S Mundra said Wednesday.
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would shortly come out with guidelines on refinance of existing projects as demanded by the industry, its deputy governor S S Mundra said Wednesday.
"There is a demand from the industry for refinance of existing projects. RBI will come out with the guidelines soon," Mundra said at a CII interaction here.
He said new projects would get the scope for refinance every five years till the economic life of the projects as already declared.
"But for existing projects, the guidelines will be out soon," he said.
Sounding a word of caution on big projects having thin equity, Mundra said, "There are many projects based on thin equity. This is like skating on thin ice."
He said that when economic growth is robust, such projects carry on as many of the ills are taken on stride.
"But when growth falters, signs of early distress crop in ... RBI is keeping a vigil on projects which are having thin equity to see whether there are signs of early distress," Mundra said.
Ahead of the RBI central board meeting here tomorrow, Mundra said the regulator was keeping its ears close to the ground.
RELATED NEWS

Agra faith  conversion  event rocks Parliament  BSP and Congress question PMComments
The alleged forced conversion of around 300 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra triggered an uproar in Parliament and drew widespread condemnation from Islamic organisations on Wednesday, prompting Uttar Pradesh police to sound a state-wide alert over similar events lined up this month.
Members of the Muslim community stage a protest against alleged forced conversion of 300 people, in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, on Wednesday. (Raju Tomar/ HT Photo)
Muslim groups staged protests and called for protection of vulnerable members of the community on a day clerics across the state decided to discuss the issue during Friday prayers.
The camp -- masked as "ghar wapsi" or homecoming of Hindus who had apparently switched to other religions in the past -- raised a storm when 57 Muslim families, mostly poor migrants from Bihar and Bengal living in a colony on the outskirts of Agra, said on Tuesday they were tricked into a conversion ceremony hosted jointly by the Dharma Jagaran Manch and the Bajrang Dal the day before with the promise to offer them BPL and ration cards.
They refuted the two hard-line Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) affiliates' claim that these people came and embraced Hinduism on their own volition.
Haji Jamiluddin Qureshi, president of the Rashtriya Sarvdaliya Muslim Action Committee, sought stern action against Bajrang Dal activists involved in the incident.
"It was a planned exercise targeting poor Muslims, who were lured in the name of ration cards and water supply. Armed Bajrang Dal activists surrounded the venue, leaving no scope for the Muslims to leave. Later, they spread the lie that the people had converted."
In Parliament, the Opposition demanded a response from the government in both Houses, saying religious conversions by force and by allurement is a criminal offence.
"They (Muslims) were lured. They (Bajrang Dal) took advantage of their poverty to convert them. If it is not stopped, it will cause communal tension in the whole country. The government must take strict action," said Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati.
Members from the Congress, Left, Trinamool Congress and the Samajwadi Party echoed her sentiments and shouted 'Pradhan Mantri Jawab Do (Prime Minister reply)'.
      
Outside Parliament, CPI's D Raja alleged that attempts were being made to impose the Hindutva agenda on everybody.
      
CPI (M) leader Sitaram Yechury said this was the dirtiest of vote-bank politics being played by the RSS and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), while former Union minister and Congress leader Veerappa Moily called the move "anti-national".
The event organised by Hindu groups in Agra which claimed to convert Muslims. (HT Photo)
Agra conversion row: Muslim groups demand action and protection
The RSS dismissed the row as an unnecessary fuss. “There are people who switched religion for different reasons. Many of them want to return home now. What is wrong in it?” asked RSS publicity chief Manmohan Vaidya.
Responding to the attack by the Opposition that demanded the intervention PM Narendra Modi, the government washed its hands off the issue, saying it had no role and that law and order is a state subject.
Leaders of the ruling BJP claimed the reconversion was voluntary and it was not forcibly done.
However, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the government was committed to the country's secular ideals. "I want to clarify that we are as dedicated to harmony and secularism as anyone else. As far as this incident is concerned, an FIR has been registered. Naming a particular organisation for political reasons is not right."
He was referring to cases being registered at Sadar police station in Agra on Tuesday night.
The Dharam Jagaran Manch was unfazed by the FIR drawn against its state convenor Kishore Valmiki and other activists, based on a complaint by one of those who attended the conversion event.
The case has been registered under Section 153(A) of the Indian Penal Code, which pertains to any act of promoting enmity between different groups on the basis of religion and carries a punishment of three years in jail if found guilty. Section 415 (using fraudulent means) was also slapped on the organisation.
"Suitable action will follow," said senior superintendent of police Shalabh Mathur.
The din over the controversial religious conversion follows an announcement by the Hindu Yuva Vahini to "reconvert" over 2,000 people in a huge programme at communally-sensitive Ghazipur in eastern Uttar Pradesh on December 18.
"We have permission from the administration," said Sunil Singh, state president of the outfit floated by Yogi Adityanath, the firebrand BJP MP for Gorakhpur.
Singh denied reports that conversion functions were held at Gorakhpur's Gorakhnath temple, where Adityanath is the head priest. The shrine has often been rumoured to be behind such exercises for many years.
The Dharma Jagaran Manch, too, has planned a programme in Aligarh that Adityanath is supposed to attend. "We will go ahead with our plan in Aligarh on Christmas. Nearly 5,000 Christians and Muslims will embrace Hinduism," said Rajeshwar Singh, the organisation's regional head, undeterred by the fact that a case has been filed for the Agra function.
The scheduled events prompted police to sound a statewide alert and beef up security in sensitive areas. "The superintendents of police of all the districts have been directed to remain vigilant and monitor the activities of organisations involved in conversion programmes. The police cannot stop a person from choosing a religion or adopting another religion, (but) if there is a complaint of forcible conversion, the police will act against the organisation concerned," said Mukul Goel, the additional director general of police (law and order).
In Muslim-majority Kashmir, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) condemned the alleged forcible conversion of Muslims in Uttar Pradesh. "The way the Sangh Parivar and its front organisations like the RSS and the Bajrang Dal are aiming to change the demographic picture of the country is extremely alarming," said senior party leader Hameed Karra in Hazratbal.
"The Sangh Parivar is apparently in a hurry and is taking advantage of the BJP's ascendance to power to convert India into a Hindu Rashtra (Hindu nation), an objective that would be resisted by all right-thinking people in the country."
The constitution guarantees the freedom to practise and profess any faith but several states have laws restricting or regulating religious conversations that vary in their interpretation of what constitutes conversion and the punishment for breaking the law. For instance, the Gujarat Freedom of Religion Act says a person seeking to convert to another religion must first get permission from the district magistrate to do so, failing which one could be jailed for up to three years.
(With inputs from agencies and HT correspondents in Delhi, Gorakhpur and Lucknow)

All powers concentrated in Narendra Modi  says Rahul GandhiDec 10, 2014 at 03:06pm IST
All powers concentrated in Narendra Modi, says Rahul Gandhi
2
0
Thiruvananthapuram: Sharpening attack on the Narendra Modi government, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said unlike the earlier regimes, including the Vajpayee dispensation, all powers were now concentrated on a 'single man' who takes decisions without any discussions.
"In the BJP only Modi speaks. He makes decisions. It is not BJP government, it is Modi government and it works for three to four corporates. Only Modi is of consequence," Rahul said while addressing an extended executive meeting of the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee here.
Asserting that in sharp contrast, the Congress always stood for empowering people, Rahul said the situation was different even when Atal Bihari Vajpayee headed the first BJP-led government in the country.
"It is not BJP government, it is Modi government and it works for three to four corporates, said Rahul.
#rahul gandhi #narendra modi #bjp #congress
"We had issues with Vajpayee government. We did not believe in its ideology. But he used to listen to his colleagues. Now no one can open their mouth even inside the party fora. They tell us to be silent in Parliament," Gandhi said.
Alleging that the BJP was a party which would not have any problem in pursuing opportunistic policies for gaining power, the Congress leader said this had been admitted by (Finance Minister) Arun Jaitley during a conference in London some time back.
Stating that every pro-people decision taken by the UPA regime had been diluted in the last six months, Rahul said the present government was pursuing "anti-people" policies and was interested only in promoting the interests of two or three corporates.
Though the Congress respected the mandate given to the government by the electorate, they had now started asking questions what it had done for them in the last six months, he said.
The unfolding scenario gave the Congress an opportunity to align themselves with people and open its doors to them.
Lauding the Kerala unit of the party and its organisational might, he said that this gave it an opportunity to fight the coming civic and Assembly polls and clinch a thumping victory.
He said the CPI(M), the main opposition in Kerala, was unlikely to make gains as it was still struggling from its internal dissensions.
0

No inputs on Al-Qaeda  ISIS plan to target IndiaAfter Uttar Pradesh, Bihar declares 'PK' tax-free; Nitish Kumar gives Aamir Khan's film '10 out of 10'
There are no intelligence inputs to suggest that Al-Qaeda and ISIS terror groups are working together to target Indian cities, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary, however, said a video was uploaded on September 3, 2014 containing the speech of Sheikh Ayman Al-Zawahiri of Al-Qaeda, in which he announced the establishment of a new Wing of Al-Qaeda, namely ‘Al-Qaeda in Indian Sub-Continent’ (AQIS).
It is learnt that Asim Umar and Usama Mehmood have been appointed as the ‘Amir’ (chief) and ‘spokesperson’ respectively of AQIS, he said.
Chaudhary also said Abu Bakar Al-Baghdadi of ISIS in a video, uploaded on June 29, 2014 on internet, highlighted the alleged plight of Muslims in various countries including India and stated that rights of Muslims are forcibly being seized in these countries.
“However, there are no intelligence inputs about specific threat to Bengaluru city by these two outfits,” he said.
The Minister said there is a very close and effective coordination amongst intelligence agencies at the Centre and the state levels on intelligence sharing.
The intelligence inputs about possible designs and threats are shared with the state governments concerned on a regular basis, he said.
“The Multi Agency Centre has been strengthened and re-organised to enable it to function on 24×7 basis for real time collation and sharing of intelligence with other intelligence agencies and states, which ensures seamless flow of information between the state and the Central agencies.
“This has resulted in busting of many terror modules, thus neutralising major terror attack plans. In addition, the Government continues to take all necessary steps to safeguard India’s territorial integrity and safety/security of its people,” Chaudhary said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Markets snap 3-day losing streak; banks gainMarkets snap 3-day losing streak; banks gain
Indrani Mazumdar | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 04:00 PM IST
Benchmark indices ended marginally higher to snap three day losing streak, helped by a rebound in Chinese shares, led by bank shares.
The 30-share Sensex gained 34 points to end at 27,831 and the 50-share Nifty surged 15 points to close at 8,356.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 221.52 crore on Tuesday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
The broader markets outperformed the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 1% each.
Sectors & Hot Stocks:
On the sectoral front, BSE Consumer Durables index was the top gainer up 2.4% followed by BSE Bankex and Power indices up 1% and 0.7% each. However, BSE Capital Goods, IT and FMCG lost sheen and ended down between 0.4-1%.
ONGC gained 2.4%. The government has finalized plans to sell a part of its stake in Coal India, ONGC and NHPC under its disinvestment programme for the current fiscal year. Coal India ended up 0.2%. Moreover, ONGC Videsh won an Exploration Block- 14TAR-R1 in New Zealand.
Reliance Industries ended down nearly 1%. RIL and China’s Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group Co executed definitive agreements for a joint venture in textiles.
GAIL lost 2.2% on caution after the UP Government agreed to constitute a high power committee for GAIL’s Jagdishpur - Haldia pipeline.
The government has plans to finalise the proposal for coal linkage rationalisation and swapping arrangements of about 40 thermal power projects, a move that is expected to save up to Rs 6,000 crore in logistics cost.
The proposal includes swapping agreements for power projects of companies including Adani Power, Indiabulls Power and NTPC, among others. NTPC ended the session with marginal gains.
Tata Power gained nearly 2% after it signed an agreement for acquisition of 540 MW coal based thermal power project in Maharashtra. 
Among the metal pack, Sesa Sterlite ended up 1% whereas its peer Hindalco lost 0.4%.
Rating agency CRISIL in report dated December 2, 2014 said that net interest margin of banks are expected to improve slightly in 2014-15 due to gradual recovery in the economy, control over cost of funds and better asset mix leading to higher yield on advances.
Among individual stocks, Allahabad Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank and Andhra Bank are up more than 3% each. State Bank of India (SBI), Union Bank of India, Bank of India, Syndicate Bank, Punjab National Bank and Bank of Baroda, Ais Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank ended up between 0.1-5% on NSE.
Shares of Cipla ended up nearly 1.3% after the company said its Mauritius-based firm plans to divest its entire stake in China-based pharmaceutical company. Dr Reddy’s Lab ended up 0.6%.
Auto shares ended mixed. Hero Motocorp gained over 1.2%. According to news reports, the company is tying up with Snapdeal to sell motorcycles on the online platform.
Index heavyweight and Auto major, Tata Motors climbed 1.5%.  Tata Motors’s unit Jaguar Land Rover recalled about 7,000 sports cars in the U.S.
Shares of Bharti Airtel witnessed profit taking and ended lower. The stock had gained in early trades on reports that the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside a penalty of Rs 650 crore imposed on the company by Department of Telecommunication (DOT) in a roaming case.
BHEL declined 2.5%. According to media reports, the company would set up an integrated solar photo-voltaic manufacturing facility of around 500 MW per annum in Maharashtra. Its peer L&T lost 1.2%.
FMCG major HUL shed 2% in today’s trade..
Sugar stocks including Bajaj Hindusthan, Balrampur Chini Mills, Dhampur Sugar and Shree Renuka surged between 5-10% as reports suggest that majority of UP sugar mills start their crushing operations.
Shares of plastic products maker Nilkamal soared 15% to Rs 492, on back of heavy volumes.
Shares in SKS Microfinance rallied 11% to Rs 388 on the NSE after UBS initiate coverage on the stock with ‘Buy’ rating and price target of Rs 500.
Shares jewellery maker such as Gitanjali Gems, Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri (TBZ), PC Jeweller, Rajesh Exports and Titan Company ended higher by up to 8% on reports that the government may change gold-import rules for trading houses.
The market breadth on the BSE ended firm with 1,665 shares advancing and 1,267 shares declining.
Across the Globe:
Asian shares, the dollar and oil prices all slumped on Wednesday, pulling back as global growth concerns and political uncertainty in Greece prompted a flight to safety.
Japan's Nikkei stock average tumbled 2.3%, as a stronger yen prompted investors to sell exporters' shares. Hong Kong shares finished slightly higher on Wednesday, erasing morning losses, following a rebound on mainland markets from the previous day's plunge. hina stocks rebound on Wednesday from the previous day's tumble, led by banking, property and small-cap shares as investors remained bullish about the market.
Financial spreadbetters predicted a brighter day ahead in Europe after steep losses in the previous session. Britain's FTSE 100 was expected to open 18 to 26 points higher, or as much as 0.3%; Germany's DAX was seen opening 69 to 78 points higher, or 0.8%; and France's CAC 40 was called opening 26 to 31 points higher, or 0.7%.However, Shares plummet and confidence is shattered after Greek PM calls a snap presidential election that could lead to the radical Syriza party taking power.
 

Google s online shopping festival attracts buyers in big numbersGoogle's online shopping festival attracts buyers in big numbers
Itika Sharma Punit | Bengaluru Dec 10, 2014 03:58 PM IST
After numerous online sales through the months of October and November this year, one would have expected that buyers' apatite has been satiated for at least a few months and another such event in December might not attract an equally excited response. But, well, Google's Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) that started today has proved all such expectations wrong.
Excited over the sheer number of brands and e-commerce websites participating in GOSF, which is over 450, several buyers woke up early on Wednesday to grab deals before stocks end. According to mobile wallet MobiKwik, within the first five hours of GOSF, it clocked 10,000 transactions on different websites. By 12 noon, this number went up to 15,000 e-commerce transactions.
ALSO READ:  10 things you must know about Google's Great Online Shopping Festival
MobiKwik is offering buyers 20 per cent cashback on top of the GOSF discounts on several e-commerce websites such as Snapdeal, eBay, Shopclues, HomeShop18, MakeMyTrip, BookMyShow, and Pepperfry.
Like for several earlier online sales, consumers took to social media to share their experiences on GOSF and also discuss deals that attracted them. Around 3:30 PM, two tags related to GOSF--#72HoursOfCrazy and #GOSFWithSnapdeal, were trending on micro-blogging website Twitter.
According to trends drawn by online shopping community DesiDime, based on the interactions on its portal, the merchants that appear to be doing exceedingly well include Jabong and Shopclues, mainly due to their Rs 299 corner, where several products are being sold at a flat rate of Rs 299. Additionally, users have been discussing Snapdeal almost five to six times more than the average conversations on other days on DesiDime. Amazon India and PayTM are also among the top five merchants being discussed on DesiDime.
Mobikwik also said the most number of transactions from its wallet happened on Shopclues, followed by ebay and Snapdeal.
"We have seen 60,000 additional wallet deposits and 200,000 'Wallet Purchases' for mobile recharge, TV recharge and bill payments in addition to e-commerce transactions," Upasana Taku, Co-Founder, MobiKwik said.
As a category, several analytic firms said the Rs 299 corner is working "extremely well" across categories. Among the unique categories that are participating in GOSF this year, travel and food/restaurants are the ones seeing most traction.

Service tax rules tightenedService tax rules tightened
Anindita Dey | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 04:00 PM IST
The service tax rules for audit of companies have been tightened by making the access to registered premises of the assesses and reports more rigid and discretionary for the tax officers.
In a recent amendment made by the department,  the time limit given for the assesses to submit its reports to the tax officers  which was earlier fifteen working days no longer exists. It will be the discretion of the tax officer to get the documents on demand immediately or within time limit as deemed fit by the audit party. Similarly, cost audit reports have also been included in the reports to be given to the audit officers along with income tax report and records maintained under service tax rules needed for registration of businesses.
These service tax rules for having open access to the registered premises and reports of the service tax assesses have been made applicable for businesses with turnover exceeding Rs 1 crore or professions with gross receipts exceeding Rs 25 lakhs. This is as per the requirement of section 44AB of the Income Tax Act.  It has also been made compulsory for cost audit reports for companies under section 148 of the Companies Act. Section 148 of the Companies Act specifies publication of paid up capital along with the total subscribed capital, if and when authorised and subscribed capital is published.
Earlier cost audit report was not included in service tax audit. According to officials, such amendments have been made to check these records when the assesses files the service tax returns and are required to register the firms.   They added, these amendments have been made to check proper registration of businesses and professionals under service tax rules to broaden the tax base.  
 In the interim budget for 2014-15, the service tax department has broadened the tax base, by pruning down the negative list and exemptions. Various changes have been made by levying service Tax which was till recently leviable on sale of space or time for advertisements in broadcast media has been extended to cover sales on other segments like online and mobile advertising (except in print media). Tax on services provided by radio-taxies has been levied to bring them on par with rent-a-cab services.
Certain exemptions have been withdrawn including those on services by air-conditioned contract carriage and technical testing of newly developed drugs on human participants. On the other hand, some exemptions have been expanded and few new exemptions announced as well as rationalized including those in education, agriculture, transportation and insurance sectors. Interest on delayed payment of tax has been made more stringent by enhancing rate of interest up to 30 percent if delay is more than one year. Valuation rules in respect of works contracts have been rationalized. Services by directors to body corporate and services of recovery agents have been included in reverse charge. In case of serious offences, waiver of penalty shall not be allowed under section 80.

Govt looks to bolster rail security; RPF teams to escort about 5000 trainsYou are here: Home > Collections
Government looks to bolster rail security; RPF teams to escort about 5000 trains
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 04.19PM IST
Tags:
Krishna Choudhary
(About 11,000 trains run…)
NEW DELHI: Bolstering rail security, Railway Protection Force escort teams will soon be deployed in 5000 trains and their personnel equipped with mobile phones to remain connected with passengers.
Though about 11,000 trains run daily, only 1300 are escorted by RPF escort teams.
"Our aim is to cover as many as 5000 trains by RPF escorting teams," said RPF Director General Krishna Choudhary here today after inaugurating a three-day sensitisation programme for escorting personnel.
"There are about 11,000 trains running daily of which only a few selected trains are being provided security escort service. Currently, about 1300 trains are being escorted by RPF while GRP is involved in escorting 2200 trains.
"We are in the process of recruiting 16,500 RPF personnel by April and we are hoping to cover more trains to be escorted thereafter," Chaudhury said.
Generally four to six personnel are deployed for escorting a train barring Naxal and other sensitive areas where about 20 RPF personnel are involved in the job.
Each escort party will be given mobile phone and that phone number will be made known to the passengers of that particular train.
As the escort party should be accessible, passengers would be provided mobile phones of the personnel.
Railways is in discussion with mobile service operators to have a special series of number for this purpose.
"We want a special series of number which will also include the number of that particular number," Chaudhury said.
The DG also suggested that the escort team should be led by a Sub-Inspector rank officer as against the current practice of being led by a head constable.
He also noted that the security helpline launched for passengers have got good response.
The training programme aims to sensitise escorting personnel on their behaviour towards women passengers, knowledge of modus operandi of various criminals and identification of troubled spots en route.
Addressing the participants, Northern Railway General Manager Pradeep Kumar said the focus should be on ensuring security of passengers and create fear in the minds of criminals.
"Enforcement of the law of the land is essential," Kumar said, adding, "For that fear in the minds of criminal for law enforcing agency is necessary as deploying one cop for one man is not possible."
Kumar said it is "our duty and responsibility to ensure security of all including women."
He, however, said, "unlike earlier days criminals no longer have fear of security men. We have to regain that".
Kumar asked all RPF escorting personnel to take a pledge that no crime takes place in their presence.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/12L3fQYFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Government: Gas to average $2.60 next year
The Energy Department again slashed its prediction for next year's average price of gasoline across the U.S., this time to $2.60 a gallon. That would be 23% below this year's projected average and the lowest full-year average since 2009.
Post to Facebook
Government: Gas to average $2.60 next year The Energy Department again slashed its prediction for next year's average price of gasoline across the U.S., this time to $2.60 a gallon. That would be 23% below this year's projected average and the lowest full-year average since 2009. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1Ad2wmA
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
28
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Government: Gas to average $2.60 next year
The Associated Press 7:38 a.m. EST December 10, 2014
Video Keywords New York
The Energy Department has again slashed its prediction for next year's average price of gasoline across the U.S., this time to $2.60 a gallon. That's 23% below the projected average for this year and the lowest since 2009. Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Yeah Energy Department heads against flaps its prediction for next
00:04  year's average price of gasoline across the US. It's time to
00:07  keep sixty gallon. That's point 3% below the projected average for
00:12  the year and the lowest since 2009. If that comes the
00:16  path. The price drop could the US drivers a hundred billion
00:20  dollars over the course of the year. Yeah Energy Department cut
00:23  its gasoline price forecast for points fifteen by 35 cents a
00:27  gallon in its most threes and short term energy outlook. It
00:31  was the second cut of more than thirty something down in
00:33  Q month. For the street in New York I'm John got
00:37  a couple.
A customer puts gas into a vehicle at the U-gas station in Miami.
(Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
3423 CONNECT 100 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Energy Department again slashed its prediction for next year's average price of gasoline across the U.S., this time to $2.60 a gallon. That would be 23% below this year's projected average and the lowest full-year average since 2009.
If that comes to pass, the price drop will save U.S. drivers $100 billion over the course of the year based on current consumption levels. That will boost the overall economy by reducing shipping and transportation costs, and leaving consumers more money to spend on other things.
In its most recent short-term energy outlook, released Tuesday, the Energy Department's Energy Information Administration cut its gasoline price forecast for 2015 by 35 cents a gallon. It was the second time in two months that the EIA cut the forecast by more than 30 cents a gallon.
Crude oil swoons to 5-year low, gas prices to follow
The average national price of gasoline to $2.66 a gallon on Tuesday according to AAA, 61 cents less than last year at this time. The national average has fallen every day since September 26.
The steep drop in gasoline prices is a result of an increase in crude oil supplies. Global crude prices have fallen to around $66 per barrel from a June high of $115 per barrel. Global supplies are high thanks in part to rising production in the U.S., while global demand is relatively weak because of slowing economic growth in Europe and Asia.
The lower crude prices are forcing oil companies to scale back drilling plans for next year. As a result, the EIA trimmed its forecast for U.S. production growth. U.S. crude oil output is expected to rise by 300,000 barrels per day to 9.3 million barrels a day. The EIA had previously expected production to rise by 400,000 barrels per day.
Despite a colder than normal November, the EIA expects home heating costs to fall this winter compared to last year. Weather forecasters do not expect a repeat of last year's consistently low temperatures, and prices for propane and heating oil are much lower than last year.
3423 CONNECT 100 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Ad2wmA
USA NOW
Spider-dog, devil baby scared us silly on YouTube in 2014
Jan 01, 2015

Rupee to be stable  be in 60-63/$ range in short-term: HSBCLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rupee to be stable, be in 60-63/$ range in short-term: HSBC
Dominic Bunning believes dollar is likely to strengthen in 2015 and foresees dollar-INR 63/USD at the end of next year.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Dominic Bunning, Associate - Fx strategy, HSBC expects the rupee to be stable over the next three months. The Indian is currently trading around 61.99 (13:00 hrs) against the US dollar.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Bunning said the rupee is likely to trade between 60-63 in the near-term and 62-62.50 in the medium-term, respectively.  
"We do think the dollar is going to strengthen for the course of 2015 and we see dollar-INR 63/USD at the end of next year," he added.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: What is your call on the Indian rupee right now which has been one of the most resilient currencies in wake of strong dollar. How would you approach it from hereon?
A: We still think the rupee is going to remain pretty resilient on a regional level. We do think the dollar is going to strengthen for the course of 2015 and we see dollar-INR 63/USD at the end of next year. But in terms of the regional picture we think that the reforms that have been coming through from Parliament as well as the changes that we are seeing in the external account in India and also the improvement in inflation hold point the fact that the rupee continues to be resilient through the course of next year.
The recent news that we just heard about the potential for that reforms to get passed in winter session adds the optimism around the currency for now.
Q: Your sense in terms of the rupee in the next three months, any targets that you would see in the next three months and then eventually six months as well going into 2015?
A: The currency is going to be stable over the course of the next three months and that comes down to a couple of factors. Partly, it’s the external improvement that we spoke about just now and also domestically the RBI is controlling volatility in the currency market. We heard the RBI comment that they would try and keep the currency at 60-63/USD range until the end of March and that seems to be quite likely from our perspective.
There is some underlying concern, maybe inflation trend, but once we get through the first quarter of next year we will have a bit more confidence on that and it will be a bit easier for RBI to decide whether they will allow volatility. But for the time being we potentially see some further inflows in Q1 particularly if we get more positive reform news coming out in the next few weeks and we see dollar INR trading around 62-62.50/USD area for the course of the next few months.
Q: How will rupee possibly do versus other emerging market peers in 2015? Where does the rupee rank in that list?
A: Rupee will be up towards the top of our list. When we look at the factors that will impact currency markets in the emerging space next year and the external factors like the stronger dollar story, a weak euro and yen, the INR generally tends to hold up pretty well in an environment where euro and yen are weakening.
A part of that comes down to the fact that it used to have quite a strong carry in India. So if rates globally remain relatively low because the European Central Bank (ECB) and Bank of Japan’s (BoJ) actions, it does help to spur some positivity around high yielding currencies.
Also, on domestic side India will certainly feel the benefit of low oil prices and better terms of trade over the course of the next few months.
The reform process that I spoke about sets India apart from a lot of emerging markets (EMs) currencies where you are seeing slow reforms with not nearly the pace of getting in India.
Fx policy and the RBI will continue to curb volatility on both sides of the market and that compares quite favourably to a lot of currencies where maybe the central bank is willing to allow a lot more currency weakness because there is much inflationary pressure.
For example in Asia, we would have the INR as one of our top performers in the region along with renminbi and Indonesian rupiah. Even though we see a bit of a weakness versus the dollar, rupee outperforms in the likes of the Malaysian ringgit, the Singapore dollar and the Korean won for example.
RELATED NEWS

Loan portfolio of MFIs grows 47% to nearly Rs 29K cr in Q2Dec 10, 2014, 04.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Loan portfolio of MFIs grows 47% to nearly Rs 29K cr in Q2
The GLP of the all MFIs (Microfinance Institutions) stood at Rs 19,560 crore during the same quarter last year. According to the latest MFIN MicroMeter, 10 largest MFIs in terms of GLP account for 75 percent of the total industry loan portfolio.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Loan portfolio of MFIs grows 47% to nearly Rs 29K cr in Q2
The GLP of the all MFIs (Microfinance Institutions) stood at Rs 19,560 crore during the same quarter last year. According to the latest MFIN MicroMeter, 10 largest MFIs in terms of GLP account for 75 percent of the total industry loan portfolio.
Post your opinion here
 
The aggregate gross loan portfolio (GLP) of MFIs in the country stood at Rs 28,800 crore, excluding non-performing portfolio in Andhra Pradesh (close to Rs 2,900 crore) as on September 30, representing a year-on-year growth of over 47 percent.
The GLP of the all MFIs (Microfinance Institutions) stood at Rs 19,560 crore during the same quarter last year. According to the latest MFIN MicroMeter, 10 largest MFIs in terms of GLP account for 75 percent of the total industry loan portfolio. "As of September 30, 2014, MFIs reached over 27.9 million clients. Compared to Q2 FY13-14, clients grew by 23 per cent. State level distribution of clients mirrors the distribution in terms of GLP. Tamil Nadu and West Bengal are top states in terms of number of clients. Average loan outstanding per client, on a Pan India basis is Rs 10,339," the report said.
MFIs have a network of 10,214 branches with over 48,000 loan officers across 32 states and Union Territories. Branches of MFIs grew by 8 per cent when compared to Q2 FY13-14. West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra are top states in terms of number of branches while Maharashtra, MP, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Karnataka have the highest concentration of MFIs, it said.
During Q2 of FY15, MFIs disbursed over 7.9 million loans worth Rs 12,530 crore. The number of loans disbursed grew by 35 percent when compared to Q2 of FY14, while loan amount disbursed grew by 61 percent. The average loan amount disbursed per account stood at Rs 15,858. Top ten MFIs in terms of disbursements account for 77 percent of total disbursements, it further said.
"Portfolio of MFIs is now more evenly distributed across various regions in the country. Share of south region in the GLP is 32 percent, east 27 percent, north 21 percent and west at 20 percent. Top five top states - West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh - account for 59 per cent of GLP," it further said.
During Q2 of FY15, MFIs received Rs 10,584 crore in debt funding from banks and other financial institutions representing 172 percent growth against Q2 of FY14. The report stated that 72 per cent of the funding came from banks and rest from other financial institutions (FIs). Securitisation of MFIs' portfolio decreased by 40 percent in the second quarter of the current year when compared to the same quarter of last fiscal.
RELATED NEWS

High taxes  rising costs check Indian aviation growth: IATADec 10, 2014, 04.33 PM IST  | Source: PTI
High taxes, rising costs check Indian aviation growth: IATA
"For 2015, we see airlines making a collective USD 25 billion net profit. That's up from USD 19 billion this year, USD 10.6 billion in 2013 and USD 6.1 billion in 2012," the chief of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said at the IATA Global Media Day.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
High taxes, rising costs check Indian aviation growth: IATA
"For 2015, we see airlines making a collective USD 25 billion net profit. That's up from USD 19 billion this year, USD 10.6 billion in 2013 and USD 6.1 billion in 2012," the chief of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said at the IATA Global Media Day.
Post your opinion here
 
High taxes on fuel and rising operating costs were acting as a constraint to the growth of the aviation industry in India, global airlines' body IATA said today. "High fuel taxes and operating costs, coupled with infrastructure constraints, remains a challenge" for the Indian aviation industry, IATA Director General and CEO Tony Tyler said here.
He was replying to a question on the problems facing the Indian aviation sector. Tyler, however, projected a healthy outlook for the global airline industry and said IATA expected 25 percent growth in combined net profit to USD 25 billion in 2015 as against USD 19.9 in the current year on the back of falling crude prices.
"For 2015, we see airlines making a collective USD 25 billion net profit. That's up from USD 19 billion this year, USD 10.6 billion in 2013 and USD 6.1 billion in 2012," the chief of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said at the IATA Global Media Day.
However, half of the USD 25 billion profit was expected to come from the North American carriers while the European airlines, were likely to contribute only USD 4 billion in the collective profits. "I would like to impress upon you that while USD 25 billion may sound like a lot of money, it is distributed over a very fragmented industry with hundreds of players. Some airlines are making sustainable returns and others re struggling.
"Over half of the profits, some USD 13.2 billion, are expected to be generated  by the airlines in North America. In contrast, the European industry is of similar size but will make only USD 4," Tyler said.
Tyler said it must be recocgnised that a USD 25 billion profit on revenue of USD 783 billion amounted to a net profit margin of just 3.2  percent, adding that this was "just a little better than the 3.1 per cent margin generated in 2010." "On a per passenger basis, the airlines will make about USD 7.08," he said.
Stating that IATA has noted an average crude oil price in excess of USD 100 per barrel since 2011 till this year, he said the projection for next year would see oil averaging at USD 85 per barrel. "That is more than double the 2004 price, yet somehow it now seems cheap! There is no doubt that the recent fall in oil price is a relief for airlines," Tyler said.
Given all the risks in the world today including the political instability, economic uncertainty, public health emergence and terrorism, there is not much buffer to absorb a significant change for the worse in the operating environment, he said. Terming the case of gunning down of the Malaysian passenger plane MH-370 as "outrageous", Tyler said civilian aircraft should never be made a "military target".
"In the mean time, passengers can be reassured that MH-370 was an extremely rare, if not a unique event. Even though aircraft cannot be tracked in all cases, flying is
safe. Over 100,000 flights operate safely every day. And new technology will play an important role in making the system even more robust," the IATA chief said. Tyler said IATA estimates showed the number of flyers to stand at 3.5 billion in 2015 while airlines were expected to transport 53.5 million tonnes of cargo worth USD 7.3 trillion next year.
RELATED NEWS

Watch Live: Nobel Peace Prize Is Awarded to Malala Yousafzai  Kailash Satyarthiwatch live: nobel peace prize is awarded to malala yousafzai  kailash satyarthi
Maximaa Systems: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Dec 30  2014)Dec 10, 2014, 05.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Maximaa Systems: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Dec 30, 2014)
Maximaa Systems has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 09, 2014, has transacted the following business:- Considered and approved Notice calling Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the members on December 30, 2014 at Registered Office of the Company at 09.00 a.m.

Tata Housing launches two projects on GOSFTata Housing launches two projects on GOSF
Mansi Taneja | New Delhi Dec 11, 2014 12:41 AM IST
Google’s Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) has become a launchpad for two projects of real estate firm Tata Housing — a luxury project in Bengaluru and an affordable housing project in Mumbai. Experts say this would soon make online the preferred medium of buying a house.
The Cascades, the luxury project in Bengaluru, is spread over five acres, will have 75 independent house at Rs 3.5 crore. The total cost of the project is about Rs 150 crore. In another project of Tata Housing subsidiary — Tata Value Homes in Boisar, Mumbai, the prices of houses will start at Rs 16 lakh. Both the projects are being sold exclusively during GOSF. The company also has schemes for seven other projects across India.
A house can be booked by paying Rs 20,000-50,000 on Tata’s units while others are offering many freebies and a-sqft discounts to lure customers.
At least 300-400 schemes/offers are available on various real estate portals such as 99acres.com, Magicbricks.com, Commonfloor.com, Makaan.com, amongst others. The developers participating in the GOSF include Unitech, Raheja, Puravankara, Mahindra Lifespaces,  VBHC, Ashiana, Godrej Properties, Artha and Brigade, among others.
Even housing loan providers such as HDFC Home Loans, Tata Capital has various offers going on during the three day festival.
Through the online medium, Tata Housing has sold over 700 units with a value of about Rs 400 crore and has been selling one house every two days through this medium, company's managing director and CEO Brotin Banerjee had said earlier in an interview to Business Standard. It has also entered into an exclusive arrangement for selling homes on Snapdeal.com.
"We have seen 70 per cent of our customers coming from the online medium and we strongly believe online to emerge as a preferred route of buying real estate in near future. We are in the process of changing the way in which real estate was sold. We expect online to emerge as one of the fastest growing channels for sale of real estate sales in near future. Besides, we are aiming to create new and innovative ways to reach out to the target audience," Banerjee said.
Sumeet Singh, Senior Vice President- Marketing, Corporate Communication and Alliances, Info Edge (which owns 99acres.com) said, "There is a big shift in consumer buying behavior. Consumers today are more inclined towards shopping online. This platform will provide exciting and exclusive deals, which will not be available otherwise. Each deal has its respective validity period which in some cases will extend beyond the three days to a week or ten days."
The realty sector has been witnessing declining sales in the last few years with high inventory. Developers have been hard pressed on funds and there have been unending delays in deliveries in many residential projects. With the new government at the Centre, the experts are hoping for a revival of the sector in the next 6-12 months.

What s stopping RBI from cutting rates Indian ConsumersWhat's stopping RBI from cutting rates? Indian Consumers
Reuters Dec 10, 2014, 05.19PM IST
Tags:
Bank of Baroda
(Rajan said that he wanted…)
MUMBAI: Waiting for the right moment to cut interest rates, Reserve Bank of India faces a problem over public perceptions that price rises will return to double-digits even though forecasts show retail inflation fell to a record low of 4.5 per cent last month.
Explaining why he left the policy rate at 8.0 per cent, despite inflation's steep fall from over 11 per cent in November last year, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said last week that he wanted to be sure inflation and inflationary expectations are really waning.
He also wants to see Prime Minister Narendra Modi's seven-month-old government reduce the fiscal deficit. If the signs are good, the RBI could reduce rates early next year, the central bank said in its policy review statement on December 2.
Aside from looking at the strength of on-going deflationary impulses, the RBI is listening to people like Siddhi Mindalkar, a 34-year-old Mumbai housewife, taking into account their views on how prices will behave to determine the best time to cut.
"I am spending about 20 per cent less on fruit and vegetables now than six months ago, but prices will probably rise again once the summer comes," said Mindalkar as she shopped for vegetables at a roadside stall.
Food prices, which have the biggest weighting in the consumer price index, typically rise as the summer heat cranks up in March, and thereafter largely depend on how kind the monsoon rains are to farmers.
The RBI expects inflation in 2015 to hover around 6 per cent - its target for January 2016 - and sees risks to the target evenly balanced.
Retail price inflation data is due to be released on Friday. A Reuters poll of analysts forecast that inflation rose 4.5 per cent from a year ago in November, down from 5.5 per cent in October and the lowest since the data series was introduced in 2012.
The RBI will release its next quarterly survey of inflation expectations at the end of this month. What matters most, according to Rajan, is not what people think inflation will be, but how much their views are changing. Last week, the RBI said expectations for inflation were falling.
The last survey in September showed more than 70 per cent of households had expected consumer inflation at double digits in the three months and year-ahead periods.
CAREFUL SPENDERS
"While inflation expectations have started easing, the pace of easing is very slow," said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist for Bank of Baroda in Mumbai.
Cutting rates when inflation expectations remain too high could make them far less effective in terms of boosting consumer demand - vital for an economy growing at around 5 per cent, well below the 8 per cent needed for full employment.
  Top Indian consumer companies such as Hindustan Unilever Ltd remain cautious about demand.
"Inflation has been pretty high in the past few quarters which certainly has had an impact since consumers are being very careful in terms of spending," said Lalit Malik, chief financial officer of Dabur Ltd, which produces personal and health care products.
Changing perceptions of inflation risks is difficult in a country where food prices are so unpredictable. The situation is exacerbated by India's structural problems, with bad roads, poor storage facilities leading to high wastage.
Food prices have wrong-footed other central bankers. Duvvuri Subbarao, Rajan's predecessor, cut rates by 75 basis points in the first three months of 2013 expecting inflation to ease.
Instead, he got surging onion prices after a bad crop, sparking a loss of consumer confidence that contributed to the previous Congress government's defeat in elections last May.
Tukaram Malusure has been selling vegetables for the past five decades.
"There is no fixed pattern," the 70-year-old stallholder shrugged. The only certainty, he says, is that "prices go up after the Holi festival" in March.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I see Tata Motors amongst the top 3 manufacturers in India: Mayank PareekBolt
(In a chat with ET, Pareek…)
Mayank Pareek, the newly-appointed president of passenger vehicle business at Tata Motors, is relying on a new generation of products to connect with personal buyers, a facet of business where the company has struggled in the recent past.
In a wide-ranging chat with ET, Pareek talks about the importance of connecting with the youth, rural penetration and segmented marketing as key focus areas, even as the company begins its journey to claim the pole position in the Indian automobile industry. Excerpts:
Tata Motors as a company is known as the largest commercial vehicle maker or the owner of JLR, but it struggles to make a mark in the passenger vehicle space. How do you plan to change it?
You are both right and wrong. Tata Motors has been selling trucks for over six decades, but cars for merely a decade and a half, so it will happen. The goodwill the Tata brand evokes is something seen to be believed. People actually want the Tata brand to succeed. Proof of the pudding was Zest -- the company launched a product in a very competitive segment and look at the reception. People want to give it a try. Zest sold more than Honda Amaze for two successive months; last month, we could have crossed Hyundai Xcent, if not for the supply constraint. Prior to Zest, the focus was on fleet customers, but now that an appropriate product has come, it has come into the reckoning. We are selling 4,000 units a month against well entrenched competitors, we think Bolt will do the same thing. After all, who understands India better than Indians. We will excite the market, engage with the market. A lot of things need to be done, but it won't be a cakewalk. After almost 8 months, we showed 16% growth. While the number is small, we are moving in the right direction.
Acceptance of Tata Motors may be good amongst the 40-60 age group, who have seen the brand evolve, but somehow the youth does not connect with the Tata brand, and go for rival brands.
India is a young country, with almost half its population born after 1990, coinciding with the time when the economy was being liberalised. Their ethos was different and that's something we are addressing with our HorizonNext strategy. Under the product segment, there are three key pillars -- DriveNext, a car which should be exciting to drive; DesignNext -- they should be attractive to look at; and the third is ConnectNext -- which is very directly related to the youth. Today's youth is connected, a guy may buy one shirt less, but he wants top-of-the-line mobile phone features. So with Bolt, despite being in the compact car space, we are offering something like Harman Kardon system, the whole idea is to connect with the youth. You are right, most of our youth were born later, they have not seen what Tata Motors is. The initial profile of Zest buyers is of young families, which is what we are talking about, we need to connect with them. Till now, cars like Sumo, Safari were catering to a different segment. Now we have adopted an aggressive strategy of two products every year, which is actually directed towards the youth with extremely exciting design cues, high on performance and continuity with connectivity. I completely acknowledge the challenges you are stating.
What steps are you taking to engage with the youth?
It's in my mind -- to start a big youth connect programme, want to catch the pulse of the youth. This would involve engaging with campuses, getting into youth festivals - the idea is to be a brand of choice and not one of compulsion. Go to all the places where these 20-25, 25-30 kids are there, corporate campuses, Tidal Park at Gurgaon, IT parks in Pune. We are going to start youth connect, big time. Also, another medium of connecting with these people is through social media; we want to be big on social media, connecting with the youth, engage them in conversation, as we go along, do crowd sourcing, pick their brains, make them partner in your growth, that is the best of marketing. Going forward, why not take some of these kids as our brand ambassadors. Youth connect, Youth pulse. I want to start this shortly.
Tata Motors is also known as the owner of Jaguar Land Rover. Do you need to talk about it often to attract people?
We are certainly proud of the ownership of JLR, it is a flagship brand, but at the same time, I must emphasise that Tata Motors itself is a big brand. The past two to three years have been tough, but it has happened to many brands in the past. One good product and they make a comeback. You will have a different opinion on Tata Motors two-three years down the line.
Marketing has been the biggest bug bear, how do you intend to address it?

Delhi cab rape: Cops recover cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav s phoneComments
Delhi Police on Wednesday recovered the iPhone which was provided by Uber to the cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old finance company executive last Friday inside the cab.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
The accused driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, had allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim was headed back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
The smartphone was recovered from Mathura after Yadav was questioned. Police have already recovered two of the three phones used by Yadav.
Uber provides its cab drivers an iPhone with the Uber app. Customers book a cab through the company's App. The system then sends a message to the driver of a cab nearest to the customer and when he accepts the 'assignment', his name, photo and other details of the cab, like its registration number, is sent to the customer through the app.
"The phone is an important evidence for us. It will prove that Yadav works for Uber which will help us prove the culpability of the cab service. It will also prove that Yadav was driving the cab which the victim has booked," said a senior police official.
Its GPS signature will help corroborate the route from where she was picked, the course the cab took to reach the spot where the crime took place and the time he dropped the victim near her home, he added.
The accused driver had dropped a message in the company's system that the customer has been dropped and then exited the app. He had then fled to Mathura.
Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime
Uber execs questioned
Meanwhile, Eric Alexander, Uber's Asia-Pacific head, was called in for questioning by Delhi Police for the second consecutive day on Wednesday.
He was issued a notice by the police under Section 91 of the CrPC to provide certain documents of the company and he joined the investigation on Tuesday.
"We have asked him to submit documents under eight pointers which include details of all the taxis and its drivers working with them and how they checked their antecedents as well as the details of the directors of the company," a senior police official said.
Delhi Police has been questioning senior Uber officials for the last three days.
Alexander, along with other senior Uber executives, also visited the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) office Tuesday after being summoned by it.
Delhi Police has already filed an FIR against Uber, charging it with cheating its customers and defying government orders. The company was also banned from operating in Delhi on Monday followed by Hyderabad on Tuesday.
In an interview to HT, Uber's Head of Asia operations Allen Penn said that Uber's image was their last concern.
"We want to see that justice is done," said Penn.
He also apologised to Uber users and said that safety was the cab service's number one priority. He also pledged support to the survivor's family.
"It is a terrible crime that has happened and we are deeply sorry for her what has happened to her."
Telangana, Andhra ban Uber as well
Authorities in both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh too banned Uber. The transport departments in both the states said Uber has no permission to operate and advised people to refrain from hiring the app-based cab service.
In Hyderabad and neighbouring Ranga Reddy district, special teams of Road Transport Authority (RTA) and police Wednesday launched a crackdown on Uber and other service operating illegally.
The officials seized several cabs in Hyderabad and Cyberabad police commissionerates for unauthorised operations.

Kargil was in response to India s role in creation of Bangladesh: MusharrafFormer Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has said he believed in a tit-for-tat policy on all fronts and claimed that Kargil war was a response to India's role in the creation of Bangladesh.
Soldiers take their positions during Kargil war. (Pradeep Bhatia/HT Photo)
Musharraf, who masterminded the Kargil conflict in 1999 and ruled over Pakistan for nine years, said that India had played a role in creating Bangladesh and trying to seize Siachen.
"They also undertook such operations so Kargil also happened," he told Pakistani channel Samaa TV. "I believed in a tit-for-tat policy on all fronts," said Musharraf, who was the chief of the Pakistani army during the Kargil conflict in 1999.
Musharraf, who is currently facing treason charges, said that "friendship with India is only possible on equal terms and with both countries respecting each other."
He said if India would take one step towards friendship Pakistan would respond by taking two steps forward.
"People think I don't want friendship with India it is not like that. Relations with India were good in my tenure. We were close to resolving major disputes pertaining to Kashmir, Sir Creek and water treaty," Musharraf said.
He said that friendship with India was possible even with the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"We should have good relations with India even if Modi is Prime Minister but not by bowing down to India or accepting their aggression. If they continue in aggressive acts and proxy acts then we can also respond in similar fashion," he added.

http://usat.ly/1zOuSUxFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Lawsuit accuses Maker's Mark of false advertising
Two California consumers sued one of Kentucky's best-known distilleries, saying Maker's Mark tries to spike demand and sticker prices by falsely promoting its bourbon as being handmade.
Post to Facebook
Lawsuit accuses Maker's Mark of false advertising Two California consumers sued one of Kentucky's best-known distilleries, saying Maker's Mark tries to spike demand and sticker prices by falsely promoting its bourbon as being handmade. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1Ad4G5I
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Lawsuit accuses Maker's Mark of false advertising
Bruce Schreiner , The Associated Press 9:55 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
A still frame image made from video provided by Maker's Mark Distillery Inc., shows a bottle of Maker's Mark in an advertisement. After a backlash from customers, the producer of Maker's Mark bourbon is reversing a decision to cut the amount of alcohol in bottles of its famous whiskey. (AP Photo/Marker's Mark Distillery Inc., File) ORG XMIT: NY119
(Photo: AP)
99 CONNECT 66 TWEET 32 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Two California consumers sued one of Kentucky's best-known distilleries, saying Maker's Mark tries to spike demand and sticker prices by falsely promoting its bourbon as being handmade.
The lawsuit, filed in federal court in San Diego, accused the distillery of deceptive advertising and business practices with its "handmade" promotion on the labels of its bottles, known for their distinctive red-wax seal. The potential class-action suit claims damages exceed $5 million.
A spokesman for Beam Suntory, the parent of Maker's, said the suit was meritless and the company will fight it.
The suit was brought by Safora Nowrouzi and Travis Williams, who purchased Maker's Mark bourbon last month.
"Defendant promotes its whisky as being 'handmade' when in fact defendant's whisky is manufactured using mechanized and/or automated processes, which involves little to no human supervision, assistance or involvement," the suit said.
The allegations were backed up by photos and video of the Maker's Mark bourbon-making process, according to the suit filed Friday.
The automated process includes grinding up grains, mixing the grains with other ingredients and bottling the bourbon, it said.
Maker's Mark bourbon is produced at a distillery outside Loretto, Kentucky.
The distillery is being expanded to pump up production to keep pace with demand. Maker's shipped about 1.4 million cases in 2013, up 10.7 percent from the prior year.
Maker's Mark has developed a passionate following among bourbon drinkers. The brand created a backlash last year by saying it was cutting the amount of alcohol in each bottle to stretch its whiskey supplies. Producers quickly scrapped the idea.
Clarkson Hine, a spokesman for Beam Suntory, said Tuesday "we will defend this case vigorously and we are confident that we will prevail." He declined to comment on specifics of the suit, citing company policy.
Williams purchased a bottle of Maker's for $32.99 from a grocery store in San Diego, while Nowrouzi bought a bottle of Maker's for $58.99 from a grocery store in Los Angeles County, the suit said.
They made the purchases "under the false impression that the whisky was of superior quality by virtue of being 'Handmade' and thus worth an exponentially higher price as compared to other similar whiskies," the suit said.
Other spirits makers have faced legal challenges over labeling claims. Executives at Templeton Rye said earlier this year they will change labels on bottles of their whiskey to clarify that the beverage is distilled in Indiana, not Iowa.
99 CONNECT 66 TWEET 32 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Ad4G5I
USA NOW
Spider-dog, devil baby scared us silly on YouTube in 2014
Jan 01, 2015

Where the lights never go offWhere the lights never go off
GE’s multi-modal facility at Chakan, Pune is spread over 68 acres. Built with an investment of around Rs 1000 cr, this facility manufactures a range of diversified products for various sectors
 
Where the lights never go off
GE’s 242 W Albeo high bay lighting, known for its energy efficiency, ease of installation and customizable configurations, has been used in this facility
Where the lights never go off
Albeo is an award winning luminaire series that utilizes innovative heat-sinking and cutting-edge LED technology to deliver a wide range of light outputs
 
Where the lights never go off
The ALBEO fixtures because of their long life of 100,000 hrs can significantly diminish maintenance needs especially in difficult-to-reach areas where swapping bulbs requires special equipment and trained personnel
 
Where the lights never go off
This product offers more lumens from fewer LED modules and can be matched with motion, daylight and wireless controls for increased energy savings, lower maintenance costs and shorter paybacks
 
Where the lights never go off
Apart from improving the safety, Albeo because of its uniform light distribution enhanced the indoor light quality and also helped create an aesthetically pleasing environment
 
Get access to the FREE Industry Newsletter
Name:

Noisy scenes in Maharashtra Council over LoP post  farmers woesDec 10, 2014 at 05:54pm IST
Noisy scenes in Maharashtra Council over LoP post, farmers woes
8
0
Nagpur: Pandemonium erupted in Maharashtra Legislative Council on Wednesday when the Congress and NCP members pressed the government to elect the LoP besides raising the issues of farmers' suicide and drought-like situation in the state, leading to repeated adjournments of the House.
Three days into the winter session of the State Legislature, the name of the Leader of Opposition (LoP) is yet to be finalised, said Jayant Patil of SKP (Shetkari Kamgar Paksha) raising the issue soon after the House proceedings began.
"The Council is functioning without a LoP. This is the first time that such a thing is happening. It's a wrong tradition," he said.
Patil was supported by Congress and NCP members, who demanded to know when the LoP shall be named.
#maharashtra #congress #ncp #leader of opposition
Patil was supported by Congress and NCP members, who demanded to know when the LoP shall be named. Soon, Deputy Chairperson Vasantrao Davkhare said the matter was under the jurisdiction of the Chairperson and the name of Opposition leader shall be declared in 1-2 days.
Unsatisfied with the reply, NCP's Hemant Takle demanded that the LoP be named immediately, leading to noisy scenes in the Houses.
Also, under a point of information, Sunil Tatkare of NCP sought to know on what basis the name of Leader of Opposition is going to be finalised.
"We have submitted our claim for naming Dhananjay Munde as the Leader of Opposition," he said.
Manikrao Thakre of Congress said his party too has staked claim for the LoP post.
Congress' Jogendra Kawade said the NCP first needs to clear its position over the LoP issue.
"Initially, they were with the government and now they are in Opposition. Clear your stand," he said to which Chairperson Shivajirao Deshmukh said he has received letters from Manikrao Thakre and Dhanajay Munde staking claim to the post.
1

Agriculture Ministry favours import duty hike on edible oilAgriculture Ministry favours import duty hike on edible oil
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 10:  
The Agriculture Ministry has moved a Cabinet proposal to hike import duty on edible oil to protect the interest of domestic farmers and processors, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan today said.
While the Agriculture Ministry has proposed increase in import duty of refined edible oil to 12.5 per cent from the existing 10 per cent, the Food Ministry has recommended that the hike should be to 15 per cent.
On crude edible oil, both the ministries have proposed that import duty should be increased to 5 per cent from the current 2.5 per cent.
“The Agriculture Ministry has moved a Cabinet proposal to increase the duties on import of edible oils,” Paswan told reporters here.
He said the food ministry has recommended import duty of crude edible oil at 5 per cent and refined 15 per cent.
Sources said the food ministry favours maintaining a duty differential between crude and refined edible oils at 10 percentage points, while the agriculture ministry wants it to be at 7.5 percentage points.
India’s vegetable oil imports rose 12 per cent to all time high of 11.82 million tonnes in the 2013—14 marketing year ended October, on rise in domestic consumption and low rates of cooking oils.
The country imports about 60 per cent of the annual domestic demand of vegetable oils (comprising edible and non—edible oils) of about 19 million tonnes.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Things OFS investors need to rememberThings OFS investors need to remember
Ashley Coutinho | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:16 PM IST
For companies that already have a record in the stock market, the offer-for-sale (OFS) route might soon become the preferred option because of the sheer speed and simplicity of the option. For retail investors, too, it is good news.
With the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) allowing 10 per cent quota for retail investors in OFS, the latter can buy shares of companies that have a record.
Also, instead of locking in money in the bank till the allotment, which could be 10-15 days, in follow-on-offers (FPOs), they will now get the shares on the same day.
With the government planning divestment of Rs 50,000 crore, retail investors can participate in the process more aggressively.
However, the recent SAIL divestment saw many retail investors not getting the five per cent discount because of data entry issues.
Unlike IPOs or FPOs, no physical application forms are issued to apply for OFS shares, and the process is online. Also, there is no leverage or margin funding available to place bids on the OFS platform and investors are required to pay an upfront margin or full amount to buy shares. The only way investors can avoid full payment is through an informal arrangement with their brokers.
Investors can use their online trading accounts to place bids. However, it is likely investors will not be able to place bids online directly but will have to get in touch with their brokers offline. “Since OFS is not a regular affair, most online platforms don't have an interface designed for placing OFS bids,” said Girish Dev, managing director and CEO, Geofin Comtrade. OFS shares are allocated either on a price-priority basis at multiple clearing prices or on a proportionate basis at a single clearing price. If it's the former, retail investors would do well to bid at a price suitably higher than the floor price. That is because in this case, the higher the price, the better the chances of allotment. For instance, if A puts in his bids at Rs 90 and B bids at Rs 89, A will be given the first preference during allotment. A higher bidding price also makes sense if the company is giving a discount and the investor intends holding the stock for the long term. The good news is the market regulator has given retail investors the option to bid at the cut-off price in an OFS issue. In future OFS issues, investors can simply bid at the cut-off price and be assured of an allotment, doing away with the need for price discovery.

Petronas signs Argentina shale dealPetronas signs Argentina shale deal
Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca5a6de6-8061-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Security forces bust NSCN detention camp in NagalandWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:40 pm
Security forces in Nagaland have busted yet another ‘detention camp’ of the NSCN(IM), this time in Jalukie, a town in Peren district, about 127 kms from Kohima, and rescued five persons who were allegedly kept illegally detained there.
“A search operation carried out in a house in Jalukie town led to the discovery of a detention centre run by the NSCN(IM) during which troops of the 18 Assam Rifles rescued five persons who had been abducted by the group for various reasons. The operation, which was conducted on the basis of specific information, found one person bound in iron chains,” a press release issued by the Assam Rifles in Kohima said.
“The rescued persons have been identified as James (32) of Tamenglong (Manipur), Siraj (28) of Jalukie Forest Gate, Izpieu (32) of Jalukie Stadium Colony, Agumbe (21) of Jalukie New Market Colony, and Ranghinglakpe (33) of Ndunglwa (Peren).The detainees were being confined in inhuman and despicable conditions, in gross violation of Human Rights and United Nations Charters,” the press release quoting the Inspector-General of Assam Rifles (North) said. One of them was bound by iron chains and beaten up and another was found detained since September 14, it added.
The Assam Rifles also took into custody eleven cadres of the NSCN(IM)who were found while conducting the search operation, and handed over to the police. They are identified as Asauyenephm (27), Lunglang (22), Khapur Emo (25), Khapur Ewoung (32), Khapur Disong (31), Heideng (65), Razaopeyu Igunraing (28), Leacy Kugiak (35), Along (28), Lungyesing (29), and Abouy (15). Of them the first two claimed to be of the NSCN(IM) intelligence wing, the Assam Rifles said.
“The last named person is only 15 years old, which shows that the NSCN(IM) is also resorting to the use of child soldiers which is again in contravention to the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child,” the Assam Rifles Inspector-General said.
Two of the 11 apprehended cadres – Khapur Emo and Leacy Kugiak – were only recently release on bail after being arrested on November 14 from Peren for illegal tax collection and extortion, the Assam Rifles stated. While on bail, these cadres again started indulging in unlawful activities and were rearrested, it added.
It was in September that the security forces had busted a similar “detention camp” of the NSCN(IM) near Dimapur and rescued two persons who were under illegal confinement there. Six NSCN(IM) cadres were apprehended in that operation.

Malala  Satyarthi receive their Nobel Prizes for child campaignsBy: Press Trust of India | Oslo |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:10 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:28 pm
India’s Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 on Wednesday, sharing it with Pakistan’s Malala Yousafzai , the youngest ever Nobel laureate, for their work on promoting child rights in the troubled sub-continent, where millions are deprived of their childhood and education.
“Satyarthi and Yousafzai are precisely the people whom Alfred Nobel in his will calls ‘champions of peace’,” Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee Thorbjorn Jagland said in his speech before awarding them the prize.
“A young girl and a somewhat older man, one from Pakistan and one from India, one Muslim, the other Hindu; both symbols of what the world needs: more unity. Fraternity between the nations,” he added.
Nobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan holds up her medal during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo (Source: AP)
Satyarthi, 60, who gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run an NGO for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking, and 17-year-old Malala, who survived a near-fatal Taliban attack two years ago with determination advocating education for girls, were named by the Nobel Peace Prize Committee for the prestigious award on October 10.
They received the Nobel medal which is 18 carat green gold plated with 24 carat gold and weighs around 175 grams. They will share USD 1.1 million prize money.
See Pictures: Malala, Satyarthi receive their Nobel Peace Prizes in Oslo
Noting that violence and repression cannot be justified in any religion, Jagland said Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism and Buddhism protect life and cannot be used to take lives.
“The two whom we honour here today stand very firm on this point. They live according to a principle Mahatma Gandhi gave expression to. He said: ‘There are many purposes I would have died for. There are no purposes I would have killed for’,” Jagland said, invoking Mahatma Gandhi.
General view of the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony at the City Hall in Oslo (Source: AP)
Satyarthi’s NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Save Childhood Movement) prides itself on liberating over 80,000 children from bonded labour in factories and workshops across India.
According to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) there are about 168 million child labourers globally. There are roughly 60 million child labourers in India alone.
Malala, who was nominated in the peace prize category last year also, had displayed tremendous courage even after the Taliban attack when she resolutely expressed her determination to carry on with her campaign for child rights and girls education especially in a country like Pakistan.
Nobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan, right, and Kailash Satyarthi of India take their seats during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo (Source: AP)
Speaking after receiving the award, Satyarthi asked audience to feel the child inside them and said the crime against children has no place in a civilised society.
“Children are questioning our inaction and watching our action,” he said, adding that all religion teach to take care of children.
Noting that the number of child labour has been reduced by a third, Satyarthi said, “My dream is to make every child free to develop…There is no greater violence than to deny the dreams of children.”
Recounting his experience with the unprivileged people, he said, “I am representing the sound of silence of millions of children who are left behind.”
“The credit to this honour goes to people who worked and sacrificed for freeing children,” he said.
Famed Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Indian musician Amjad Ali Khan performed at the award ceremony.
Pakistan’s former prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani was among those present on the occasion.
 

Textile sector has low credibility in financial world: ExpertsBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 6:57 pm
The crude oil prices that has nosedived from the highs of $ 110 per barrel in June 2014 is expected to pump in USD 1.4 trillon in to the Indian economy, said Rajen Udeshi, president (polyester chain), Reliance Industries while addressing an event at Gandhinagar on Wednesday.
“Today, this money is lying with the government and the oil companies. I think it will soon come in to the system and will change the purchasing power of the people,” said Udeshi at the inaugural function of a 3-day pre-Vibrant Gujarat summit titled: India-Opportunities for Global Investment in Textiles.
Around June 2014, India was importing crude at over $ 110 per barrel. Today the prices of brent crude stand around $ 65. This dip in prices, Udeshi felt, will benefit the Indian economy.
“The buying habits of people has already changed. From a single pair of cloth, today a person wears 3-4 pairs during the day. One for a morning jog, office wear, evening dress and a party wear,” he said while predicting a huge growth in polyester fabric in the near future.
Meanwhile, experts from the textile world who had gathered for the event rued the “low credibility” that the textile sector has among lending institutions. “As an industry, the credibility of the textile sector within the financial world in India is very low,” said Hrishikesh Mafatlal, chairman and chief executive, Arvind Mafatlal Group of Companies.
According to Mafatlal, the share of funding from both the private and public sector banks was very low as far as the textile sector was concerned. “There is a need to focus energies on product development and innovation,” he remarked.
Giving reasons for the low attractiveness of the textile industry among investors, Sunil Singhania, CIO (Equity Investments), Reliance Mutual Fund said, “In the last 50-70 years, very few industries in the textile sector have created value.” He gave the example of Bangalore-based Page Industries as one of the few Indian companies who has created a lot of value in manufacturing innerwear and leisurewear in the country.
“Even if one Indian spends only Rs 10,000 on his clothes every year, India is easily a Rs 10 lakh crore market. Most of the companies have failed to tap this local market,” he said.
S Uma Shanmukhi, DGM (SME) State Bank of India minced no words when she pointed out how her bank has maintained a “neutral” outlook for the industry. “We are moderately negative on 100 percent export oriented units in the garment industry and moderately positive on the technical textiles,” Shanmukhi said at the event.
Meanwhile, Ahmedabad-based Sintex Industries was more upbeat about the new textile policy of Gujarat. “We have been in this (textile) business for the past 90 years. We used to have a small role; we were largely a boutique manufacturer. But after the state government announced a new textile policy we decided to set up a Rs 5500 crore spinning and weaving unit near to the port at Pipavav,” said Amit Patel, managing director of Sintex Industries.
“The unit will employ about continued…

Gas customers can get mini 5-kg cylinder at subsidised rateDec 10, 2014, 06.26 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Gas customers can get mini 5-kg cylinder at subsidised rate
Consumers were entitled to 12 such bottles in a year at subsidised rate of Rs 417 in Delhi. Now the subsidised cooking gas is also available in 5-kg packs, costing Rs 155 per such cylinder in Delhi.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gas customers can get mini 5-kg cylinder at subsidised rate
Consumers were entitled to 12 such bottles in a year at subsidised rate of Rs 417 in Delhi. Now the subsidised cooking gas is also available in 5-kg packs, costing Rs 155 per such cylinder in Delhi.
Post your opinion here
 
In a move that will give cooking gas consumer more choice, state oil marketing companies have started selling mini 5-kg LPG cylinders at subsidised rates. Till now, cooking gas (LPG) was available for domestic use in 14.2-kg cylinders. Consumers were entitled to 12 such bottles in a year at subsidised rate of Rs 417 in Delhi. Now the subsidised cooking gas is also available in 5-kg packs, costing Rs 155 per such cylinder in Delhi.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told Rajya Sabha today that consumers can avail of 34 cylinders of 5-kg in a year at subsidised rates. Any requirement beyond that would have to be bought at market price of Rs 351 per bottle. Like the 14.2-kg cylinders, the mini subsidised packs are available at the regular LPG dealer or distributors. 5-kg LPG cylinders are available at select petrol pumps but at market price of Rs 351.
"Public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs) have reported that they are already marketing subsidised 5-kg cylinders up to 34 cylinders in a year per connection. Consumption beyond 34 cylinders in a year is at non-subsidised rate," he told Rajya Sabha in a written reply to a question. The mini-LPG cylinder gives an option to people with small income to buy a refill at subsidised rate without having to shell out large sum of money.
Households now have the option to buy 12 cylinders of 14.2-kg each at subsidised rate in a year or 34 bottles of 5-kg each at the below-market price per annum. Any requirement beyond that is to be met through purchase of cooking gas at market price - Rs 752 per 14.2-kg cylinder and Rs 351 per 5-kg bottle.
RELATED NEWS

NCDEX to launch forward trading in 17 new commoditiesDec 10, 2014, 06.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NCDEX to launch forward trading in 17 new commodities
Launched on September 25 this year, Agrim Sauda (NCDEX forwards) has received an encouraging response from market with 3310 MT of commodities being traded so far, 82 percent of which include maize and rest sugar.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NCDEX to launch forward trading in 17 new commodities
Launched on September 25 this year, Agrim Sauda (NCDEX forwards) has received an encouraging response from market with 3310 MT of commodities being traded so far, 82 percent of which include maize and rest sugar.
Post your opinion here
 
The National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange will soon launch forward trading in 17 additional commodities comprising major cash crops that form bulk of the physical agri trade in the country. The exchange has recently received the approval from Forward Markets Commission (FMC) for trading in 17 commodities including 29 MM cotton, barley, castor seed, chilli, coriander, crude palm oil, chana, guar gum, guar seed, jeera, mustard seed, refined soya oil, shankar kapas, soybean, turmeric, cotton seed oil cake and wheat, a statement issued here said.
The move comes close on the heels of a successful launch of the exchange-traded forwards in sugar and maize. Launched on September 25 this year, Agrim Sauda (NCDEX forwards) has received an encouraging response from market with 3310 MT of commodities being traded so far, 82 percent of which include maize and rest sugar.
Unlike futures contracts, where contract specifications are standardised, NCDEX forwards allows buyers and sellers the flexibility to trade with diversified requirements while reaching out to any buyer or seller throughout the country. This coupled with reduced overhead costs and reduced counter-party default risk makes this an extremely useful tool for the trade, the release said.
"NCDEX forwards has the potential to radically overhaul agricultural marketing and bring hope to India's 119 million farmers. Bringing forward trade under the regulatory framework along with spot as well as futures trade and integration of these three segments will, ultimately, provide market participants with a more efficient and effective means of managing exposure to commodity-price volatility," NCDEX MD & CEO Samir Shah said.
RELATED NEWS

Malala Yousafzai Received 2014 Nobel Peace PrizeHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","description":"Meet the Great Dane puppies being raised at the Service Dog Project. Located in Ipswich, Massachusetts","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

NFL s Goodell seeks to right past wrongsnfl s goodell seeks to right past wrongs
Dhamra port hopes to soon get land for expansionDhamra port hopes to get land soon for expansion
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Dec 10, 2014 08:30 PM IST
Adani Group owned Dhamra Port Company Ltd (DPCL) expects to get land soon for its second phase expansion. The Phase-II expansion estimated to cost Rs 10,000 crore, would add 11 new berths to the port and also raise its capacity four fold to 100 million tonne, up from 25 million tonne presently.
“We had requested the state government for allotment of 736 acres of land for our second phase expansion. The land allotment has been approved by the state government and we hope to get the land soon. The expansion plan involves adding 11 new berths to the port,” said Santosh K Mohapatra, director at DPCL after a meeting with Odisha chief secretary G C Pati.
In May this year, Adani Ports & Special Economic Zone (APSEZ), part of the Adani Group, had acquired Dhamra Port Company Ltd (DPCL) for Rs 5,500 crore.
Prior to the acquisition, DPCL was run as a 50:50 joint venture between Tata Steel and L&T Infrastructure Development Projects Ltd. In one of the biggest port sector deals in recent years, APSEZ has gained a foothold in the eastern sector through the acquisition.
Currently, the port is equipped with two fully mechanised berths with a combined cargo handling capacity of 25 million tonne per annum (mtpa). The two berths are capable of handling 12 million tonne of imported dry bulk cargo and 13 million tonne of cargo for exports. The port commenced commercial operations in May 2011.
The port has obtained environment clearance for the expansion.
The expansion work involves increasing berth strength to 13 from two at present and upgrade cargo handling capacity four-fold from 25 mtpa to 100 mtpa in five years.
The second phase capacity ramp up would also pave the way for a five mtpa LNG (liquefied natural gas) terminal to be set up within the port premises by Indian Oil Corporation Ltd (IOCL). The terminal to be set up at a cost of Rs 5,000 crore needed 150 acres of land. Both IOCL and DPCL had signed an MoU (memorandum of understanding) for the project.
Dhamra port handled 14.31 million tonne cargo in 2013-14, 29.3 per cent higher than 11.07 million tonne in 2012-13. This included 10.23 million tonne of import cargo and the balance 4.08 million tonne of exports. A total of 192 vessels, including 46 Capesize vessels called at the port in the last fiscal.

RIL plans polyester chain capacity expansionRIL plans polyester chain capacity expansion
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 10, 2014 08:58 PM IST
In keeping with the country's target of achieving $500 billion textile exports, Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) again reiterated its plans to expand polyester chain capacity from current 7.5 million tonnes to 15 million tonnes.
Speaking on the sidelines of 'INTEXCON 2014, an international conference on textiles, RD Udeshi, president (polyester chain), RIL said, "We are expanding the entire value chain of polyester including PTA. The investment will be around $4 billion and the capacity will be increased from 7.5 million tonnes to 15 million tonnes."
Udeshi added that the additional capacity will commission in three years.  As part of the expansion, the company is also doing road shows, he said.  "We are trying to do road shows across India. We did in Mumbai, Surat and other parts of the country," Udeshi added.
Earlier, while speaking during the conference, Udeshi said that the country has set a target of $500 billion textile exports wherein polyester will have to play a major role. As part of that, in around eight years, RIL plans to increase polyester capacity from 4.5 million tonnes to 20 million tonnes, Udeshi stated in his speech.
As part of pre Vibrant Gujarat Summit events, the international conference was jointly organised by Diagonal Consulting and Textile Excellence on 'India - Opportunities for Global Investment in Textiles'.

Oil falls as Opec tests US shale industryOil plunges as Opec tests the mettle of US shale industry
Anjli Raval and Neil Hume in Vienna
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eda2b8a6-7645-11e4-a777-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Damian Dovarganes / APEmail
The best gifts make an impression, but it's the worst ones that really stick  with us.
They're the presents you talk about at dinner parties, laughing at their  awfulness or tackiness. And while they might make good conversation, you never  want to be the person who gave one.
Damian Dovarganes / AP
The pressure of the holidays can make people lose perspective when it comes to giving gifts.
The pressure of the holidays can make people lose perspective when it comes  to giving gifts. Avoiding a faux pas, though, isn't too difficult if you steer  clear of some common minefields. 
Watch your spending.
Gifts are not a tit-for-tat exchange. Just because someone spent a certain  amount on a present for you doesn't mean you have to spend the same on theirs.  Too often, shoppers overspend in hopes of not being seen as a cheapskate. This  can actually be the worst move to make.
"If you spend a lot of money on a gift, doing so [can] make a recipient feel  uncomfortable," said Sherri Athay, author of "Present Perfect: Unforgettable  Gifts for Every Occasion."
"You don't want to appear stingy, but generally, whether intended or not,  giving gifts creates a feeling of obligation," she said.
Overspending doesn't always relate to the dollar amount, either. A  personalized gift that obviously took a lot of time and effort can be touching,  but it can also create problems if the recipient simply grabbed an off-the-shelf  item for you.
Video: If you want to buy everything listed in the classic song “The Twelve days of Christmas” this year it’ll add up to about $116,000, according to PNC Bank Management. That’s up about 1.5 percent from last year.
At the same time, while a budget is a good thing, being too cheap can come  back to haunt you. 
"If the bag says Bloomingdales and the gift came from Duane Reed, that's kind  of a bait and switch," said Diane Gottsman, an etiquette expert and owner of The  Protocol School of Texas. "Make sure it represents where it comes from, so if  they do need to exchange it, it doesn't embarrass them."
Regift with caution.
There's nothing wrong with regifting, but it does require some common sense.
The biggest mistake to avoid, of course, is accidentally regifting the item  to the person who gave it to you—or to a mutual friend of yours. And a very  close second is making sure it's not obvious you're just passing along something  you don't want.
"If you are going to repurpose a gift, you need to make very sure it doesn't  have your name on it," said Gottsman. "Make sure there's no gift card left on it  that you didn't see and that it's in its original box or bag. And definitely  regift outside of the circle of friends that gave it to you."
Read More Want a jolly  Christmas? These 5 things must change
Remember, not every item is a candidate for regifting, because, let's face  it, some are just terrible. However, if you've received a nice sweater that  doesn't fit you or a bottle of wine but you don't drink, those are viable  candidates.
Avoid utilitarian gifts
A practical gift may show that you gave some thought to the recipient, but  that doesn't always make it a good idea. While you might not want to get too  personal, you also don't want to retreat too far in the opposite  direction.
"My brother, many years ago, said, 'I never give my wife a gift with an  electrical cord attached to it,'" said Athay. "Gifts should be something  somebody wouldn't get for themselves."
Also verboten are gifts that nudge someone toward some form of  self-improvement. It's too easy to accidentally hurt the recipient's feelings.
Read More Hey, it'll be cheaper  after Christmas!
"Gifts that hint at self-improvement or change for the recipients—like a  low-fat cookbook or a book on how to get organized—are a bad idea," said Athay.  "Even if it's something they have identified they want, you [still] might want  to move forward carefully."  
Logo a no-no.
Corporate gifts all too often become marketing opportunities. And most of  those end up in the trash.
"We tend to want to put our logo all over something, but we have to remember  that most people don't want to receive a gift with somebody else's logo," said  Gottsman. "Even a business gift is a gift of goodwill. It's to remind a person  that they're valuable. It's to build a relationship for the next year. You want  them to use it."
Don't fall for the hype.
Shopping early takes some of the pressure off of buyers. As the date of a  gift swap nears, some people tend to fall for marketing in ways they would never  do so during the rest of the year.
"Men, in particular, have a tendency to give in to the advertising hype,"  said Athay. "They see signs or TV segments saying, 'This is what all women want  this holiday season' and buy it."
That's not only oftentimes inaccurate (think back to items like breadmakers  and hair-removal devices of years past), it also sends the message that the  recipient doesn't stand out from the crowd and that you, the gift giver, just  jumped on the nearest bandwagon.
"A gift is a way to convey a message to somebody," said Athay. "If you think  about that message, you're going to have an easier time conveying that message."  
Tags:

China metals repo case in courtDecember 3, 2014 6:05 pm
China metals repo case in court
Henry Sanderson and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d34c90b4-7b0c-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Luxury watch cited in China fraud caseDecember 4, 2014 7:02 pm
Luxury watch cited in China fraud case
By Henry Sanderson and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be8aef20-7be0-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Huge Chains Are Pretty Much Ignoring Black Friday Protestshuge chains are pretty much ignoring black friday protests
Economy Seen Accelerating Next Yeareconomy seen accelerating next year
EPFO considering to raise investment in private sector bonds to 15%EPFO considering to raise investment in private sector bonds to 15 per cent
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 17:57 IST
Photo: Reuters
Retirement fund body Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) trustees will consider a proposal to increase the limit for investment in private sector bonds from existing 10 per cent to 15 per cent in their meeting scheduled on December 19.
"In order to utilise the opportunity of earning best possible returns from the available pool of private sector companies it is proposed to increase the limit in private category upto 15 per cent from existing 10 per cent," the agenda for the trustees' meet stated.
As much as 10 per cent of incremental investment is allowed in the private sector category as per the current investment guidelines.
According to the agenda, with the adoption of new pattern of investment from January 1 this year the EPFO has been permitted to undertake investment in private sector category dual AAA rated banks Term Deposit.
As a result, large chunk of private category investments have gone into such papers fetching good returns.
At present, investment in private category bonds has not been more than 4 per cent of the total allotted 10 per cent, mainly due to very restrictive guidelines making eligible very few private sector companies.
The investment pattern notified by Labour Ministry in November last year permits investment in Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) category and Private Category upto 55 per cent of the corpus.
EPFO manages a corpus of over Rs 6 lakh crore. It had received an incremental deposits over Rs 70,000 crore last fiscal. The body is expected to receive around Rs one lakh crore during the current financial year. It has a subscribers' base of over five crore.

58% turnout in third phase of J&K Assembly pollsNew Delhi/Srinagar, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 10, 2014 07:35 IST
Assembly Elections
58% turnout in third phase of J&K Assembly polls
National Bureau
Tweet
The Hindu
Voters stand in long queues at a polling station in Beerwah constituency during the third phase of Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections on Tuesday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
PTI
Polling staffs check Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) before leaving for polling duty in Baramulla district of North Kashmir on Monday.
VIDEO
election
The third phase of polling in 17 Assembly constituencies in Jharkhand and 16 in Jammu and Kashmir saw an impressive turnout despite boycott calls and threats of violence.
While Jharkhand saw a voter turnout of 61 per cent, J&K recorded 59 per cent polling. All the constituencies that went to the polls in J&K, including Uri where militants struck last Friday, are located in the Valley.
Though the turnout in J&K was not as impressive as in the first two phases, there was increased participation in areas that traditionally boycott polls.
People in Tral constituency, which saw 37.68 per cent polling, told The-Hindu that the turnout was much better than they expected after the two recent grenade attacks in the area and the frequent sarpanch killings. The constituency had seen 0.8 per cent voting in the Lok Sabha elections, and 48.69 per cent in 2008 Assembly polls.
In Jharkhand, polling was by and large peaceful amid elaborate security arrangements.
The turnout in the third phase was better than the 54.85 per cent during the 2009 Assembly polls. Silli constituency saw the highest polling at 74 per cent, while only 44.44 per cent voted in Ranchi. In 2009, Ranchi had seen a 64.62 per cent turnout.
 
 
J&K Correspondent Zahid Rafiq adds:
The 16 seats in Jammu and Kashmir that went to polls on Tuesday are located in Baramulla, Budgam and Pulwama districts. The voter turnouts in these segments in the Lok Sabha polls this year and the 2008 Assembly polls were 25.43 per cent and 52.13 per cent respectively.
Sopore saw an increase in the turnout from 19 per cent in 2008 Assembly polls to 30 per cent on Tuesday. The constituency had polled only 1.02 per cent in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
The increased polling in areas like Sopore and Tral is being seen as the people’s reaction to the BJP’s much-hyped entry into the political fray in the Assembly elections in the Valley. The BJP has fielded a Sikh candidate from Tral and, according to sources, the party is banking on more than 6,000 Sikh and migrant voters to clinch the constituency.
“If we did not come out to vote, the BJP’s candidate would have won and we decided to stop the party from winning from here. We are sure that we have defeated their plans,” Majid Zargar, a 36-year-old first-time voter, told The Hindu.
The Chief Election officer informed that in the Baramulla district, Uri recorded 79 per cent turnout, Rafiabad 63 per cent, Sangrama 56.15 per cent, Baramulla 45 per cent, Gulmarg 72 per cent and Pattan 60 per cent. In the five Assembly constituencies of Budgam district, Chadoora recorded 65 per cent turnout, Budgam 70 per cent, Beerwah 74.14 per cent, Khan Sahib 73 per cent and Charar-i-Sharief 82.14 per cent. In Pulwama district, Pampore recorded 46.48 per cent, Pulwama 38.31 per cent and Rajpora 47.06 per cent voter turnout.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah’s decision to shift to Beerwah added spice to the contest in the constituency and increased people’s participation in the electoral process.

US shale industry faces endurance testUS shale industry faces endurance test after Opec rejects cuts
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/1fedfe66-7f9b-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Citi hit by extra $3.5bn in chargesCitigroup hit by extra $3.5bn in charges
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c2370d92-7fb5-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Year-End Tax Planning Ideas For Big Savingsreddit
With less than a month left in the year, you can easily get a rough idea of how much you will owe in taxes for the 2014 tax year. If your anticipated tax bill is giving you sticker shock, there are a number of investment moves you can take between now and the end of the year to help reduce your tax liability for the 2014 tax year.
Boost your 401(k) contributions. If your employer permits you to make extra contributions to your 401(k), put in as much as you can afford. You typically contribute pretax dollars, so the more you invest, the lower your taxable income. Your earnings also grow on a tax-deferred basis. For 2014, you can contribute up to $17,500, or $23,000 if you are 50 or older. (These same limits apply to 403(b) and 457(b) plans.)
Contribute to a 529 college savings plan. 529 plan contributions may be tax deductible in your state. When you contribute to a 529 plan, your earnings grow tax-free, provided they are used for qualified higher education expenses. (However, distributions not used for qualified expenses may be subject to income tax and a 10 percent penalty.)
Sell your "losers." If you own investments that have lost value, you can sell them before 2014 ends and use the tax loss to offset some capital gains you may have earned in other investments. If you have zero capital gains, you can use up to $3,000 of your tax losses to offset other ordinary income. And for a loss greater than $3,000, you can "carry over" the excess and deduct it from your taxes in future years. If you still like the investment sold at a loss, you must wait 31 days before repurchasing it to avoid violating IRS "wash sale" rules.
Delay selling your "winners." Capital gains can increase your adjusted gross income -- and, consequently, your tax bill. So if you are considering selling an asset that has increased in value, such as a stock, you may want to wait until January so the gain will be realized next year.
Be generous. Your cash contributions to qualified charities may be tax deductible. But you might get even bigger tax breaks by donating appreciated assets. Suppose, for example, that you purchased shares of ABC stock for $1,000 and they are now worth $10,000. If you were to give these shares to a qualified charity, and you are in the 28 percent tax bracket, you may get a $2,800 tax deduction, based on the current market value of the donated shares.
Postpone purchasing mutual fund shares. Many mutual funds pay capital gains distributions in December. So, if you were to buy shares just before the distribution date, you may get a larger distribution, but you will owe capital gains taxes on the money you invested without receiving much benefit from your investment. To avoid this potential problem, ask for the date of the distribution and consider delaying additional investments until afterward.
In addition to these year-end strategies, you may also want to increase your contributions to your traditional or Roth IRA, although you actually have until April 15 to contribute for the 2014 tax year. You can put in up to $5,500, or $6,500 if you are 50 or older. Traditional IRA contributions may reduce your taxable income for 2014, depending upon your income and whether you or your spouse participates in a plan sponsored by your employer. Roth IRAs will not reduce your current taxable income; however, qualifying distributions in the future may be tax-free.
Implementing one or more of these strategies may help you accomplish two objectives -- make progress toward your financial goals while brightening your outlook for the 2014 tax year. That may be a pretty good combination.
RBC Wealth Management is not a tax advisor. All decisions regarding the tax implications of your investments should be made in consultation with your independent tax advisor.
Close

New Research: The Top 10 Factors for Employee Happiness on the Jobreddit
Employee engagement and happiness is definitely one of the topics du jour for modern management and the future of work. Plenty of studies have already (and continue to) come out that show how low employee engagement is around the world (only 13 percent of employees are engaged and 87 percent are not!). Low employee engagement numbers correlate and oftentimes cause decreased productivity, waisted resources, and an overall toxic environment that nobody wants to be a part of... and why should they?
This is why it's important to understand what employees around the world value in their jobs. So what do employees actually want and what do they care about?
A Tinypulse survey from 2013 revealed that transparency was the No. 1 factor for employee engagement.
A 2014 SAP survey found that compensation is the No. 1 factor that matters most to employees.
Another survey by the SHRM (Society for Human Resource Management) conducted in 2013 also found that compensation and pay was the No. 1 factor contributing to job satisfaction.
Several other studies have also emerged around what employees care about at work but the most recent one from Boston Consulting Group which surveyed over 200,000 people around the world is one of the most comprehensive. Unlike previous studies which may point to flexibility or salary as the top factor for job happiness, BCG found that the No. 1 factor for employee happiness on the job is being appreciated for their work!
Based on the color-coded categories you can see above, out of the top factors the majority are grouped as either "work environment" or "job content and opportunities." Perhaps what is more interesting is the contrary to some of the other studies which show compensation as the No. 1 factor for happiness, this report puts salary at No. 8. This reaffirms what I consistently see in organizations that I speak with. You can't pay someone a lot of money, treat them poorly, and expect them to do their jobs well just because they get a nice check.
It's important to remember that the "balance of power" is shifting away from organizations and towards employees. Today, we have a lot of choices to consider and several opportunities to evaluate when exploring how to make a living. Instead of going to work for a large established company that has more money, people can now:
join a small growing startup
become a freelancer on sites like odesk or elance
drive for Uber or Lyft
create their own products to sell on sites like Etsy
raise money through crowd-funding on sites like Indiegogo or Kickstarter
and much more
The war for talent has never been greater so in a world where cash is no longer the No. 1 factor attracting employees to organizations, these organizations must focus on other factors to create a more desirable and engaging place to work. What do you think of these recent numbers? Are you shocked or surprised to see that compensation is No. 8?
 
Jacob is an author, speaker, and futurist. You can learn more by visiting TheFutureOrganization.com . You can also subscribe to Jacob's newsletter to get weekly content on the future of work and the first 30 pages of his new book, The Future of Work.
Follow Jacob Morgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jacobm
More:
Business Strategy Work Environment Careers Organizations Freelance Jacob Morgan Employee Engagement Productivity
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Stargazing made simpleSix smart telescopes that make astronomy a snap
By  Eric Adams
Read more about these links.
Nighttime observing sessions called star "star parties" give beginners the opportunity to meet fellow stargazers. (visitnebraska.org)
If the recent hubbub surrounding comet landings, future missions to Mars and assorted eclipses and meteor showers have you craving all things astronomical, don’t just sit there clicking through Nasa slideshows.
Related
Ultimate guide to exploring space
For decades we’ve been trying to boldly go where no man has gone before. How successful have we been? All is revealed in this infographic.
Though the sensational images coming from the high-grade science gear in orbit and on Earth are tough to beat, using your own telescope remains one of the best ways to connect with the cosmos. Nothing quite beats seeing the cloud belts of Jupiter, or the dust lanes in the Andromeda galaxy, with your own eyes.
Feeding that impulse is easier than ever. Amateur astronomy equipment is remarkable these days, thanks to inexpensive robotic telescopes and high-grade optics that deliver crystal-clear views. There are also popular astronomy apps available for tablets and smartphones, allowing users to choose a target, tap the screen and watch the telescope zero in, all by itself.
When choosing a robotic telescope, there are a few simple rules. First, aperture always wins. The wider the lens or mirror built into the instrument, the brighter and more detailed views will be – though of course larger telescopes cost more. Beginners will enjoy smaller instruments – say, a 90mm refractor – and even advanced amateurs appreciate their portability, but you might get “aperture fever” very quickly, and want to upgrade to an 8- or 10in telescope. When you’re hooked, you’re hooked.
And urbanites shouldn’t despair that their neighbourhoods are flooded with artificial glow. Though light pollution is rampant, having virtually erased the Milky Way for most of us, many popular celestial targets, including Earth's moon, Jupiter, Saturn, Mars and the Orion Nebula can be enjoyed in light-polluted skies. You may even be able to discern galaxies and dimmer nebula, with some work. Astronomy also makes a good excuse for a field trip out of town. Just pack up your scope and head for darker pastures.
First, however, you have to gear up. Here are six telescopes that should provide effortless exploration for years to come.
(Celestron Telescopes)
Celestron Cosmos 90GT WiFi Telescope
Wi-fi is in everything these days, and telescopes have received the message. When this compact, affordable 90mm refractor debuted earlier this year, it was the world’s first completely wireless computerised telescope. Simply connect your Apple iOS or Android device, hold it up in the sky and use the custom Celestron app to find targets you wish to investigate, and then tap on the screen to send the scope in the desired direction. No struggling with cables in the dark, and no need for an onboard GPS in the telescope – your own device tells the instrument where it’s sitting on the planet. The 90GT comes with two eyepieces for wide-angle and zoom-in views. ($400; celestron.com )
(Celestron Telescopes)
Celestron NexStar Evolution 6
If aperture fever grabs you, consider Celestron’s step up from the 90GT, the Evolution 6. Also wi-fi-equipped, this telescope uses a 6in mirror-and-lens system to maximise light-grasp. The extra acreage grabs more detail out of dimmer objects, such as nebulae and faint galaxies. It’s the first consumer telescope to use a built-in lithium-ion battery, so there’s no need to run power cables or carry extra batteries, given this will run for up to 10 hours on a single charge. If you start dabbling in astrophotography, you’ll appreciate the steadier, more advanced tracking this scope brings. ($1,200; celestron.com )
(Orion Telescopes)
Orion StarSeeker III 130mm GoTo Reflector Telescope
Orion’s 5in reflector uses two mirrors to magnify the sky, and its short focal length brings greater expanses of cosmic real estate into view. The telescope’s hand controller lets a user tour highlights visible on any given night, and its optics are sharp enough to pull in astounding detail on lunar craters or the moons of Jupiter. Care to share the excitement? Attach your smartphone to the eyepiece (via Orion’s optional accessory) and fire off some Instagram-worthy imagery. ($500; telescope.com )
(iOptron)
iOptron SmartStar Cube-E R80
This entry-level telescope is ultra-compact and portable – and ultra-affordable. The 80mm refractor may not produce images on a par with bigger scopes, but it will still capture the major jewels beautifully. The rings of Saturn, moons of Jupiter, clouds of Mars and hundreds of nebulae and globular clusters are within this scope’s reach. Plus, the crisp LCD screen on the hand controller, along with the well-organised menus, make it one of the most intuitive interfaces of any telescope, irrespective of price. ($315, ioptron.com )
(Sky-Watcher Telescopes)
Sky-Watcher ProED 80mm on AllView Mount
Though also with 80mm of aperture, this scope features a boost in optical quality and mount versatility. The glass in this refractor is apochromatic, meaning it minimises distortion and colour flaws to nearly imperceptible levels. The result is a beautiful, crisp image, and thanks to the tracking capabilities of the mount, there is plenty of room for experimentation with DSLR astrophotography. That mount, by the way, has a few additional tricks up its sleeve: pop off the scope and use it as a motorised panning mount for terrestrial videography, time-lapse photography or long-exposure DSLR imaging of the night sky using one of your own camera lenses. ($900, skywatcherusa.com )
(Obsession Telescopes)
Obsession Telescopes 12.5-inch Dobsonian
OK, if you want to truly blow your mind and those of everyone in your immediate vicinity, roll out this enormous, 12.5in-aperture telescope. Its gigantic, precision-ground and coated mirror will make the faintest galaxies spring to life, and will make Jupiter seem right next door. The simple beauty of the Dobsonian design is in the mount – you can hand-guide it easily, or deploy the optional ServoCAT computerised go-to system. ($6,700 with GoTo system, obsessiontelescopes.com )
Or, skip the computer control and go old-school astro...
As fun as it can be to watch your telescope slew automatically to Saturn, over-reliance on go-to technology can slow your learning process, just as using GPS at all times limits your ability to learn routes on the road. A simple manual telescope on an alt-az mount – that is, one that moves only side to side and up and down – may be all you need. A few things to keep in mind:
You’re the computer. To find your way, snag a star map and a daily guide to celestial highlights. Buy a planisphere – a “star wheel” that shows where the constellations are on any given night ( skymaps.com has good ones)—and go to Sky and Telescope magazine’s daily highlight page to see what’s worth seeking out that particular night. Also, use a red-dot finder to help you aim the telescopes. These small, inexpensive devices are simply open cylinders with a glass disk embedded within, onto which a red LED dot is projected. Align the finder on terrestrial items first – distant lampposts and such – and then aim for the heavens.
Low magnification is best. If you’re not tracking with the computer, objects will drift out of the field of view quickly as the Earth rotates. Use lower power – anywhere from 10x to 50x – to help targets stay in view longer. Low power also facilitates the finding of targets in the first place. If you want to zoom in tight, a tracking scope may be your best bet.
Some mounts slow a stargazer down. Many inexpensive telescopes are packaged on complicated German equatorial mounts – gangly contraptions with counterweights hanging from them. These mounts, while fun to look at, require meticulous alignment and offer little benefit unless they are motorised, or if there’s a more experienced gazer in the vicinity. Stick with alt-az mounts.
Choose your weapon. Non-computerised scopes are simpler and less expensive. Each of the manufacturers above manufacture non-computerised variants of their telescopes, from 3in-aperture refractors up to 16in monsters – or larger. Once you get the hang of where things hang in the sky, any of these will provide eye-opening views.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Nike accuses former shoe designers of taking secrets to AdidasNike accuses former shoe designers of taking secrets to Adidas
The company logo of Nike is shown at the U.S. Olympic athletics trials in Eugene
Mike Blake Reuters,
0
A lawsuit filed in Oregon where Nike is headquartered claims at least $10 million in damages. The world's largest sportswear maker said the former designers, Marc Dolce, Mark Miner, and senior design director Denis Dekovic, started consulting for Adidas while still working at the company, violating their non-compete agreements.
Nike said the designers hatched their plan last April, and pitched Adidas on a design studio that would help craft products while also bringing Adidas information about Nike's plans for the next few years in its running, sportswear and soccer lines.
The plans for the studio were essentially for a knockoff of Nike's own design lab, called the Kitchen, according to the complaint.
Adidas bought the studio idea and offered the designers lucrative employment contracts, Nike said. The project, called the Brooklyn Creative Design Studio, is set to open early next year.
An Adidas representative said the company attracts top talent and has "no interest in old work or past assignments."
Nike's spokesman declined to comment further on the case, but said the company will "vigorously" protect its intellectual property.
Before leaving Nike, the complaint alleged, the designers copied sensitive design and business documents from their computers, including drawings for an unreleased shoe made for one of Nike's sponsored athletes.
The suit accused the designers of trying to hide their tracks by erasing incriminating emails and text messages from their work-issued cellphones and laptops.
Nike also claimed that Adidas knew of the non-compete agreements and promised to pay for any legal fallout. The agreements barred the designers from any connection with Adidas during their employment and for one year after.
The case is Nike, Inc v Denis Dekovic, Marc Dolce, and Mark Miner, in the Circuit Court of the State of Oregon for the County of Multnomah, No. 14-cv-18876.
(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Lisa Shumaker)

US Republicans face NSA dilemmaUS Republicans face NSA dilemma
Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68ad903c-6fa9-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF warns Ukraine bailout faces collapseIMF warns Ukraine bailout at risk of collapse
Peter Spiegel in Brussels and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a3efede-7fc5-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JPMorgan faces $22bn hole in Fed rulesJPMorgan faces $22bn capital hole under new Fed rules
Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a4fa768-7fd8-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yens decline seen as long-term trend© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c698937e-7f6f-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yens rebound enters second dayYen’s rebound enters second day
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6452c6d8-7f7b-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Robots  the ghost in the machine gets smarter© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ced4a81c-6a88-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KPMG reports record revenuesKPMG reports record revenues, but flags challenges in Asia
Emma Dunkley — London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65075d80-7fc3-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The collapse of Ukraine must be haltedNovember 30, 2014 7:13 pm
The economic collapse of Ukraine must be halted
The IMF and western donors need to inject $15bn of emergency funding
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91620f78-76f5-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Biden balks at heavy weapons for UkraineBiden promises to support Kiev – but not with heavy weapons
Geoff Dyer in Washington and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b822b5a2-7198-11e4-9048-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chairman of KPMGs Dutch unit resignsMay 12, 2014 10:47 pm
Chairman of KPMG’s Dutch unit resigns
By Sam Fleming, Financial Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d794222-d9f4-11e3-920f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KPMG could lose 1.3m Aberdeen contractKPMG at risk of losing £1.3m Aberdeen contract
By Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb97d0e-7f96-11e3-94d2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fraudsters robots to cost marketers $6bnFraudsters’ robots to cost marketers $6bn
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10d82d76-7fcc-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China November Prices Weaker Than Expected  Deflation Risk RisesYou are here: Home Global Economy
China November Prices Weaker Than Expected, Deflation Risk Rises
Reuters | Updated On: December 10, 2014 09:56 (IST)
Japan's Regional Banks Face Stress Test for Ultra-low Rates
Beijing: China's annual consumer inflation eased to a five-year low of 1.4 per cent in November, signalling persistent weakness in the world's second-largest economy and giving policymakers more room to ease policy to support growth.
Beijing is increasingly concerned about the risk an onset of deflation would pose to an economic recovery that has failed to gain traction despite a swath of reform initiatives intended to restore investor confidence and respark productive business investment.
Analysts polled by Reuters had expected annual consumer inflation to be 1.6 per cent in November, the same as in October.
The consumer price index fell 0.2 per cent in November from October, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Wednesday. The market had expected prices to be flat.
As in previous months, rising food prices did not offset underperformance in non-food items; tobacco and liquor prices dragged as China continued to purge corrupt officials, and transport and communication prices also dropped - partly the result of falling global oil prices.
The producer price index in November fell 2.7 per cent from a year earlier, its 33rd consecutive monthly decline, as sluggish demand at home and abroad continued to tax the pricing power of companies.
The market had expected a 2.4 per cent fall in producer prices after a drop of 2.2 per cent in October.
China also reported a surprise drop in imports and slower than expected growth in imports in November.
Growing deflation risk
The risk of deflation was seen as the primary reason the People's Bank of China (PBOC) conducted an unexpected cut to interest rates on November 21, government sources said.
Regulators are expected to follow up with more monetary easing that may include a potential 0.5 percentage point cut to bank reserve requirement ratios, which would pour an estimated 2.37 trillion yuan ($383.2 billion) of new base money into the system.
Such an injection would certainly give banks more capital to lend, especially if combined with regulatory adjustments to the way loan-to-deposit ratios are calculated as regulators have suggested is likely.
It would keep at bay any further deflationary pressure, but it would also facilitate the potential reflation of asset bubbles in property, industrial capacity, and stocks.
Indeed, domestic stock markets are already pricing in the likelihood of such a move, analysts say. Domestic stock indexes are up more than 30 per cent since the interest rate cut, although China experienced a massive correction on Tuesday.
"Although this may cause some to worry about deflation risks, we don't think it is a major cause for concern," wrote Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a research note.
"Industrial input costs are falling, on the back of lower commodity prices, but the factory gate price of final consumption goods has remained broadly flat and so many firms are actually better off. Looking forward, we expect price pressures to moderate further going into next year."
Money markets have not reacted positively to the interest rate cut, which economists say supports arguments for cutting RRR, but stock markets have been cheered by the prospect of more liquidity although gains were curbed after the inflation data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Skattum to rejoin JPMorgan in EuropeDag Skattum to rejoin JPMorgan in Europe
Ed Hammond and Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ff604ce-6e73-11e4-bffb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JPMorgan still in physical commoditiesJPMorgan has not ‘exited physical commodities’ despite sale
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00a2ae9e-60e7-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CGN Power surges on debutDecember 10, 2014 4:55 am
CGN Power surges on debut
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5bc0116-801b-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Web powers non-profits seeking donations© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f687e13a-7564-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AT&T upbeat over PM Modis Digital India pro...You are here: Home > Collections > E-governance
AT&T upbeat over Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Digital India project
Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 05.24PM IST
Tags:
AT&T
(“The two programmes have…)
NEW DELHI: US-based telecom major AT&T says the Narendra Modi government's 'Digital India' and 'Make in India' campaigns have "tremendous potential" that could transform the country's telecom sector.
"The two programmes have tremendous potential of bringing far reaching and structural changes in India's telecom sector," AT&T Global Network Services India managing director Sanjiv Bhagat told ET. "The entire investor community is eagerly following the implementation of these programmes."
Bhagat said 'Digital India' and 'Make in India' have the ability to drive e-governance services to the next level. "A rapid shift in the planning and policy making process from India's successful effort of spreading voice telephony, to a digital society, which is driven by data and videos, will help address several challenges," he said, adding that proliferation of data and video usage would be key to the 'Digital India' initiative.
'Digital India' is an umbrella programme that envisages broadband highways, universal access to mobile connectivity, public Internet access and electronic delivery of services, and a robust electronic manufacturing regime.
The Modi government's digital drive, which has an initial outlay of Rs 113,000 crore, aims to transform India into a digitally-empowered knowledge economy by 2018 with a slew of e-services, which include the existing national e-governance (NeGP) plan.
Bullish over India's growth story, Bhagat said the future will enable end users to experience revolutionary technologies for the first time and give them a host of benefits to choose from to enrich their mobile experience.
AT&T was first to obtain international long distance (ILD), national long distance (NLD) and ISP licences in India in April 2006. It currently provides global virtual private network connectivity and business applications to multinational customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Himachal police alerts Interpol  immigration authorities after idoltheftWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla/dharamshala |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:10 pm
Himachal Pradesh police on December 10 alerted Interpol and immigration authorities about theft of priceless and revered idol of Lord Raghunath from Kullu temple.
The state government also announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh for anyone giving any clue about the theft that could led to recovery of the idol and other stolen articles.
The police, which has set-up a six member Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by Nihal Chand, Additional SP Kullu, have launched a major manhunt to nab the thieves and other persons involved in the theft.
Additional Director General of Police (Law and Order) Sanjay Kundu, who is camping at Kullu, told the Indian Express, “Police are working on some different leads including monitoring of telephone details of some suspects .We have persons experts in different fields in the SIT to collectively investigate the case.”
There is still a sense of disbelief and shock in Kullu about the theft as the police suspect involvement of some persons who had information about lack of security at the temple during the night hours.
Maheshwar Singh, sitting MLA and Chief kardar (servant ) of Lord Raghunath – which is a presiding deity of historic Kullu Dussehra – had claimed that the burglars have adopted the same modus operandi as they did in January 2014 when an aborted attempt was made to steal the idol.
“We are looking into the earlier case also and it could also provide them vital clues “, said DGP Sanjay Kumar.

http://usat.ly/1BylpVhAP
Q: Is new leadership what Abercrombie & Fitch needs?
A: Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF) used to get attention for provocative catalogs. But now it’s drawing eyeballs for its disappointing stock performance. Investors are hoping a new CEO might help.
It’s been years since A&F has been the moonshot stock that allowed investors to profit from the fashion tastes of teens. And this year, the stock is down more than 20% as the company struggles to find a new formula that works.  In the just-completed quarter ended in November, the teen apparel seller reported 12% lower revenue of $911.5 million. And it wasn’t much better in the previous quarter ended in August when revenue declined nearly 6% to $890.6 million. Some hope that the sudden retirement of long-time CEO Michael Jeffries is the change that’s needed. Jeffries has been CEO of the company since 1992 and many analysts expected him to step down, says John Morris, analyst at BMO Capital Markets. Morris was a bit surprised at the timing since Jeffries’ contract didn’t expire until February. Filling the CEO position at A&F will likely take time as several specialty apparel makers have been searching for CEOs already, Morris says. “New blood at the helm should be a positive,” Morris says, but the “pace of change will be gradual.”
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

PSU officers body seeks right of participation in decision makingPSU officers’ body seeks right of participation in decision making
V. Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Dec 10:  
Joint Forum of Public Sector Officers Association has sought a right of participation in government’s decision making process, as in the case of chambers of private businesses.
According to K. Ashok Rao, Convenor, Joint Forum, the public sector enterprises have built the basic infrastructure and provided goods and services to rural and marginalised section either through cross subsidy or at a loss. Without the public sector, he said there is a serious danger that only elite class will have the access to goods and services.
He pointed out that “profits are being privatised and losses nationalised” in every sector. This is putting a strain on the public sector and is unsustainable.  
Today public enterprises are being disinvested to meet the short term fiscal deficit, resulting in draining of its reserves. This has rendered them unable to withstand the competition from the private sector, he said, citing enterprises like BSNL/MTNL/Air India as examples of policy driven destruction.
He also referred to the case of public sector banks where the managements are wilfully ignoring the mounting non-performing assets.  
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

http://ti.me/1yzKTeLSocial Reactions
The Choice
They risked and persisted, sacrificed and saved. Editor Nancy Gibbs explains why the Ebola Fighters are TIME's choice for Person of the Year 2014
Dec. 10, 2014
By Nancy Gibbs
Not the glittering weapon fights the fight, says the proverb, but rather the hero’s heart.
Maybe this is true in any battle; it is surely true of a war that is waged with bleach and a prayer.
For decades, Ebola haunted rural African villages like some mythic monster that every few years rose to demand a human sacrifice and then returned to its cave. It reached the West only in nightmare form, a Hollywood horror that makes eyes bleed and organs dissolve and doctors despair because they have no cure.
But 2014 is the year an outbreak turned into an epidemic, powered by the very progress that has paved roads and raised cities and lifted millions out of poverty. This time it reached crowded slums in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone; it traveled to Nigeria and Mali, to Spain, Germany and the U.S. It struck doctors and nurses in unprecedented numbers, wiping out a public-health infrastructure that was weak in the first place. One August day in Liberia, six pregnant women lost their babies when hospitals couldn’t admit them for complications. Anyone willing to treat Ebola victims ran the risk of becoming one.
Which brings us to the hero’s heart. There was little to stop the disease from spreading further. Governments weren’t equipped to respond; the World Health Organization was in denial and snarled in red tape. First responders were accused of crying wolf, even as the danger grew. But the people in the field, the special forces of Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), the Christian medical-relief workers of Samaritan’s Purse and many others from all over the world fought side by side with local doctors and nurses, ambulance drivers and burial teams.
Ask what drove them and some talk about God; some about country; some about the instinct to run into the fire, not away. “If someone from America comes to help my people, and someone from Uganda,” says Iris Martor, a Liberian nurse, “then why can’t I?” Foday Gallah, an ambulance driver who survived infection, calls his immunity a holy gift. “I want to give my blood so a lot of people can be saved,” he says. “I am going to fight Ebola with all of my might.”
MSF nurse’s assistant Salome Karwah stayed at the bedsides of patients, bathing and feeding them, even after losing both her parents—who ran a medical clinic—in a single week and surviving Ebola herself. “It looked like God gave me a second chance to help others,” she says. Tiny children watched their families die, and no one could so much as hug them, because hugs could kill. “You see people facing death without their loved ones, only with people in space suits,” says MSF president Dr. Joanne Liu. “You should not die alone with space-suit men.”
Those who contracted the disease encountered pain like they had never known. “It hurts like they are busting your head with an ax,” Karwah says. One doctor overheard his funeral being planned. Asked if surviving Ebola changed him, Dr. Kent Brantly turns the question around. “I still have the same flaws that I did before,” he says. “But whenever we go through a devastating experience like what I’ve been through, it is an incredible opportunity for redemption of something. We can say, How can I be better now because of what I’ve been through? To not do that is kind of a shame.”
So that is the next challenge: What will we do with what we’ve learned? This was a test of the world’s ability to respond to potential pandemics, and it did not go well. It exposed corruption in African governments along with complacency in Western capitals and jealousy among competing bureaucrats. It triggered mistrust from Monrovia to Manhattan. Each week brought new puzzles. How do you secure a country, beyond taking passengers’ temperatures at the airport? Who has the power to order citizens to stay home, to post a guard outside their door? What will it take to develop treatments for diseases largely confined to poor nations, even as this Ebola outbreak had taken far more lives by mid-October than all the earlier ones combined?
The death in Dallas of Thomas Eric Duncan, the first Ebola patient diagnosed on U.S. soil, and the infection of two nurses who treated him, shook our faith in the ability of U.S. hospitals to handle this kind of disease. From there the road to full freak-out was a short one. An Ohio middle school closed because an employee had flown on the same plane as one of Duncan’s nurses. Not the same flight, just the same plane. A Texas college rejected applicants from Nigeria, since that country had some “confirmed Ebola cases.” A Maine schoolteacher had to take a three-week leave because she went to a teachers’ conference in Dallas. Fear, too, was global. When a nurse in Spain contracted Ebola from a priest, Spanish authorities killed her dog as a precaution, while #VamosAMorirTodos (We’re all going to die) trended on Twitter. Guests at a hotel in Macedonia were trapped in their rooms for days after a British guest got sick and died. Turned out to have nothing to do with Ebola.
The problem with irrational responses is that they can cloud the need for rational ones. Just when the world needed more medical volunteers, the price of serving soared. When nurse Kaci Hickox, returning from a stint with MSF in Sierra Leone with no symptoms and a negative blood test, was quarantined in a tent in Newark, N.J., by a combustible governor, it forced a reckoning. “It is crazy we are spending so much time having this debate about how to safely monitor people coming back from Ebola-endemic countries,” says Hickox, “when the one thing we can do to protect the population is to stop the outbreak in West Africa.”
Ebola is a war, and a warning. The global health system is nowhere close to strong enough to keep us safe from infectious disease, and “us” means everyone, not just those in faraway places where this is one threat among many that claim lives every day. The rest of the world can sleep at night because a group of men and women are willing to stand and fight. For tireless acts of courage and mercy, for buying the world time to boost its defenses, for risking, for persisting, for sacrificing and saving, the Ebola fighters are TIME’s 2014 Person of the Year.
Read more:

http://twitter.com/TIME/...http://twitter.com/time/...
Attempted suicide no longer punishable by prison:GovtIrom Sharmila (left) has been on hunger strike in protest against army atrocities in the northeastern state of Manipur.(Source: Deepak Shijagurumayum)
By: Reuters | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:58 pm
India on December 10 dropped attempted suicide from a list of crimes punishable by prison, potentially paving the way for the release of a human rights activist who has been on hunger strike for the past 14 years.
The government informed parliament of its decision in a written reply from the home ministry on Wednesday, saying it was acting on a recommendation of the Law Commission.
The government panel for legal reform had deemed the suicide law “anachronistic” and “undesirable” in a 2008 report.
Irom Sharmila has been on hunger strike in protest against army atrocities in the northeastern Indian state of Manipur. Under the old law anyone attempting to kill themselves is liable for a jail term of a year.
She has been under detention throughout her fast, and is force-fed by tubes several times a day.
The World Health Organization has listed India as one of the countries with the highest suicide rates – 21.1 per 100,000 people in 2012.
The Indian government said 134,799 people committed suicide in 2013, a rise of 11.9 percent over the previous year. There was no data on the number of attempted suicides, it said.
More than 800,000 people each year worldwide commit suicide – around one person every 40 seconds – WHO said in September.

Mizoram: 260 logs of seized red sandalwood goes missing from customsstationBy: Express News Service | Aizawl |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:48 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 7:07 pm
A two-pronged investigation has been launched after close to 260 logs of seized red sandalwood went missing from within the Central Customs’ border station building just a few meters away from the Indo-Myanmar border in eastern Mizoram.
A total of 272 red sandalwood logs (which weighed more than 6.2 metric tons and was worth more than Rs 124 lakhs) were seized in April by Customs officials as it was being smuggled into Myanmar through Mizoram.
The seized consignment was kept inside the Zokhawthar Land Custom Station, but almost 95 percent of the stash has disappeared since.
Custom Superintendent T K Sinha submitted a complaint to police about the missing logs in the last week of November, and a departmental inquiry has also been instituted, sources said.
Police have also launched an investigation, with senior officers continuing to visit the site this week.
The Land Custom Station stands in the middle of a roundabout just a few metres from the international border with Myanmar – a Bailey bridge over the Tiau river, which marks the official boundary.
Apart from Customs personnel stationed at the building, security personnel are also almost always present at a police check-gate and a border pillar manned by the Assam Rifles just a few meters away.

Security forces bust NSCN detention camp inNagalandWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:40 pm
Security forces in Nagaland have busted yet another ‘detention camp’ of the NSCN(IM), this time in Jalukie, a town in Peren district, about 127 kms from Kohima, and rescued five persons who were allegedly kept illegally detained there.
“A search operation carried out in a house in Jalukie town led to the discovery of a detention centre run by the NSCN(IM) during which troops of the 18 Assam Rifles rescued five persons who had been abducted by the group for various reasons. The operation, which was conducted on the basis of specific information, found one person bound in iron chains,” a press release issued by the Assam Rifles in Kohima said.
“The rescued persons have been identified as James (32) of Tamenglong (Manipur), Siraj (28) of Jalukie Forest Gate, Izpieu (32) of Jalukie Stadium Colony, Agumbe (21) of Jalukie New Market Colony, and Ranghinglakpe (33) of Ndunglwa (Peren).The detainees were being confined in inhuman and despicable conditions, in gross violation of Human Rights and United Nations Charters,” the press release quoting the Inspector-General of Assam Rifles (North) said. One of them was bound by iron chains and beaten up and another was found detained since September 14, it added.
The Assam Rifles also took into custody eleven cadres of the NSCN(IM)who were found while conducting the search operation, and handed over to the police. They are identified as Asauyenephm (27), Lunglang (22), Khapur Emo (25), Khapur Ewoung (32), Khapur Disong (31), Heideng (65), Razaopeyu Igunraing (28), Leacy Kugiak (35), Along (28), Lungyesing (29), and Abouy (15). Of them the first two claimed to be of the NSCN(IM) intelligence wing, the Assam Rifles said.
“The last named person is only 15 years old, which shows that the NSCN(IM) is also resorting to the use of child soldiers which is again in contravention to the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child,” the Assam Rifles Inspector-General said.
Two of the 11 apprehended cadres – Khapur Emo and Leacy Kugiak – were only recently release on bail after being arrested on November 14 from Peren for illegal tax collection and extortion, the Assam Rifles stated. While on bail, these cadres again started indulging in unlawful activities and were rearrested, it added.
It was in September that the security forces had busted a similar “detention camp” of the NSCN(IM) near Dimapur and rescued two persons who were under illegal confinement there. Six NSCN(IM) cadres were apprehended in that operation.

Malala  Satyarthi receive their Nobel Peace Prizes for childcampaignsBy: Press Trust of India | Oslo |
Posted: December 10, 2014 6:10 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:28 pm
India’s Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 on Wednesday, sharing it with Pakistan’s Malala Yousafzai , the youngest ever Nobel laureate, for their work on promoting child rights in the troubled sub-continent, where millions are deprived of their childhood and education.
“Satyarthi and Yousafzai are precisely the people whom Alfred Nobel in his will calls ‘champions of peace’,” Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee Thorbjorn Jagland said in his speech before awarding them the prize.
“A young girl and a somewhat older man, one from Pakistan and one from India, one Muslim, the other Hindu; both symbols of what the world needs: more unity. Fraternity between the nations,” he added.
Nobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan holds up her medal during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo (Source: AP)
Satyarthi, 60, who gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run an NGO for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking, and 17-year-old Malala, who survived a near-fatal Taliban attack two years ago with determination advocating education for girls, were named by the Nobel Peace Prize Committee for the prestigious award on October 10.
They received the Nobel medal which is 18 carat green gold plated with 24 carat gold and weighs around 175 grams. They will share USD 1.1 million prize money.
See Pictures: Malala, Satyarthi receive their Nobel Peace Prizes in Oslo
Noting that violence and repression cannot be justified in any religion, Jagland said Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism and Buddhism protect life and cannot be used to take lives.
“The two whom we honour here today stand very firm on this point. They live according to a principle Mahatma Gandhi gave expression to. He said: ‘There are many purposes I would have died for. There are no purposes I would have killed for’,” Jagland said, invoking Mahatma Gandhi.
General view of the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony at the City Hall in Oslo (Source: AP)
Satyarthi’s NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Save Childhood Movement) prides itself on liberating over 80,000 children from bonded labour in factories and workshops across India.
According to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) there are about 168 million child labourers globally. There are roughly 60 million child labourers in India alone.
Malala, who was nominated in the peace prize category last year also, had displayed tremendous courage even after the Taliban attack when she resolutely expressed her determination to carry on with her campaign for child rights and girls education especially in a country like Pakistan.
Nobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan, right, and Kailash Satyarthi of India take their seats during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo (Source: AP)
Speaking after receiving the award, Satyarthi asked audience to feel the child inside them and said the crime against children has no place in a civilised society.
“Children are questioning our inaction and watching our action,” he said, adding that all religion teach to take care of children.
Noting that the number of child labour has been reduced by a third, Satyarthi said, “My dream is to make every child free to develop…There is no greater violence than to deny the dreams of children.”
Recounting his experience with the unprivileged people, he said, “I am representing the sound of silence of millions of children who are left behind.”
“The credit to this honour goes to people who worked and sacrificed for freeing children,” he said.
Famed Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Indian musician Amjad Ali Khan performed at the award ceremony.
Pakistan’s former prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani was among those present on the occasion.
 

http://usat.ly/1Da26DtOPEC slashes oil production estimate; crude slumps again
OPEC says 2015 demand will be weakest in 12 years
Post to Facebook
OPEC slashes oil production estimate; crude slumps again OPEC says 2015 demand will be weakest in 12 years Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1Da0wS9
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
134
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
OPEC slashes oil production estimate; crude slumps again
John Waggoner and Gary Strauss , USA TODAY 4:46 p.m. EST December 10, 2014
This April 26, 2013, file photo shows the West Hercules drilling rig in the Skaanevik fjord in western Norway.
(Photo: Statoil, AP)
858 CONNECT 145 TWEET 97 LINKEDIN 134 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Crude oil prices hit fresh five- year lows Wednesday after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) slashed estimates over how much crude it will need to produce in 2015, thanks to burgeoning supply from North America and other rising producers.
OPEC lowered its projection for 2015 production to 28.9 million barrels a day, or about 300,000 fewer than previously forecast, and a 12-year low, according to Bloomberg . That's about 1.15 million barrels a day less than the cartel pumped last month, when OPEC left unchanged its 30 million barrel daily production quota.
Benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude oil for mid-January delivery settled down 3.9% to $61.36, off its lows for the day, while Brent crude slipped 3.3% to $64.62. The selloff propelled energy stocks to another round of steep losses that cascaded over to the broad market, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average sinking 268 points (1.5%) to 17,533, the Standard & Poors 500 slumping 1.6% to 2,026 and the NASDAQ composite tanking 1.7% to 4,684.
The steep decline in crude price raises fears that small exploration and production companies could go out of business if the prices fall too low. And that, in turn, could cause turmoil among those who are lending to them: Junk-bond purchasers and smaller banks.
Still, some see positives in oil's slump, which has pushed prices down more than 40% from its 2014, June peak. Wholesale gas prices fell 4% to $1.65, which likely means another drop in pump prices, now averaging $2.64 a gallon nationally, vs. $3.26 a year ago.
"The drop in oil prices is good," says Russ Koesterich, chief investment strategist for BlackRock. "It's the rate of decline that's scaring people."
The plunge in oil prices has made some — most notably Bank of America Merrill Lynch's commodity chief Francisco Blanch — declare the OPEC cartel "effectively dissolved," according to the U.K.'s Telegraph.
OPEC declared an oil embargo on the United States in 1973, quadrupling the cost of oil in response to U.S. aid to Israel during the Yom Kippur War.
The news is bad for high-cost producing countries, such as Venezuela, and for oil companies, such as British Petroleum, which announced Wednesday that it will spend about $1 billion in restructuring next year and lay off hundreds of workers. Low prices could also make new oil extraction technologies, such as fracking, less profitable.
Energy stocks, however, could face more hammering. Among big-name stocks, Exxon Mobil XOM fell 3% to $88.67; Occidental Petroleum fell 3% to $75.14, Chevron lost 2% to $104.86 and ConocoPhillips fell 2% to $63.54.
858 CONNECT 145 TWEET 97 LINKEDIN 134 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Da0wS9
USA NOW
Spider-dog, devil baby scared us silly on YouTube in 2014
Jan 01, 2015

http://usat.ly/1BypyZuBlackRock's Rieder: Rate hike fears 'overblown'
Adam Shell, USA TODAY 9:28 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Rick Rieder of BlackRock talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about federal fund rates and bond recommendations for 2015 at USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
The annual USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributor  Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of Fundamental Fixed Income at BlackRock, in New York on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
6 CONNECT 51 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Federal Reserve will start hiking short-term interest rates in 2015, but the transition to higher borrowing costs won't lead to massive turbulence in the bond market or cause yields on longer-term bonds to skyrocket as many on Wall Street fear, predicts Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock, speaking at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable.
One of the big financial stories in 2015 will be the start of the Fed's move to normalize historically low rates and continue to pare back stimulus. The U.S. central bank, led by chair Janet Yellen, ended its market-friendly bond-buying program in October. And now, with the job market healing and unemployment, currently at 5.8%, expected to sink further, the Fed is expected to begin raising short-term rates for the first time since 2006. Rieder, who oversees $680 billion in assets, predicts Yellen will boost the Fed funds rate, now pegged at 0% to 0.25%, to 1%.
(On Wednesday, USA TODAY rolls out the third installment of its "Investment Roundtable" coverage with insights on the big-picture outlook for the U.S. stock market in 2015 from Savita Subramanian, head of U.S. equity & quantitative strategy at BofA Merrill Lynch.)
5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
Unlike some doomsayers, Rieder, one of four top Wall Street investment strategists and money managers who sat down with USA TODAY on Dec. 5 to draw a roadmap of where financial markets are headed in 2015, struck a less ominous tone on how markets would react to a less-accommodative Fed.
For one, he downplayed a bursting of what many pundits say is a bubble in the bond market.
Rick Rieder, Managing Director, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
"The bond bubble story started about five years ago," Rieder says. "But the reason why bubbles burst is you have too much supply relative to demand. But today in the interest rate and fixed-income world you have a dynamic where you have too much demand relative to supply. And that is the inverse of what a bubble is."
The reason: In today's world most countries are deleveraging, or paying down debt or borrowing less. That translates to less leverage in the system."So what happens," Rieder says, "is you don't produce enough fixed income assets."
* What's the call?
"I think the concept, that when the Fed starts moving that it is going to be a problem for markets, is dramatically overblown," says Rieder, who manages three bond funds for BlackRock, including its Total Return Fund, its Strategic Income Opportunities Fund and Core Bond Fund. "We think that we will be in a low-rate dynamic for a very long time."
Investors, he argues, have to put the Fed's coming policy change into perspective. One thing to remember is that the coming rate-hike cycle is starting from a very low base.
"We are at 0% on the Fed funds rate, and a 0% rate suggests emergency conditions," Rieder explains. "But we are far from emergency conditions. U.S. GDP growth the last two quarters has come in at around 4%  or higher."
* What will move the market?
When it comes to Fed rate hikes, investors must pay attention to three things: the speed at which they move, the pace of the hikes and the final destination, or how high rates will be when they are done, Rieder says.
On the question of speed, Rieder expects the first rate hike in June but adds that the "window is open for them to move faster than that." But the total hike next year won't be huge, he stresses.
"When they move they will move to a 1% Fed funds rate, which on a historic basis is an incredibly low and incredibly accommodative policy."
Video Keywords Federal Reserve the Fed interest rates funds rate accommodative policy
Rick Rieder, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock, speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  You know your your part of the market is going
00:04  to be where people say a lot of the action will
00:06  be next here obviously the bond market. You know we're looking
00:10  at a big change Federal Reserve has not raise interest rates
00:14  since 2006. You know you're QE program which is the bond
00:17  buying bond buying program is thirty and it. So a lot
00:20  of people you know that stimulus was in the pipeline for
00:23  very long time now that that's the liquidity starting to move
00:27  out. And what's your general take I mean. From what I've
00:30  been reading in oak. Opening a lot of the commentaries on
00:33  the site it's Armageddon at this this this this first fed
00:36  rate hike whenever it comes is going to be in the
00:38  end the financial markets as we know what it is that
00:40  overblown or. What what's your general take on really sure what's
00:44  gonna happen here and how you know it you implement shall
00:47  it will be on markets and important in terms of turbulent.
00:50  So I think the concept of the Fed starts moving and
00:53  it's going to be a problem for markets as dramatically overblown
00:55  I think the which have to put some perspective on how
00:58  this further is gonna move and where we are from rape
01:01  or them perspective today. They where where does your percent fundraiser
01:04  percent funds or it's just emergency conditions. We are so far
01:08  from emergency conditions you you have GDP last two quarters GDP
01:11  over 4%. That's an emergency conditions if you have a fire
01:15  that you think about where this further is gonna go. And
01:17  their three ways that the Fed can move rates it's the
01:19  speed at which they move it's the pace and the destination.
01:23  Very important we think they could move faster we thank we
01:26  think they're gonna move in June. I think the windows open
01:28  from the new faster than that. That being said when they
01:31  move they're gonna move to a 1% funds rate on a
01:33  historic basis 1% is an incredibly low incredibly accommodative policy it's
01:37  not plate and it's incredibly accommodative. Then there about the pace
01:41  we think they're gonna go. Keep it under 2% for a
01:44  long time and and I think that's a very important point.
01:47  The destination where they're heading we think is ultimately lower than
01:49  it's been historically goes global growth is slowing US growth will
01:52  be slower than it's been historically. So we think the funds
01:55  rate what would be a neutral funds rate that historically it's
01:58  been 4% is under that tonight. So meaning. That rates should
02:02  move up the front end of the yield curve should move
02:04  move up. But the back end of the yield curve long
02:07  and interest rates should stay very well contained and that. Is
02:10  much more important in today's markets than the front end of
02:12  the yield curve the reason why the taper tantrum. Last year
02:15  or so devastated markets is because it was long and interest
02:18  rates have moved so much. When we start moving now it's
02:21  going to be short and interest rates that move and economist
02:24  much more sensitive today very different than fifteen years ago where
02:27  long and interest rates go.
When it comes to the pace of the hikes, Rieder thinks the Fed will keep rates "under 2% for a long time – for at least a number of years."
Most important, Rieder thinks that due to slower economic growth in the U.S. than in the past and slower growth abroad, the Fed will keep the Fed funds rate at a lower level for a longer period of time than it has historically.
So, while short rates, or bonds that mature in three or five years, will move up more "significantly," long-term interest rates – which the economy is more sensitive to – "should stay very well contained," Rieder predicts.
He says fair value on the 10-year Treasury note is 2.75% to 2.80%, or roughly half of a percentage point from Monday's closing yield of 2.26%. A move up to fair value next year is likely, he adds. But with 10-year Japanese government bonds yielding less than 0.50% and German 10-year bonds trading at 0.70%, the 10-year Treasury "looks like a steal relative to the other markets," Rieder says.
Rieder says even if the Fed ratchets up short-term rates 0.50% (or 50 basis points) or 0.75% (or 75 basis points), longer-term bonds may only see a bump up in yield of say 0.25% (or 25 basis points).
He cites a few key reasons why long-term interest rates, such as 10-year and 30-year Treasuries, won't  shoot up as dramatically as short-term rates in 2015.
For one, he only expects a "moderate move" higher in short-term rates from the Fed.
Another big factor is the need for fixed-income investments – or consistent streams of income – is bigger than ever due to demographic shifts related to an aging population.
"You have never seen in history a population globally that is aging like it is today, which means the demand for income is truly epic," says Rieder, adding that insurance companies and pension funds also have a tremendous need for income generated from bonds.
Finally, the fact that many central banks around the world, including the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan are simultaneously buying assets or doing their own form of Fed-style bond-buying known as quantitative easing, or QE, will also help "keep interest rates down for a long time."
Says Rieder: "Rates will move up, but it is very hard for rates to move up that much because of this aging population, because of the need for income and because of where the other central banks around the world are moving."
Still, despite his less bearish callr, Rieder won't rule out a tough year for bond investors, nor the possibility of investors suffering negative returns in the bond portion of their portfolios.
Diversification is key, he stresses.
"You can have zero returns or moderately negative returns in a traditional fixed-income portfolio," he says. "That is why we are big believers, that going into 2015, you have to be flexible, you have to be tactical about where you find your interest rate opportunities, and also look to take your interest rate risks in other parts of the world that are not growing as quickly as the U.S. is."
* What's the biggest risk?
With central bankers in the eurozone and Japan stimulating their economies with easy-money policies, there is a risk that monetary policy alone won't work and demand for goods and services won't pick up, Rieder warns. The right fiscal policies must also be implemented, he adds.
"Monetary policy just buys you time," Rieder says. "If the markets get a sense that it is not working, and it is just buying time and (there are) no fiscal initiatives or no real growth, then all of the markets will start to turn down."
Rieder also warns that investors that are are all crowding into many of the same trades might be at risk.
"Everybody is long the dollar, everybody is short U.S. interest rates and long European front-end interest rates," he says.
To avoid getting hurt in those trades in the event they reverse and the tide quickly moves in the other direction, Rieder says: "You have to diversify like crazy."
* Bonds to watch?
Rieder likes long-dated municipal bonds. Depending on the state one lives in, an investor can get a tax-adjusted yield of 7% to 8%.
Video Keywords Federal Reserve Bank of Japan the Fed interest rates MetLife insurance companies pension rising bond Fixed income portfolio Japan
Rick Rieder, Managing Director, chief investment officer for fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., speaks at USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  On the tape pretension obviously can't pretend to ms. markets.
00:06  Kind of got upset. Or kind of uneasy and when the
00:10  Fed starts to extract some of you the bond buying purchases
00:14  that take it you take an app market. Thought I don't
00:18  actually remove on you. They're there is a possibility of course
00:23  you know we're in. A yield star world people are still
00:26  looking to get the game yields. But we all know and
00:29  rates rise as though also open the possibility. Bond investors perhaps
00:34  suffering that your you know negative return deal what are the
00:37  odds the possibility of people who are already looking for yield
00:39  may may be getting negative returns as your number one. And
00:43  number two just explain for you a general audience you know
00:45  how rising bond yields you know ends up you know hurting
00:49  them in the total return pack. So that's a that's as
00:53  a loan has long set of Lou one requires one set
00:56  of answers so we're there are few things to think about
00:58  one. Is is when we start moving in and as a
01:02  term of before you're gonna have a moderate move from the
01:04  Federal Reserve your thing I think is incredibly important you've never
01:07  seen in history. A population globally that's aging like it is
01:11  today which means the demand for income. It's truly epic we've
01:15  never seen this before you have to MetLife insurance companies pension
01:18  funds. There are a function of an aging population tremendous need
01:22  for income and then simultaneously. Of other central banks around the
01:26  world ECB the Bank of Japan. That are that are bought
01:29  it buying assets of the doing their own form of Huey.
01:32  And are gonna keep interest rates down for a long time
01:34  so the sum is very important think about in this in
01:37  this context. That rates will move up when it's very hard
01:40  for rates to move all that much because of this aging
01:43  population because the need for income. Because of where other central
01:46  banks around the world are moving so what happened. Is a
01:48  yield curve the front into the you'll privilege being distorted and
01:51  this frontman is in a short terms short term rates so
01:54  it's a three years and him. If five years and and
01:57  is where you'll start to see race that a move higher
01:59  significantly. Again exact opposite of last year. Where you were taking
02:03  85 billion dollars out of the marketplace through quantitative easing in
02:07  the long into the marketplace. Now what's going to be short
02:10  term interest or second mover so let's say short term interest
02:12  rates move up. And you move fifty to 75 basis points
02:15  higher the long and they only move up 25 basis points
02:19  or so. So you can have and what what many investors
02:22  will see in a traditional. Fixed income portfolio. If you can
02:25  have seen your returns you can have moderately negative returns and
02:28  that's certainly out there a part of what we're big believers
02:31  going in the fifteen. You have to be flexible be tactical
02:34  about where you find your interest and opportunities. And I'm also
02:37  look to take your interest rate risk and other parts of
02:39  the world that are not growing as quickly as the US's.
6 CONNECT 51 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AbcdCf
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

Dabur - An FMCG story backed by a fast moving IT solutionSubmit
I would like to receive communication from Microsoft
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about moneycontrol.com privacy statement click here
Want to give your business a technological edge?
We will tell you how

Sizing up real S&P heavyweightssizing up real s&p heavyweights
BlackRock buys into South Koreas CoupangBlackRock buys into South Korea’s Coupang
Simon Mundy in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/571fe798-8039-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top-most priority of MHRD should be student and school assessmentsThe top-most priority of MHRD should be student and school assessments
Abhishek Bhattacharya        Last Updated: November 28, 2014  | 13:18 IST
Abhishek Bhattacharya, student of Post Graduate Programme (PGP) at the Indian School of Business - PGP Co2015
While our budget was discussed and debated threadbare, a little known allocation of Rs 30 crore for school assessments almost went unnoticed. Why is it crucial and what makes it important in improving school education ?
India's children are going to school but they are certainly not learning. Quoting from the ASER 2013 report for the umpteenth time, here are some statistics:
- The proportion of Std 3 children who can read Std 1 text is just about two-fifths. Similarly, the proportion of Std 5 children who can read Std 2 text is less than half;
- The proportion of children in Std 5 who could solve a Std 3 division problem was about a quarter;
- The worst part is that we aren't showing any overall improvement in either reading or arithmetic.
It's a national shame staring at our face. The need of the hour is a strong focus on learning outcomes. And, the first step is to assess our children to see where they stand. Turning away from the eye of failure, like we pulled out of PISA after appearing second from bottom in its 2009 survey, isn't going to help. Unless we assess, we can't learn where we stand and we will forever be away from reform. Internationally, several countries test their children in annual surveys. For example, the Annual National
Assessment in South Africa assesses all its learners from grade 1-6 and grade 9 to improve the quality of performance.
Gujarat is one of the foremost states to incorporate student and school assessments in the RTE [Right to Education] rules and now it has been four years since children of classes 2-8 have been assessed under the Gunotsav programme. The same focus is visible now under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's leadership with the central government allocating Rs 30 crore for school assessments in this year's budget. This programme will assess schools on various parameters such as student learning outcomes, quality of teaching by teachers, student co-scholastic learning outcomes, etc., and publicly grade each school and make the information available to the public. While the amount may appear small, it will be sufficient to test about 6,000 schools assuming cost of assessments per pupil to be Rs 100 for two subjects and an average of 500 students per school. This will be sufficient to cover Kendriya and Navodaya Vidyalayas, which together add up to about 1,454.
However, the same commitment has to be shown by state governments to make the intervention meaningful. The funding necessary to conduct such assessments should be incorporated in the SSA-RTE funding that flows from the central government and subsequently included in the PAB frameworks for each state.
Green shoots are emerging with several state governments warming up to the idea. Madhya Pradesh is testing its students and uploading results of assessments to a central web portal. Karnataka recently graded all its 1,783 schools and not even a single school (including private schools) could get an A+ grade. The minister is using the inputs to improve the quality of education by altering policies. Similar action is happening in other states, albeit slowly. As a start, several states mentioned conducting student learning assessments in their state RTE rules.
Evidence has already shown that spending on inputs isn't correlated with improvement in outputs. We need to carefully channel the current spending of Rs 3.5 trillion on education in right places and students assessments will help us answer where.
To know more and view a comparative analysis of state RTE rules, check out RTE State Rules Matrix.
(About the author: Abhishek Bhattacharya, student of Post Graduate Programme (PGP) at the Indian School of Business - PGP Co2015. He is a former LAMP Fellow and has worked extensively on India's education policy at Centre for Civil Society. He tweets at @tathast_manush)
Disclaimer: Views expressed are personal.

Manufacturing shows marginal improvement: CII-ASCON surveyGoutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 09:30 IST
Photo: Reuters
The manufacturing sector is showing some buoyancy, according to the Confederation of Indian Industry -ASCON Survey for the July-September quarter.
The survey, which tracks the growth of the industrial sector on a quarterly basis, shows marginal improvement in the number of sectors that have reported growth above 10 per cent from the year-ago quarter.
Of the 59 sectors surveyed, the percentage of sectors reporting more than 10 per cent growth has climbed to 30.4 per cent in the three months through September 2014 from 26.08 per cent a year earlier.
Correspondingly, the percentage of sectors registering less than 10 per cent growth has slipped to 69.48 per cent in the September quarter of 2014 from 73.90 per cent a year earlier.
The lobby group said that high growth has been noticed in sectors such as white goods, synthetic fibre, consumer non-durables such as imported oils, groundnut oil, rapeseed, along with machine tools and rubber machinery.
In white goods, refrigerators, air conditioners, and small appliances have registered 12 to 15 per cent growth rates. The LCD/LED segment grew above 20 per cent, probably due to holiday season sales.
"The rural purchase trends and sales in tier-four and tier-five cities have contributed significantly to this growth," a statement from CII said. Power cables and circuit breakers have grown between 10 and 20 per cent.
The automobile industry continues to be on the losing side - the sector has witnessed low to negative growth in passenger cars, commercial vehicles, utility vehicle, and tyres, among others. Two wheelers and three wheelers, nevertheless, grew.
It is not clear how sustainable growth in sectors such as white goods is, post the holiday season. Another survey by industry body Ficci suggested moderation in manufacturing growth in the October-December quarter as compared to the previous three-month period.
The survey, which gauges the expectations of manufacturers in 13 sectors, found that the proportion of respondents expecting higher production in the October-to-December quarter has fallen to 52 per cent from 62 per cent in the previous three months.

Curiosity rover clicks selfie on MarsCuriosity rover clicks selfie on Mars
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Dec 8:  
NASA’s Mars rover Curiosity has clicked a new selfie near a sandstone outcrop in Gale Crater’s Kimberley region of the Red Planet.
The laser-armed, one-tonne rover used the camera at the end of its arm to take dozens of images which were later combined into a self-portrait.
The site in the background of the selfie features numerous sandstone layers caused by eons of exposure to wind erosion, ABC News reported.
A 1.6 cm diameter test hole drilled by the rover into the rock ledge is visible in the images.
The view does not include the rover’s arm, which took the pictures.
Most of the component frames of the mosaic view were taken during the 613th Martian day, or sol, of Curiosity’s work on Mars.
After landing inside Gale Crater in August 2012, Curiosity fulfilled in its first year of operations its major science goal of determining whether Mars ever offered environmental conditions favourable for microbial life.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

"Me": The Most Valuable Brandreddit
Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Tumblr and Snapchat are littered with the younger generations chronicling every moment, meal or purchase with selfies, snapshots, videos and messages. In a blink of an eye, they can become insta-famous, insta-shamed, insta-blamed or be on the receiving end of the dreaded un-follow button! "OMG, I'm losing followers!"
They are active and focused, but "focused on what?" That's the question you need to ask.
They are busily and, in many cases strategically, building their own brand. And if CMOs, CEOs or anyone with something to market can GET that their No. 1 Brand is themselves, and mine that accordingly, then these self-branding youth will help businesses build their brands.
Millennials and Generation Z measure their brand value as the number of likes they get, the number of re-tweets they have, the number of followers they collect or the number of comments posted. They are watching vigilantly, they are counting and monitoring their performance; the number of likes they have is equally as important as who liked their posts or updates.
This system has given shareholder value an entirely new definition.  It is transparent and powerful, for feedback is instant--the way they like it--and often harsh.  Their measure of self -worth is defined by those to whom they connect.
It is clear they are the product, and brand building is all consuming, emotionally and intellectually.  At such a tender age, they care greatly about it, as should you from a business standpoint. Successful marketing focuses on their No. 1 brand, and whatever you do to help build their brand is meaningful and acknowledged --a point driven home in the groundbreaking book "Marketing to Millennials."
The younger generations use the platforms the same way you do: strategically. Their goal is to get their message out and stay relevant. They understand what their peers value, and craft inputs to tap into those value systems.  And they change them quickly if rebuffed.
For Facebook alone, users 18-29 have a median of 300 friends , reported Pew Research earlier this year--also noting that the younger the user, the larger their network and 73 percent or all Americans 12-17 are also on the platform.  And as of this fall, the average user spends 21 minutes a day on the site , or 651 minutes a month.
The numbers tell us users are attempting to stay top of mind and exchange valued content. They are also watching their competition by looking at what others are doing, saying and liking. They specialize in surprising, delighting and entertaining their base by continually adding humor and excitement with fun photos and videos. They are brand building, and it is hugely important to them.
Successful business brands should know this and craft strategies to drive the "me"  brand--which, by so doing, will help businesses drive their own brands. Beloved brands like Nike, Apple and Coke understand this; for example, in Nike's 2014 soccer "Winner Stays" campaign , the company played to our youthful brand-builders' entrepreneurial spirit.  Nike allowed them to dream and gave them content that made them look like winners.
CMO Davide Grasso said the "`Winner Stays' taps into an experience that every young player around the world will recognize - competition with friends and the idea of playing with your heroes or pretending to be them." The Nike video, tailored for local use, received 65 million views. It was shared because it tapped into this generation's value system and that of their cohorts. Sharing it made them look good. (An interesting side note is that Nike achieved this feat without even being an official sponsor of the 2014 World Cup. They understood the individual's needs--and were rewarded for it.)
Undeniably, the No. 1 brand is "me."  If savvy businesses market to them correctly and focus on them collectively, the youth market will give them the opportunity to make significant gains. Mark Zuckerberg said, " A trusted referral is the Holy Grail of advertising ," making the individual who provides them the most valuable marketing target. This is where these cohorts power rests. In part two of this blog, I will suggest ways to help you master this strategy.
Follow Diane Primo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianeprimo
More:

Swedish file-sharing website Pirate bay taken downBy: Reuters | Stockholm |
Posted: December 10, 2014 9:57 am
Swedish file-sharing website The Pirate Bay was taken down after Swedish police seized servers and computers from a server room in Stockholm.
“We had a crackdown on a server room in Greater Stockholm because of a copyright infringement, and yes it was Pirate Bay,” Paul Pinter, national coordinator, intellectual property crime at Stockholm County Police told Reuters.
Other file-sharing sites such as EZTV, Zoink, and Torrage were also offline, as was Pirate Bay’s forum Suprbay.org. It was unsure if Pirate Bay was taken down for hosting some of the movies leaked due to the recent cyber attack on Sony Corp’s Sony Pictures Entertainment, tech website Wired reported.
Pirate Bay resurfaced for a while late Tuesday, after changing its domain name to .cr (Costa Rica), according to Russian news site Rt.com

It s a boy! Passenger gives birth in Phoenix-bound airlinerprint
A Southwest Airlines flight landed in Los Angeles with one more passenger than when it took off. A passenger gave birth shortly after Flight 623 took off from San Francisco on Tuesday and the Phoenix-bound jet diverted to Los Angeles International Airport.
The woman was assisted by the flight crew and a doctor and nurse who were aboard, airline spokeswoman Emily Samuels said. She said hopefully the airline has a new customer for life.
Paramedics boarded the aircraft and the mother and newborn, whose names have not been released, were taken to a hospital in good condition, Los Angeles Fire Department spokesman Erik Scott said.
The aircraft was taken out of service for cleaning and the other passengers went on to Phoenix aboard another plane, arriving more than two hours behind schedule.
Passenger Julie Dafoe said she and Kurt Reed were sitting next to the woman. "One of the nurses that helped she said she was like walking around pacing in the airport so they were thinking she was having contractions," Dafoe told Phoenix TV station KTVK.
"All of a sudden I heard a baby cry like a gurgling sound, like a baby that had too much milk or whatever and I'm like 'There's no babies on this flight,'" Reed said.
Passengers said they had heard the call for a doctor, but nothing about what the medical emergency was. "The captain announced congratulations for the arrival of this new baby boy," another passenger Aarti Shahani told KTVK.
"So we all started applauding, but it was confusing because we thought someone was going to die not be born."

Gold Jumps by Rs 650 to Rs 27 470 on Seasonal BuyingYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Jumps by Rs 650 to Rs 27,470 on Seasonal Buying
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 10, 2014 15:17 (IST)
RBI Relaxes External Commercial Borrowings Norms
New Delhi: Gold prices on Wednesday soared by Rs 650 to Rs 27,470 per ten gram in the bullion market in the national capital on strong seasonal demand and firm trends in global markets.
Silver also rose sharply by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
A fall in the value of rupee against US dollar and increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid the ongoing wedding season lifted prices of the precious metal, bullion traders said. A cheaper rupee makes imports of the metal costlier.
The rupee was trading weak at 62.05 against the US dollar at the forex market.
Gold surged over $28 to a six-week high of $1,238.32 an ounce in New York yesterday as weakening of the dollar and retreat in global equities raised demand for the bullion as an alternative investment.
Silver also surged 5.2 per cent to $17.12 an ounce in New York on Tuesday.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 650 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per 10 grams respectively. It had gained Rs 170 on Tuesday.
Sovereign traded Rs 100 higher at Rs 23,800 per piece of 8 grams.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,815 to Rs 38,615 per kg.
Silver coins shot up by Rs 1,000 to Rs 63,000 for buying and Rs 64,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 15:03 (IST)

Offshore debt markets attractive to Indian cos: FitchDec 10, 2014, 03.40 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Offshore debt markets attractive to Indian cos: Fitch
The offshore bond issuances by non-financial Indian corporates is estimated to have crossed USD 13 billion so far in 2014 as against around USD 9 billion in 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Offshore debt markets attractive to Indian cos: Fitch
The offshore bond issuances by non-financial Indian corporates is estimated to have crossed USD 13 billion so far in 2014 as against around USD 9 billion in 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Rating agency Fitch today said it expects Indian corporates to increasingly access offshore debt markets to meet their funding requirements.
The offshore bond issuances by non-financial Indian corporates is estimated to have crossed USD 13 billion so far in 2014 as against around USD 9 billion in 2013. "The offshore capital markets are increasingly attractive to Indian corporates partly because of better pricing for their bonds," Fitch Ratings said in a statement.
The growth in access to bond market is likely to be driven by the need to refinance debt and fund capex once the investment cycle restarts, it added. The offshore markets now present a relatively more cost-effective funding source as compared with onshore funding for Indian corporates, it said.
Also the reduction of withholding tax on interest payments of offshore bonds to 5 percent with effect from July 2014, compared with 20 per cent earlier, has incentivised investment in such instruments. "Investor demand for Indian bonds has also been strong due to expectations of improvement in Indian economic growth, improved political stability and strong liquidity in global capital markets," Fitch added.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty ends above 8350  Sensex flat; SBI up 3 per cent  BHEL fallsDec 10, 2014 at  04:09pm IST
Nifty ends above 8350, Sensex flat; SBI up 3 per cent, BHEL falls
4
0
Mumbai: After a volatile day of trade, the market ended on a flat note. The Sensex ended up 34.09 points at 27831.10, and the Nifty was up 14.95 points at 8355.65.
About 1681 shares have advanced, 1255 shares declined, and 110 shares are unchanged. SBI gained 3.5 per cent while ONGC, Tata Power, Tata Motors and Cipla were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were BHEL, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and L&T.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) was also 9.10 points or 0.11 per cent up at 8,349.80 points.
After a volatile day of trade, the market ended on a flat note. The Sensex ended up 34.09 points at 27831.10, and the Nifty was up 14.95 points at 8355.65.

Need to re-look at IT Act to counter cyber ...CrPC
("This is a challenge before…)
NEW DELHI: Cyber crime has become a challenge and this needs to be addressed by taking a relook at the IT Act and revamping criminal laws, government told the Rajya Sabha today.
"This is a challenge before the government. In order to counter the challenge, IT Act needs to be relooked," Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said during Question Hour.
He said there was a need to "revamp" the criminal laws such as IPC and CRPC to counter the growing menace of cyber crime which has "no boundaries."
The minister was responding to a question on details of legislative and other measures have been taken to prevent cyber crimes.
The Information Technology Act , 2000 was amended in 2008 to address all forms of cyber crimes. The Department of Electronics and Information Technology has taken various measures under the IT Act to address the menace of cyber crime.
For prevention of cyber crimes, government has formulated action plan, which includes technical, administrative, legal and capacity building measures to effectively address the issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bye-bye discounts: Is the age of e-tail steal deals endingDec 10, 2014, 05.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bye-bye discounts: Is the age of e-tail steal deals ending?
If ecommerce websites do not turn profitable, private investors backing them may soon run out of patience.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bye-bye discounts: Is the age of e-tail steal deals ending?
If ecommerce websites do not turn profitable, private investors backing them may soon run out of patience.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
By now, it has become widely known that Indian ecommerce websites are probably the cheapest places to shop for just about anything – from phones to shoes.
Thanks to an aggressive business strategy with a focus of bringing as many offline customers to the online fold, e-retailers such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon, have, somewhat notoriously, made a name for themselves by offering discounts on several goods that their physical counterparts simply cannot match.
Case in point is the slew of flash sales launched by the trio this Diwali when the price of an iPhone 5s dropped to a ridiculous Rs 25,000 for a short while, compared to its maximum retail price of Rs 53,000. The flash sales also got the websites in some hot water after traditional retailers complained about their predatory pricing strategies.
But it appears that before the law catches up with them soon enough to probe whether they were guilty of under-cutting the competition, the invisible hand of the market will. Here’s how.
Most of the leading Indian ecommerce companies have attracted plenty of interest from investors from abroad. Much of this borne out of the industry’s fast-growing nature. The ecommerce industry has gone from USD 2.5 billion in 2009 to USD 13 billion in 2013 and is expected to reach USD 100 billion by 2020, according to NASSCOM .
The reasons for this are simple: increasing purchasing power of consumers coupled rising Internet penetration. As a result, those who have missed the Alibaba growth story are busy looking for the next Alibaba in India.
Amid all this, with billions of dollars being poured into such companies, increasing revenues and acquiring market share has become the name of the game for them.
As a result, every single major ecommerce company is likely making heavy losses and burning cash through – from the multi-million-dollar capital rush that has taken place.
“For a Rs 100 sale of a book, the e-tailer incurs a loss of Rs 24, a loss of Rs 13 in mobiles, and Rs 8 in apparel,” says a Business Standard report citing a Motilal Oswal study.
But now, e-commerce companies have started cutting down on their daily or weekly discounts that were generally given on a wide range of products, according to Jabong.com co-founder Praveen Sinha who spoke to the Economic Times .
ET had earlier reported how Jabong’s rival Myntra had cut down on discounts and had now laid out an 18-month target to start making profits.
The need for profitability was highlight by a PriceWaterhouseCoopers director Saurabh Srivastava who told Business Today that if ecommerce companies do not become profitable “private investors will run out of patience”.
Even to list on the stock exchanges and provide for an exit for these investors, these businesses will have to show consistent profits and so in order to be sustainable, ecommerce firms will have to work out a profitable business model, he added.
So, even as in principle, e-tailers should be able to offer slightly lower prices compared to their offline peers thanks to lower costs with respect to real estate and human resources, etc, it appears the age of eye-popping could soon reach the end.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee falls 14 pts vs dollar  ends at 1-wk low of 62.02Forex Update: Rupee falls 14 pts against dollar, ends at 1-wk low of 62.02
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 20:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
In a dull trade, the rupee dropped further by 14 paise to close at more-than one-week low of 62.02 against the Greenback following sustained dollar demand from importers amid fresh capital outflows, extending losses for the third straight day.
Some hesitancy in local equities and mostly stable dollar overseas has no major impact on the rupee, a dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.96 a dollar from previous close of 61.88.
It was later trapped in a narrow range of 61.91 and 62.0475 before settling at 62.02, a net fall of 14 paise or 0.23 pct. In three days in a row, it has dipped by 25 paise or 0.40 pct.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex recovered marginally by 34.09 points or 0.12 pct in a choppy trade while FPIs/FIIs pulled out USD 35.99 mln yesterday, as per Sebi data.
Mr. Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said,"Rupee continues to be on a weaker side. Today also Rupee depreciated by fourteen paise. Rupee has traded weak for the third consecutive day and now investors are waiting for the U.S data which is due for the week. The outcome of the data will show the road ahead to the market."
"The trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 61.70 to 62.30" he added.
In forward market, premia softened further on persistent receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in May moved down to 214-216 paise from Tuesday's close of 215-217 paise.
Forward contracts maturing in November 2015 also slipped to 423-425 paise from 424.5-426.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.95 and for the Euro at 76.7499.
The rupee remained weak against the pound to 97.22 from 96.80 previously and declined further to 76.79 per euro from 76.47.
It, also dropped to 52.02 per 100 Japanese yen from 51.59.

Modi has highest retweets  Big B largest fol...amitabh bachchan
(The 'Year On Twitter' data…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leads the list of retweets with his election winning post on Twitter being shared by over 70,515 people on the microblogging site.
"India has won! Bharat ki vijay! Achhe din aane wale hai" remains the most retweeted tweet on Twitter till date from India.
Following in the list at 51,981 retweets is actor Salman Khan's tweet of his film Kick's trailer.
"There has never been a better time to be on Twitter in India, with the experience of so many events - big and small - made even more compelling by Twitter," Twitter Market Director (South and Southeast Asia) Rishi Jaitly told PTI.
The 'Year On Twitter' data shows Indians are discovering content around and connecting with their heroes, politics and live sporting events, especially cricket, he added.
"We also expect to see a surge in conversations around digital diplomacy and digital governance to connect politicians, ministries and citizens through live public conversations," he said.
Other tweets in the top 10 include Rajinikanth's (@superstarrajini) maiden tweet, debut of ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) and Sachin Tendulkar's (@sachin_rt) tribute to Aussie cricketer Phil Hughes who succumbed to an injury while playing.
Globally, celebrity Ellen DeGeneres' post of her selfie along with a host of Hollywood stars at the Oscars was the most re-tweeted (by 3,367,870 accounts).
Superstar Amitabh Bachchan is the most followed celebrity on Twitter with over 1.18 crore followers, followed by Shah Rukh Khan with 1.02 crore, Aamir Khan at 98.6 lakh (rpt) 98.6 lakh, Salman Khan at 94.2 lakh (rpt) 94.2 lakh and Narendra Modi at 84.2 lakh (rpt) 84.2 lakh.
Modi saw the highest growth in followers at 54.45 per cent with the addition of over 46.2 lakh (rpt) 46.2 lakh followers in 2014.
Top hashtags of the year included #WorldCup2014, #MH370, #MufflerMan and #KashmirFloods.
The new joinees on Twitter this year include President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn), ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (@MoHFW_INDIA), Ministry of Railways (@RailMinIndia) and Uday Kotak (@udaykotak), among others.
Notably, Rajinikanth joined Twitter on May 4 and within 24 hours over two lakh of his fans flocked to follow him on the site. The number more than doubled within a week and in less than six months, it had breached the one million-mark.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape: Police recover driver s iPhone given by Uber14
0
New Delhi: The case against Uber cab driver into the Delhi rape incident will get a boost as the iPhone that was given to him by the cab service provider has been recovered by police. In a related development, Uber's double talk over the verification of drivers' credentials has come to light.
The police have recovered the iPhone that Uber had given to the accused driver Shiv Kumar Yadav. The recovery of the iPhone is crucial because it will help nail the driver who had used it to commit the ghastly crime against the Gurgaon executive on Friday night.
After raping the woman executive, Yadav tried to intimidate her. He dialled his own number from her mobile phone. He told her that he had his number and he would track her, warning her against contacting the police. The victim is learnt to have told the police that she texted a message to her friend with whom she had talked last before the crime had taken place, saying she had been raped. However, in the chilling moment, the SMS went to the driver as his was the last number dialed in the list. The driver read it and fled to Mathura.
Meanwhile, Uber's Asia-Pacific head appeared before Delhi Police on Wednesday. He was asked to furnish documents on employee verification, its database, and documents pertaining to employees they hire.
A petition is also being filed in the Delhi High Court over Uber not having a grievance officer, something which is mandatory for all cab companies. Delhi police filed an FIR against Uber on Tuesday for cheating and not following government orders. All app-based cabs like Uber and Ola have already been banned in Delhi.
The police have recovered the iPhone that Uber had given to the accused driver Shiv Kumar Yadav. The recovery of the iPhone is crucial because it will help nail the driver who had used it to commit the ghastly crime against the Gurgaon executive on Friday night.
#delhi uber cab rape #uber #delhi #crime against women
In a development which has exposed Uber's double talk, Uber representatives had claimed after the Delhi rape incident that they were only aggregators and did not carry out driver verification. However, in an email reply to customers' query regarding the verification of drivers, Uber claimed the opposite. It claimed that in addition to its individual employers being screened, each of its drivers were put through a rigorous quality control process which is implemented religiously across the country even before a partner gets behind the wheel of the vehicle. "In fact, screening for safe drivers is just the begining of our safety efforts," Uber claimed.
"Unlike the taxi industry, our background checking process and standards are so detailed, often more rigorous than what is required to become a taxi driver. Moreover, most of our partners are introduced to us via our preferred partners which means someone in the system has to vouch for their track record creating a referral system of trust," Uber replied, which is exactly the opposite of what it told the police after the incident.
0

Delhi rape: Ola Cab declines acknowledgement from government to cease operations1
0
New Delhi: Days after the authorities in Delhi released a notice naming the authorised cab services  allowed to operate in National capital, the Ola cabs, a cab service that missed to make up to the list, released a statement saying that government has not informed them to cease their operations.
"We have not received an official communication from the government to this effect yet. However, we are closely working with the government and the respective authorities on all fronts, in every city of our operations. Safety of customers using the Ola app has been and will be paramount to us." said Anand Subramanian, Marketing Comm Director of Ola Cab.
Earlier in the week the Delhi government had issued a public notice to inform the cabs who are certified by the administrative bodies.
Days after the authorities in Delhi released a notice naming the authorised cab services  allowed to operate in National capital, the Ola cabs, a cab service that missed to make up to the list, released a statement saying that government has not informed them to cease their operations.
#ola cab #delhi rape #notice #uber cab
The list of cabs allowed on roads of national capital include Easy Cab, Mega, Meru, Chanson, Yo Cab and Air Cab. The named cab are only licensed with transport department for operating radio taxi services in Delhi and NCR.
All other transport and taxi service provider through web based technology who are not recognized are prohibited from providing such service in Delhi till they get license.
1

What ails the Indian aviation industryHi Guest
What ails the Indian aviation industry
High taxes on fuel and rising operating costs were acting as a constraint to the growth of the aviation industry in India, global airlines' body IATA said on Wednesday. "High fuel taxes and operating costs, coupled with infrastructure constraints, remains a challenge" for the Indian aviation industry, International Air Transport Association Director General and CEO Tony Tyler said in Geneva. He was replying to a question on the problems facing the Indian aviation sector. Tyler, however, ...

Tirupati Starch & Chemicals: Outcome of board meetingDec 10, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals: Outcome of board meeting
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has discussed and approved the following: 1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Modi, who has signified his consent to act as Director, as Additional Director of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals: Outcome of board meeting
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has discussed and approved the following: 1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Modi, who has signified his consent to act as Director, as Additional Director of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Tirupati Starch & Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 10, 2014, has discussed and approved the following:1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Modi, who has signified his consent to act as Director, as Additional Director of the Company.2. In terms of Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Clause 47(a) of the Listing Agreement, appointment of Mr. Siddharth Sharma as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company (w.e.f. December 01, 2014).Source : BSE

Sintex plans textile plant in Gujarat by 2017-18Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sintex plans textile plant in Gujarat by 2017-18
PTI
Tweet
Gandhinagar, Dec 10:  
Gujarat-based Sintex Industries today said it will set up a textile processing plant near Pipavav port at an investment of Rs 5,500 crore by 2017-18.
“We would be investing Rs 5,500 crore to set up this project (textile processing plant), which is located 6 kms away from Pipavav port in Amreli district,” Sintex Industries MD Amit Patel told reporters.
He was addressing the media after attending ‘Intexcon —2014’, an international seminar on textile industry, which was organised here as part of upcoming ‘Vibrant Gujarat Summit—2015’
“We intend to complete this project by 2017—18. We will be focusing on knitting, spinning and weaving of textile in this facility,” he said, adding Sintex Industries has already been into textile business in Gujarat with one of their plants located in Kalol town near Gandhinagar.
The upcoming Pipavav unit will be the 10th plant of Sintex Industries in the country, and will be set up in phase—wise manner.
Patel also said that Pipavav plant will have one million spindles, 2,400 weaving machines and a capacity to churn out 600 tonne of knits.
“Phase-one of Pipavav textile processing plant will be operationalised by March 2015 and we will be adding one lakh spindles every two months and then finish the project till 2017-18,” he said.
Patel said the plant will generate employment opportunities for around 8,000 persons and around 40 to 50 per cent of the employees will be women.
“We expect a turnover of Rs 9,000 to 10,000 crore for the company after the Pipavav plant will run at its full capacity,” Patel said, adding that the company’s turnover was Rs 6,400 crore during the last fiscal with the growth rate of 20 per cent.
“Products will not only range up to cotton but will also include multiple products like polyester, yarns, viscos yarn, lycra etc,” Patel said, adding that 60 to 80 per cent of the products will be exported.
To a query, Patel said the state government’s Textile Policy, announced in 2012, has encouraged the company to set up the plant in Gujarat.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Europe stocks firm but US futures slipWall Street retreats as oil tumbles further
FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7d3b022-801e-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

VAYA sufficiently capitalised to apply for small bank licence: Vikram AkulaVaya has sufficient capital for small bank licence: Vikram Akula
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Dec 11, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Vikram Akula, founder and former chairperson of SKS Microfinance, has decided to buy 26 per cent stake in financial inclusion start-up Vaya Finserv, where he has also assumed the role of chairman. Akula, in an interview with Somasroy Chakraborty, shares the reasons for his return to the segment after three years. Edited excerpts:
What prompted you to re-enter the financial inclusion space?
I had a non-compete agreement with SKS that prevented me from entering this space for three years. That agreement got over in November. Financial inclusion is something very close to my heart. I always wanted to come back to financial inclusion once the non-compete period ended.
What made you choose Vaya?
Three things stood out for me. Vaya has a great team, its managing director, Surya Kumar, was a colleague at SKS where he headed the technology division. The core team, of first 50 staff, is also from SKS. These are people with whom I have worked. I have seen their work and that gives me a lot of confidence. Second, Vaya’s mission to work in under-banked districts of India is in line with my own goal. Also, it uses next-generation technology platform, which is unique and will become the future of financial inclusion.
You have been appointed as the chairman. Will you play active role in day-to-day functioning?
No, I will be non-executive chairman. I will be like a mentor and my role will be more of strategic in nature. The team will be led by Surya Kumar.
Why did you acquire 26 per cent stake (in the start-up)? Can you offer some details on the pricing?
I wanted to have a meaningful stake in the company. I believe in this company and felt it should reflect in more than words. I am not in a position to comment on the pricing. All I can say is I will have 26 per cent stake. SKS Trusts owns 65 per cent stake. The remaining nine per cent is with employees and high net worth investors.
Will Vaya apply for a licence to set up small finance bank?
We are keen on creating a small finance bank. Vaya now works a business correspondent which facilitates savings and loans for self-help groups of women on behalf of banks. If we are fortunate to get a licence, we can offer the same services on our own. The only caveat is we are also interested in payments bank licence. As things stand, we are leaning more towards small finance bank.
Small finance banks will need to have minimum paid-up equity capital of Rs 100 crore. Will Vaya need to raise money to meet this criterion?
Vaya currently has sufficient capital to meet the regulatory requirement. In fact, I don’t think there is a need for the company to raise capital in the medium-term.
Do you plan to increase your stake in VAYA?
I guess it is possible but there is no immediate plan.
Can you share some details on VAYA's future plans?
VAYA opened its first branch in July, and now has 23 branches with 183 employees across six districts of eastern Maharashtra and northern Karnataka. For financial inclusion it is necessary to have a critical mass.
So, the company will expand its footprint to as many under-banked districts as possible over a period of time. Also, eventually our aspiration is to offer the full range of financial products and services including pension and insurance, not just savings and loan products.

Kailash Satyarthi  Malala Yousafzai receive Nobel Peace Prizes for child campaignsSatyarthi, Malala receive Nobel Peace Prize
AFP  Oslo, December 10, 2014
First Published: 18:20 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:13 IST(11/12/2014)
Comments
Indian child rights campaigner Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize on Wednesday, sharing his award with Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai, who became the youngest laureate ever. 
Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai pose with their medals during the Nobel Peace Prize awards ceremony at the City Hall in Oslo, Norway. (AFP Photo)
"A young girl and a somewhat older man, one from Pakistan and one from India, one Muslim, the other Hindu; both symbols of what the world needs: more unity. Fraternity between the nations!" Thorbjoern Jagland, chairman of the Norwegian Nobel committee, said at the ceremony in Oslo.
Satyarthi's organisation Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Movement to Save Childhood) prides itself on liberating more than 80,000 children from bonded labour in factories and workshops across India and has networks of activists in more than 100 countries.
According to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) there are about 168 million child labourers around the world.
Nobel winners receive eight million Swedish kronor ($1.1 million, 862,000 euros), which is shared in the case of joint wins.
Satyarthi, a soft-spoken, trim 60-year-old, has for decades been at the forefront of the drive against child labour in India, home to the largest number of working children in the world, according to the charity ChildLine.
"This prize is important for the millions and millions who are denied a childhood," Satyarthi said in Oslo on the eve of the prize-giving.
The award has sparked new awareness about child labour, he said, adding, "Consciousness is the beginning of change."
"There are children who are sold and bought like animals," said Satyarthi, an admirer of the pacifist teachings of Indian independence icon Mahatma Gandhi.
"There are children who are born and live in situations of conflict and terror."
"I refuse to accept that the world is so poor, when just one week of global military expenditure is enough to bring all of our children into classrooms," he said after receiving the prize.
"I refuse to accept that the shackles of slavery can ever be... stronger than the quest for freedom."
Malala, 17, became a global icon after she was shot and nearly killed by the Taliban in October 2012 for insisting that girls had a right to an education.
Malala has already been honoured with a host of awards, standing ovations and plaudits everywhere from the United Nations to Buckingham Palace.
On the eve of the ceremony, she said she would not rest on her laurels, saying she would like one day to become prime minister in her native Pakistan.
"If I can serve my country best through politics and through becoming a prime minister then I would definitely choose that," she told the BBC.
"I want to serve my country and my dream is that my country becomes a developed country and I see every child get an education."
 
7,000 Norwegian children
 
Minutes after Malala received the prize, a man carrying a Mexican flag walked towards her, but was caught by security. His motives were unknown.
Before the ceremony, Malala and Yousafzai met with 7,000 Norwegian children aged between six and 14 in the heart of Oslo.
"You have given me so much energy. It's more than a red bull!" Malala said.
At a press conference in Oslo on Tuesday Malala said that in many parts of the world, children's requirements are infinitely more modest than an "iPad or computer."
"What they are asking for is just a book, just a pen, so why can't we do that?"
Malala was 15 when a Taliban gunman shot her in the head as she travelled on a school bus in response to her campaign for girls' education.
Although she almost died, she recovered after being flown for extensive surgery in Birmingham, central England.
She has been based in the city with her family ever since, continuing both her education and activism.
 
Indian-Pakistani symbolism  
The pairing of Malala and Satyarthi had the extra symbolism of linking neighbouring countries that have been in conflict for decades.
After she was named as the winner, Malala said she wanted both states' prime ministers to attend the prize-giving ceremony in Oslo.
"If the prime ministers had come here I would have been very happy," she said.
"I would have thought of it as a big opportunity to ask them... to make education their top priority and work on it together because we see the number of children who are out of school and suffering from child labour are mostly in India and Pakistan."
The other prizes -- also featuring the literature prize winner, Frenchman Patrick Modiano, and his compatriot Jean Tirole with the economics award -- will be awarded in Stockholm later Wednesday.

Pak woman  4 kids hacked by estranged son in honour killingsPak woman, 4 children hacked by estranged son
AFP
print
A file photo of people protesting against a honor killing incident in Pakistan. (Image: agencies)
A Pakistani couple and four of their children were axed to death by the wife's long-lost son from a previous marriage in an "honour" killing to exact revenge for her taking a second husband, police said Tuesday.
The gruesome murders in the central city of Jhang occurred when the woman's son by her first husband, who died more than 30 years ago, came to visit her for the first time in three decades, together with her former brother-in-law.
The couple's 13-year-old daughter was critically injured in the attack on Tuesday night and is fighting for her life in hospital, while four other children escaped unharmed.
"Ghulam Fatima, who was in her sixties, had married the man of her choice after her husband died and they moved to Punjab from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa after threats from Fatima's former in-laws," Allah Ditta, a local police official told AFP.
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa is a conservative northwestern province where it is frowned upon for a woman to marry for a second time, especially of her own choosing.
Allah Ditta added that Fatima's ex-in laws had been searching for her in vain since she fled her old home, finally tracing her to her house in the Athara Hazari neighbourhood of Jhang city on Monday.
Her son and brother-in-law were invited to stay as guests but murdered their hosts a day later.
"Her son and his uncle came to her house on Monday and stayed there until Tuesday night when they axed Fatima, her husband and four children to death," Ditta said.
Mian Aslam, a second local police official confirmed the incident and said Fatima's son Mohammad remained at large but his uncle Gul Zameen had been arrested.
Fazal Bhutta, a doctor at the government-run District Headquarters Hospital said the bodies of the couple and four of their children (two women, a girl and a boy) were brought to the morgue late Tuesday night.
Hundreds of women are murdered by their relatives in Pakistan each year on the grounds of defending family "honour".
The Aurat Foundation, a campaign group that works to improve the lives of women in Pakistan's conservative and patriarchal society, says more than 3,000 have been killed in such attacks since 2008.

Worldwide GDP up 50% during 1992-2010: ReportDec 10, 2014, 06.41 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Worldwide GDP up 50% during 1992-2010: Report
The Inclusive Wealth Index measures progress towards sustainability, combines changes in human capital, natural capital and produced capital.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Worldwide GDP up 50% during 1992-2010: Report
The Inclusive Wealth Index measures progress towards sustainability, combines changes in human capital, natural capital and produced capital.
Post your opinion here
 
There has been a significant increase of 50 percent in global wealth between 1992 and 2010, but it rose by only an "anaemic" 6 percent during this period if measured in terms of sustainable development.
According to the second biennial Inclusive Wealth Report (IWR) released today, worldwide GDP during 1992-2010 showed a gain of 50 percent.
However, when changes in human capital, produced capital and natural capital are considered together, global wealth rose by an "anaemic" 6 percent over those years, it said.
The Inclusive Wealth Index measures progress towards sustainability, combines changes in human capital, natural capital and produced capital.
In the USA, India and China, for example, wealth measured by GDP from 1990-2010 rose 33 percent, 155 percent and 523 percent respectively, the report said.
When measures of natural, human and manufactured capital are considered together, the USA's Inclusive Wealth rose by 13 percent, India 16 percent and China 47 percent over that time, it added.
The report further noted that human capital, measured in levels of education, skills and abilities, grew just 8 percent overall worldwide between 1992 and 2010.
Natural capital such as forests, sub-soil resources and other ecosystems,declined by about 30 percent worldwide in this period.
"Looking beyond GDP and adopting an Inclusive Wealth Index internationally is central to the post-2015 sustainable development agenda being negotiated within the UN Sustainable Development Goals," Partha Dasgupta, Chair of the report's science advisory group, said.
RELATED NEWS

Breaking its losing streak Nifty end 15 points higherLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Breaking its losing streak Nifty end 15 points higher
The points that stood out though today was that in fact the bank Nifty returned to its outperformance.
Post your opinion here
 
Today the Nifty went ahead broke it’s losing streak but the gains were very slim. So the Nifty ended higher by close to around 15 points. The points that stood out though today was that in fact the bank Nifty returned to its outperformance. So that one was up close to around one percent odd and the Public Sector Undertakings (PSU) banking index in particular was up close to around three %, that is where the big gains did come in.
RELATED NEWS

Workforce optimisation on at TCS; hiring plans on trackDec 10, 2014, 07.02 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Workforce optimisation on at TCS; hiring plans on track
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Workforce optimisation on at TCS; hiring plans on track
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people.
Post your opinion here
 
IT giant  TCS is believed to be undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company. Sources said that the restructuring exercise could affect both onsite and offsite positions across various verticals, even as the company said it is on track to meet hiring target of 55,000 professionals this fiscal. Most affected by the restructuring drive could be middle-to-senior level positions, sources said, while adding that some employees may be offered positions at vendors working with TCS.
The country's largest software exporter with over USD 13-billion annual turnover employs over 3 lakh people across 46 countries. When contacted, a TCS spokesperson said, "As a performance driven company, workforce optimisation is a continuous process which happens throughout the year taking into account employee performance, business needs, and people aspirations.
"This leads to some amount of involuntary attrition in the company. This is nothing out of the ordinary or a special situation for us to comment about. "We continue to be leading recruiters of IT talent across the world, not only in India. In this fiscal year, we have a total hiring target of 55,000 professionals and we are on track to meet it."
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people. The headcount utilisation during the quarter stood at 86.2 percent, excluding trainees, while the figure after including trainees was  81.3 percent. The net addition stood at 8,326 employees during the quarter, while its attrition rate was 12.8 percent. During the July-September quarter, TCS also crossed a milestone of employing one lakh women professionals with a gender diversity ratio of 32.9 percent.
The company's net profit declined by 5.8 percent to Rs 5,244 crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal, while revenue rose by 7.7 percent to Rs 23,816 crore.
TCS stock price
On January 02, 2015, at  15:46 hrs Tata Consultancy Services was quoting at Rs 2570.85, up Rs 22.65, or 0.89 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2834.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 2000.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 99.52 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.83. The latest book value of the company is Rs 224.90 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 11.43.
RELATED NEWS

No decision yet to ban Uber in Maharashtra  operators told to submit driver databaseNo decision yet to ban Uber in Maharashtra, operators told to submit driver database
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 06:49 PM IST
Maharashtra's transport department on Wednesday directed operators of radio taxis and aggregators to submit data on background verification of drivers by Thursday, and to also submit an action plan on consumer safety and emergency procedures by the yearend. 
However, it has not taken any decision on ban on Uber on the grounds that the winter session of the state legislature is currently underway in Nagpur.
"As the winter session of the Maharahstra legislature is currently on in  Nagpur, I cannot reveal decision on ban on Uber . A formal announcement is possible in the legislature," Transport Commissioner Mahesh Zagde told Business Standard. 
At a meeting earlier today with representatives of Uber, TaxiForSure, Meru, Book My Car, TabCab, Cabzo, Ola and Priyadarshani, Zagde told the attendees that if an incident like the Delhi rape by a Uber taxi driver occurs, the chairman and directors of the company would also be made an accused and would have a first information report (FIR) filed against them. 
Zagde also said that Uber general manager Shailesh Sawlani, who was present at the meeting, has been told that the transport department was not happy with its services in Mumbai and Pune, the only cities in Maharashtra where the facility is available.
“When I asked Sawlani to submit data with regard to background verification of drivers, he expressed his inability to do so. Thereafter, I told him if Uber cannot abide by country's law then they should immediately suspend their services," he said.
Radio and web-based taxi operators have been told to put in place necessary measures including GPS – which web-based taxi operators already insist on – from January 15 next year, failing which action will be taken against them. 
Zagde said that there will be zero tolerance on safety and security and that the operators would have strictly adhere to regulations. 
Earlier, Maharashtra transport minister Diwakar Raote said the state government would follow the Union home ministry's advisory to ban app-based taxi services, including Uber, after due process. However, he shared Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari's view that banning such services was not the solution. 
"I will see whether or not the state government has powers to ban on its own services of app based taxies and others," he said. The Delhi government has already banned web-based taxi services. 

Modi congratulates Satyarthi MalalaNobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan and Kailash Satyarthi of India hold their Nobel Peace Prize diplomas and medals during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo (Source: AP)
New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 7:29 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today congratulated Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai who received the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 in Oslo.
The entire nation watches the ceremony in Oslo with great joy & immense pride. Congratulations @k_satyarthi !
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 10, 2014
I also congratulate the young Malala Yousafzai for the momentous achievement.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 10, 2014
Satyarthi, an activist working against child labour, was awarded the Nobel prize while the Pakistani teen bagged the award for her activism to promote female education.

Amjad Ali Khan  sons perform Raga For Peace at NobelconcertBy: Press Trust of India | Oslo |
Posted: December 10, 2014 7:15 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 7:19 pm
Sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan and his sons Amaan and Ayaan performed at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert here on December 10 after India’s Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan’s Malala Yousafazi were honoured with the prestigious award.
The trio spread the message of peace, harmony and non-violence with a special ‘Raga For Peace’ conceived for the occasion.
The ceremony began with an Opera performance by Norwegian classical pianist Edward Grieg and singer Hans Christian Andersen.
It was followed by Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan’s performance on his uncle Nusrat Fateh Ali’s famous Sufi composition ‘Allahu Allahu’ with his troupe.
Amjad Ali, Amaan and Ayaan took to the stage post the felicitation of Malala and Satyarthi to perform their ‘Raga For Peace’.
Each year, the Nobel Peace Prize Concert at Norway’s capital gathers a host of talented artists from around the world to pay tribute to the year’s laureate.
Read: Malala, Satyarthi receive their Nobel Peace Prizes for child campaigns 
Before leaving for the ceremony, Amjad had told PTI that it was a great honour to be invited to such a prestigious ceremony.
“It’s a great honour for me and my sons to be given this opportunity at such a prestigious platform. We feel so proud to be celebrating an occasion of an Indian receiving the Nobel Peace Prize. That gives us all the more happiness,” Amjad, 69, had said.

Founders fully committed to management: SikkaInfosys
(Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka today said the founders of India's second largest IT services firm Infosys still remain committed to the firm and the sold stock will be used for philanthropic purposes.
Earlier this week, co-founders N R Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani along with their family members sold Infosys shares worth Rs 6,484 crore.
Following the sale, shares of the Bangalore-based firm fell nearly 5 per cent, wiping out Rs 11,611 crore from its market valuation.
"It was long overdue, I think it was part of a portfolio decision. The vast majority of their holdings are still there, and they are still among the largest shareholders of the company," Sikka, the first non-founder and outsider to lead Infosys, said.
The sale included 32.6 million shares of Infosys. "They are fully committed to the management, to the company -- it's all good," Sikka further added.
Infosys shares today closed marginally lower at Rs 1,963.70 from the previous close on the BSE.
The sale was been done to partially monetise their stake, after more than three decades of setting up the company. Some portion of the proceeds will also be used by the founders towards philanthropic activities.
"One key thing that people don't know about Infosys is the massive influence that Infosys has with regard towards philanthropy. Infosys Foundation, still headed by Mrs Murthy, wife our founder. Its a huge activity for us. It (the sale) was part of philanthropic, giving, entrepreneurship. This was the reason for the sale," he said.
Murthy and family sold 12 million shares (23.3 per cent of their holding), Nilekani and family 12 million shares (31.3 per cent of their holding), Dinesh and family 6.2 million shares (21.5 per cent of their holding) and Kumari Shibulal 2.4 million shares (9.6 per cent of their holding).
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1IveHBgBreach insurance: Not just for the big guys
Video Keywords business owners USA today earthquakes Minnesota San Francisco Iraq
Cyber breach insurance, which covers losses and costs due to hacker attacks on a company's computer system, is a relatively new type of policy. While not yet widespread, it's quickly gaining ground.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:15  No company would think of opening its doors without having
00:18  fire another insurance in place. But only 13 of companies carry
00:23  cyber attack insurance. That despite the fact that 76%. Of business
00:29  owners have been the victim of hack attacks. Rake it as
00:32  much or more a threat and natural disasters like fires earthquakes
00:36  or other business in Iraq. These kinds of policies are becoming
00:41  more common. Last year just fourteen pursue that businesses carry them
00:46  into dates 33%. Need for them because they have to pay
00:51  out when their customers get hit. A ruling last week by
00:55  a federal court made that abundantly clear. According Minnesota found that
00:59  target. Targeted with a massive hacker attack a year ago is
01:04  on the hook for money that banks lost in that breach.
01:07  These policies cost depends on several factors including how large or
01:11  small the company is. How much data it keeps and how
01:14  good job it's fun of protecting in the first place. These
01:18  policies are especially cheat. At the low end and they can
01:21  start at 2500 dollars a year but at the heart and
01:25  they can go as much as 101000 dollars a month. Depending
01:28  on how big the company is and how much personal data
01:31  it keeps. These policies are expensive. However you've got to take
01:37  into account that. Getting hacked is expensive to 688. Dollars on
01:42  average for each individual person this fact when the company has
01:46  to pay to correct it. For a company that has a
01:48  thousand customers that's a 180000. Dollars to pass. For USA today
01:54  in San Francisco Elizabeth please.
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 1:08 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Being hit by hackers is worse than getting hit with a fire, earthquake or another natural disaster, business owners say. A survey done by the Ponemon Institute, an independent data security organization, found that 76% of business owners who've been hit by hackers rank it as high or higher than other insurable business risks such as natural disasters, business interruption and fires.
(Photo: Brian A. Jackson, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
98 CONNECT 160 TWEET 369 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — A ruling last week by a federal judge that Target is on the hook for financial losses sustained by banks when it was hacked earlier this year is making companies of all sizes look at breach insurance with a new eye.
Cyberbreach insurance, which covers losses and costs due to hacker attacks on a company's computer system, is a relatively new type of policy. It was first introduced in the 1990s, mostly to cover computer failures at banks and Fortune 500 companies. In the 2000s it began to be applied to companies whose information had been hacked.
Today, as all types of companies move increasing amounts of their business online, it's something small- to medium-sized companies need to start thinking about.
A worker looks at a pile of wine bottles that were thrown from the shelves at Van's Liquors after a reported 6.0-magnitude earthquake on Aug. 24 in Napa, Calif.
(Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
Take the owner of a small rubber gasket manufacturer that Dan Hanson at Marsh & McLennan Agency, a customized insurance and financial services firm, spoke with recently.
The owner at first said he didn't have a lot of online exposure. But then he realized that his staff gets schematics from companies like GE and 3M in advance of products being released, and his sales staff carried these around on their laptops.
"If one of those got lost, that's millions of dollars in liability," Hanson said. The owner ended up buying a cyberliability policy.
How much the policies cost depend on several factors including how large or small the company is, how much data it keeps and how good a job it has done of protecting it.
"We're seeing an average premium of about $2,500 per year," but it can go up to as much as $10,000 a month depending on the company, said Harris Tsangaris, a vice president at NFP Property & Casualty, an insurance brokerage.
The damage a cyberbreach can cause a company is starting to sink in, especially as the nation watches Sony Pictures Entertainment deal with a massive attack. Among companies hit by a cyberbreach, 76% say it's equal to or greater than a natural disaster or fire in terms of disruption, a survey by the Ponemon Institute, an independent privacy and information security organization, found.
Antivirus software powerless against Sony hackers
There was a time when the courts said that a company's general liability coverage covered breaches, says Robert Sumner, a lawyer with Moore & Van Allen in Charleston, S.C., who specializes in data security.
The insurance companies complained, but the courts said, "Too bad for you, these poor people thought they were covered, so you have to pay," he said.
That's no longer true. Today courts hold companies responsible for the fallout from a breach, as Target is finding.
That still hasn't hit many small business owners, says Neil Ness, who specializes in insuring cooperatives for Farmers Union Insurance in Bismark, N.D.
"Sometimes they tell me, 'I've got a general liability policy, so if I'm liable then that should cover it.' I tell them, 'Well, GLC only covers bodily harm or property — stealing someone's information isn't covered,'" he said.
Just 33% of small- to mid-sized companies have a cyberliability policy, a survey released last month by insurance exchange company Marsh & McLennan Agency found. In 2013 the number was just 16%.
Smaller businesses are especially vulnerable, said Ness. "That's how these hackers practice. They go after the little ones who aren't really paying attention."
For now, coverage is most likely to be purchased by companies in financial services, 88%, and health care, 53%. Both are federally regulated and have strict data security compliance standards.
Cyber-risks that might cause a company to take out such a policy include processing credit card transactions, holding employee records, having a website that collects personal information from visitors or holding client or customer information.
Every stolen record costs on average $188 to make whole, a survey by the Ponemon Institute found.
In some ways, just the process of getting the insurance is protective. It makes companies look closely at their risk. That includes things like who has access to what data, where data is stored and whether any third-party vendors pose a risk.
In the case of the $148 million Target breach, for example, hackers got in using credentials from a refrigeration contractor.
It's important to remember that cyber insurance actually is a bundle of several types of policies. Some cover lawsuits and regulatory claims, some cover the cost of investigation and repair, some cover notification and identity protection for customers whose information was taken, said Seth Harrington, a lawyer with Ropes & Gray in Boston who focuses on responses to data security incidents.
A company probably isn't going to be getting cyberinsurance from the same firm that provides it with general liability coverage, but an agent or broker can help find a policy that works, said Tsangaris.
No matter how small the company, being protected is important, said Sumner. No one wants to be in Target's shoes, with credit card companies coming after them to make up their losses.
"Probably an army of Visa lawyers is about the scariest thing you can imagine," he said.

http://usat.ly/1Bys5TxResilient U.S. stock market looks within
By: Adam Shell December 10, 2014 8:10 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 9, 2014. (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
U.S. investors are more focused on the good things happening in the domestic economy and how stocks are trading on Wall Street than they are about the ups and downs — mostly the downs — happening abroad. At least for the moment.
That message was driven home Tuesday when tighter lending rules were rolled out in China, sparking growth fears and a 5.4% drop in the Shanghai Composite Index, its worst one-day plunge in five years. Adding to the angst was a selloff in Greece after the government said it was pushing up the date of elections, which sparked worries that the main left-wing party, which wants to cut what Greece owes in bailout funds, might win — and spark another crisis in the eurozone. The Greek stock market fell 12.7% — its worst single-day drop ever — amid fears euro leaders would have to confront the prospect of a debt write-down or a Greek exit from the euro.
Wall Street’s knee-jerk reaction Tuesday was bearish. Investors hit the sell buttons often early in the trading session. In the first hour the Dow Jones industrial average was down almost 223 points. But by the end of the day yesterday the Dow was off just 51 points at 17,801, less than 1% shy of Friday’s record close of 17,958.79.
Investors, it seems, opted to focus on the improving fortunes of the U.S. economy. GDP grew at a better-than-expected 3.9% clip in the third quarter after a 4.6% jump in the second quarter. Add in 321,000 jobs created last month and you can see why investors are betting that the U.S. can shrug off global weakness and that the good times can continue at home.
Wall Street’s biggest bull sees another year of double-digit percentage gains in 2015. Adam Shell of USA TODAY discusses the bullish market call.

Top presidential pick among millionaires is...top presidential pick among millionaires is...
Where Americans Are Happiest And WhyCo.Exist
The Geography Of Happiness: Where Americans Are Happiest And Why
Sorry, city dwellers. Suburban counties tend to be happiest (as long as you don't have to get in your car to go to work).
The United States was founded so people could pursue happiness, but some places seem to do a better job of it than others. There's a big difference between the happiest and least happy places in the country, according to new research.
Led by Stephan Goetz , a professor at Penn State, the study looks at the number of "poor mental health days" reported per county—that is, the number of days people said they were in a negative mood. The "least happy" communities reported up to 8.3 days a month, compared to less than half-a-day for the happiest. (See the results plotted on the map here, with the highest number of mental health days in red and the lowest in green).
What's behind the variation? Goetz says suburban counties tend to be happier than urban or rural ones, and that non-white counties tend to be happier than whiter ones. People were also happier when they commuted less, moved homes less often, and lived in places deemed to have more closely-knit communities ( higher levels of "social capital" ).
For example, a 1% increase in the share of non-whites in a county reduced the average number of poor mental health days by 0.08%—which is actually a larger number than it might seem, when you consider the whole country. "After controlling for other factors including income, educational attainment, place of residence, commuting time, social capital, there is still a residual, unexplained factor that leaves whites a little bit less happy than non-whites," Goetz says via email. "One possible factor that may explain this difference could be religious adherence, to the extent that it varies between whites and non-whites."
Goetz says suburbanites can have the best of both worlds. They can be close to their jobs but also near enough to activities downtown. They can avoid being around a lot of other people, but then they're not too far away either. However, the effect is dulled by commute times: The research found the longer people spend traveling, the less happy they feel.
The results are based on a large-scale phone survey (using the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System) and come from a six-year average of data from 2002 to 2008. The researchers deliberately chose a period before the recent recession, fearing that might skew the results. The study is the first to look at the factors behind mental health at a county level, the researchers say.
Interestingly, Goetz says poverty is a bigger factor in making people unhappy than inequality, despite the prominence of the latter issue recently. "Recently, inequality has received considerable attention from the public. As a result, the issue of poverty has received less attention," he says. "Our work suggests that policies directed at reducing poverty will go further in terms of reducing poor mental health than will policies directed at reducing income inequality."
Goetz argues that the level of down-days is an important economic indicator as unhappy counties tend to be less productive. The real benefit of the study is that we now know where people are unhappy and what might be driving that.
[Top illustration: julia_sudnik via Shutterstock ]

Keki Mistry has helped HDFC beat the downturnAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Keki Mistry, vice chairman & CEO, HDFC | Best CEO: Financial Services (Large Companies) | (Photo: Rachit Goswami)
The Vice Chairman and CEO of HDFC joined the company because he did not want to leave Mumbai. When Indian Hotels Co. - which runs the Taj Group of Hotels - gave Keki Minoo Mistry a promotion in 1981 which required him to shift to Goa, he decided he would rather quit. "My mother would have been left alone," says Mistry, who lost his father while in college. He soon had three offers - from Indian Sewing Machine Co., Citibank and HDFC. Rejecting the first one was understandable, but why did he prefer the fledgling HDFC to the global Citibank? "Many people told me I'd end up doing repetitive work or get stuck in a single profile for a long time at Citibank," says Mistry. And what were the merits of HDFC? "It was a young organisation, a new business with high growth potential and the opportunity to learn and rise." He joined HDFC 's finance team as an assistant manager in October the same year.
About Keki Mistry
And rise he did, as did HDFC. A pioneer in offering home loans and the largest non-banking finance company in the country today, HDFC, begun in 1977, now has a market cap of around Rs 1,75,000 crore - higher than that of telecom major Bharti Airtel or FMCG giant Hindustan Unilever - with profits of nearly Rs 5,440 crore in 2013/14. Mistry, 60, got his first promotion to Manager in 1985, but the giant leap up came in 1993 when he was made Executive Director and a member of the HDFC board - at age 39, its youngest. He was appointed Managing Director in 2000 and finally Vice Chairman and CEO in 2010.
The secrets of his success are traditional ones - high capability and hard work. "He is a financial wizard, a man of numbers," says HDFC Executive Director V.S. Rangan, who has worked with Mistry for three decades. "He brings integrity to HDFC. He has been steering the company along the growth path, motivating the staff and managing shareholder expectations." Deepak Parekh, HDFC Chairman, is equally effusive. "He is very sincere, hardworking and a thorough gentleman as most Parsis are," he says.
Mistry also has immense discipline. A keen cricketer in his youth - he specialised in spin bowling - he found, not long ago, his left knee hurting severely from overuse. His doctor told him his portly frame was also responsible. The doctor gave him two options - knee replacement surgery or weight reduction. He preferred the second, which as is well known, is easier said than done. But Mistry pulled it off, losing 26 kg in 18 months. "I need to lose another 10 kg," he says. How did he do it? Mistry makes light of the matter. "I'm lucky I'm never hungry," he says.
"In the financial services business, one should not look only at market share. [It] can be increased by lowering margins with lower interest rates or diluting lending standards..."
He is also unflappable. "In the many years we've worked together, I've lost my temper on many occasions," says Parekh. "But I have never seen Keki lose his." It is a trait Mistry picked up from his first boss at HDFC, the man who set up the company, H.T. Parekh. "He shaped the way I grew in the organisation and developed as a person," says Mistry. "I never saw him lose his cool." Deepak Parekh also remarks on Mistry's hands-off management style. "He delegates well and gets the work done," he adds. Finally, Mistry attributes his success at work to the fact that he enjoys it. "The day you look forward to the weekend and hate coming back to work on Monday, you should leave the organisation," he says.
The economy was still in dire straits when Mistry joined the board. Only two years ago, in 1990/91, India had to pledge its gold with the International Monetary Fund for a loan to tide over its financial crisis. It was a period of high inflation and high interest rates. Indeed, 1992/93 was the only year HDFC did not grow its loan approvals because of the prevailing conditions. It depended largely on wholesale borrowing. But retail deposits helped out. "We started retail fixed deposits in the early 1990s. It was an extremely successful programme," says Mistry. (Today, retail deposits account for 31 per cent of HDFC's total funds.)
Alongside the challenges, however, was the thrill of working with the board members, some of whom had formidable reputations. "It was terrific exposure, sitting next to veterans like Russi Mody (the legendary former chairman of Tata Steel)," he adds. Other business legends on the HDFC board then included Keshub Mahindra, N. Vaghul and M. Narasimham.
As part of the top management, Mistry played a major role in HDFC's forays into banking, insurance and asset management. HDFC Bank was set up in 1994; HDFC Life Insurance and HDFC Asset Management Co. in 2000; HDFC Ergo (for general insurance) in 2003. "His efforts have been crucial in transforming the company from a mortgage lender into a leading financial conglomerate," says Rangan.
The other nominee: Financial Services (Large Companies)
Mistry recalls how the collaboration with Standard Life, UK to set up HDFC Life came about from a passing remark he made. In 1995 he met a group of investors in his office, which included John Allen, a fund manager from Standard Life. (Foreign institutional investors currently own 77 per cent of HDFC.) Asked about future business plans of the company, Mistry said: "At some point one of the things we will look at is insurance." The report of the committee headed by former Reserve Bank of India governor R.N. Malhotra, recommending entry of private players into the insurance sector was already out and HDFC had been making plans to enter the sector whenever that happened. Even so, it came as a surprise when, soon after, Deepak Parekh received a letter from Standard Life suggesting a joint venture. HDFC Life - then called HDFC Standard Life - was set up soon after the sector was opened up.
The subsidiaries together currently contribute 31 per cent to HDFC's total revenue. HDFC Life is among the top three private life insurance players. But the biggest success has been HDFC Bank -where HDFC owns 22.5 per cent -which has surpassed the parent on key parameters. HDFC Bank has a market capitalisation of Rs 2,22,000 crore against HDFC's Rs 1,75,000 crore. Its total annual income of Rs 41,135 crore is way ahead of HDFC's Rs 24,143 crore.
The year 2000 proved particularly challenging for HDFC. That was when the two largest banks in the country, State Bank of India and ICICI Bank, also ventured into home loans, offering lower interest rates than HDFC. With vast low cost deposits of bank customers at their disposal, they could afford to do so. (Even today, HDFC's rate of 10.15 per cent for home loan is marginally higher than SBI's 10.10 per cent.) Initially, investors asked uncomfortable questions, but Mistry was unmoved. "In the financial services business, one should not look only at market share," he says. "Market share can be increased by lowering margins with lower interest rates or diluting lending standards. But that is not a sustainable long term strategy." Despite its higher rates, HDFC has continued to grow its profit at a compound annual growth rate close to 20 per cent. Its net non-performing assets figure is in the negative as it has over-provided for assets.
Keki Mistry's steady rise to the top
Similarly, despite the post-2008 downturn, HDFC has been increasing its share of retail loans. Individual loans account for over 70 per cent of its loan book against 66 per cent five years ago. Indeed, in 2013/14, 85 per cent of the incremental growth of the loan book came from individual loans. HDFC, however, did succumb to the temptation of teaser loans after the SBI introduced them in February 2009. (These are loans with a fixed interest rate for the first three years, with a floating rate kicking in thereafter.) The RBI subsequently frowned on such loans and market players had to discontinue them.
Mistry believes the home loan market's potential is immense. "Sixty per cent of the country's population is below 30," he says.
"All these people will need to buy homes." Mortgages in India constitute a mere nine per cent of the gross domestic product against 17 to 18 per cent in China, more than 65 per cent in the US and over 80 per cent in the UK. "Penetration has to go up in the next five to 10 years," he adds. Lately, he has been busy strategising two new verticals as well - education and property funds. Both are promising new businesses. "We are steadily building them," says Mistry.

Worst for Indian economy may be behind us: Aroon PurieWorst for Indian economy may be behind us: Aroon Purie
December 3, 2014
Aroon Purie, chairman and editor-in-Chief of India Today Group welcomes the country's top business minds to the second edition of MindRush, Business Today's conclave for corporate leaders.
More from this section

Know more about Keki Mistry  vice-chairman of HDFC bankKnow more about Keki Mistry, vice-chairman of HDFC bank
December 2, 2014
Keki Mistry, vice-chairman and CEO of HDFC bank has won best CEO award in Financial Services- Large Companies category.
More from this section

Shree Cement leads peers in terms of efficiencyAjay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
HM Bangur, managing director, Shree Cement | Best CEO: Cement (Mid-sized companies) | (Photo: Anindya Saha)
He has over 36 years of experience behind him and has often questioned settled beliefs in business. Hari Mohan Bangur, the 62-year-old Managing Director of Shree Cement , today leads the Rs 5,900-crore company by example.
About HM Bangur
"Everybody is intelligent enough to understand when they see your actions. If your dedication to the company is one per cent less, then it will rise to two per cent at the next level of leadership, four per cent at the next level... If you are 100 per cent dedicated, everyone gets the message. Your action is important, not what you say," says Bangur.
The company was founded in 1979. When the Bangur family split, the company had a capacity of 600,000 tonnes. The joint family used to run another company by the name of Digvijay Cement.
A chemical engineer from IIT Mumbai, Bangur has taken the Kolkata-based company to new heights. The production capacity has gone up to 22 million tonnes. Shree Cement reported a profit of Rs 787 crore in the year ended June, 2014. An operating profit margin of 29.47 per cent is a matter of envy even for its industry peers like ACC and UltraTech Cement.
Its stock price has jumped more than six times since November 2009 and has helped the company attain a market cap of Rs 31,000 crore. "The market is giving us right valuation," says Bangur.
Despite all this, Bangur says success is not just about building capacities or higher profits, but about motivating the team to achieve new milestones from limited resources. A case in point is when he set up a brownfield clinker plant in 2009 in 367 days when the average time required for such a task was 630 days. Next year, he set up a similar unit in 330 days.
"If you are 100 per cent dedicated, everyone gets the message. Your action is important, not what you say"
Today, the efficient practices started by Shree Cement are being emulated even by its competitors. "In India, all our clinker units have waste heat generation capability. We have only five per cent of India's clinker capacity but have more than 25 per cent of the waste heat generation capacity in the cement industry," he says.
The cement industry may have seen many mergers and acquisitions but the company's growth has been essentially organic. Only recently did the firm buy a clinker unit in Haryana from Jaiprakash Associates for Rs 360 crore. "We don't like to buy assets for capex. An acquisition has to offer good value," says Bangur.
B.L. Jain, Director of B.K. Birla-promoted Century Textiles and Industries, says there can be no two opinions about Bangur's success. "He runs his plants most efficiently and has gone for judicious expansions without borrowing," he says.
Shree Cement, which had focussed on the north Indian market, is setting up facilities in Uttar Pradesh, Chattisgarh and Bihar. "In North, we have a market share of 20 per cent and we will maintain it. We want to grow in the East," says Bangur.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
The company has also faced its share of impediments. The expansion in 1997 had affected its reserves and it was burdened with debts. "The demand suddenly took a beating when we commissioned the new capacity. More than 10 per cent of revenue was interest cost. We didn't know how to go about," says Bangur.
Forced to look for external cash infusion, Shree Cement came close to joining hands with French cement major Vicat. "But for minor differences, the deal did not materialise. Neither of us wanted to be at 49 per cent and so a 50:50 partnership was agreed. But I was worried how differences of two equals will be resolved in decision-making," says Bangur.
So instead of a deal with Vicat, the company hoped that the market will improve. Meanwhile, it got a shot in the arm in the form of a new fuel. Petcoke was being talked about though no Indian player was using it in a significant manner. It was about 40 per cent cheaper than coal and fuel is 70 per cent of the variable cost in cement production. Bangur sent a team to Europe to study its use. The team returned with positive feedback and another team from the operations department was sent. Soon the company started using petcoke along with coal. The savings restored health to the balance sheet.
The other nominees: Cement (Mid-sized companies)
On the marketing side, too, the company has challenged set beliefs. "A marketing guru will tell you to advertise in cricket. But that would cost us ten times more. So, we advertised in news channels and have built successful brands by investing less," he says. Shree has three brands: Shree Ultra, Bangur and Rockstrong.
It is not that Bangur has not ever erred. For instance, the company tried using oxygen in the kiln to increase output. "We now see that was quite foolish. It was a total failure," he says.
At his residence spread over 1.5 acre in Kolkata's posh Alipur area, Bangur enjoys riding Segway, the two-wheeled, self-balancing electric vehicle. On holidays, he plays volleyball with a group of friends. Bridge too is his favourite game and he is a member of Corporate Bridge Association of India.
Bangur is now ready to pass the baton to the next generation. His son Prashant has been in business for 12 years and is now a Director. "I have found an equal in my son. He is a very powerful link between me and all my executives," says the senior Bangur.

Facebook adds 3rd antivirus engine to protect users  dataFacebook adds 3rd antivirus engine to protect users' data
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:38 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Facebook Inc is adding a third antivirus engine to its service to filter malware content and protect users' data.
PC World has reported that technology from Slovakia-based Eset will be added to the antivirus cache that already includes F-Secure and Trend Micro.
Facebook can detect malware on its servers if the device is infected and warn users to run an antivirus scan. The scan results can then be seen and disabled without logging out of Facebook.

Business Today presents awards to 20 best CEOs of India for 2014Business Today presents awards to 20 best CEOs of India for 2014
December 3, 2014
Watch out MindRush 2014 Award ceremony where 20 best CEOs were presented awards in different categories. The awards were presented by management guru Ram Charan, Aroon Purie, chairman and editor-in-chief of India Today and Manpreet Singh Chadha, vice chairman at Wave Group.
More from this section

Our pick on digital revolution was spot on: N ChandrasekaranOur pick on digital revolution was spot on: N Chandrasekaran
December 3, 2014
N Chandrasekaran, CEO of Tata Consultancy Services speaks on the period of global recession that took place in 2008-09 and what strategies, plans the company adopted during that period.
More from this section

Can you handle your education loanStory
Can you handle your education loan?
As more and more people default on student loans, we tell you how to ensure hassle-free debt repayment
Teena Jain Kaushal      Follow @Teena_Kaushal    Edition: December 2014
Photo: Reuters
Sonali Kapoor has completed her course in fashion design and is looking for a job. While the wait tests her patience, her problems are compounded by the fact that she has taken an education loan of Rs 4 lakh. "The loan repayment starts in a few months and If I don't find a job in time I may have to go home and ask my parents to repay the loan," says the 22-year-old.
Kapoor is part of a growing number of students who have been struggling to repay their education loans . A number of factors have contributed to this situation, starting with the 2008 recession when many people lost their jobs in the aftermath of the global financial crisis. Also, over the past few years, a number of sub-standard educational institutions have mushroomed in various parts of the country, creating an oversupply of employable students. A number of such students manage to get jobs after finishing their degrees but low salaries mean quite a few end up defaulting on their loans.
The numbers testify to the current situation. The credit quality of banks has deteriorated notably over the last three years. A loan is classified as a non-performing asset, or NPA, if the EMI is overdue for 90 days. Gross NPAs of banks rose from 2.4% of gross advances in March 2011 to 4.1% in March 2014. Net NPAs to net advances stood at 2.2% in March 2014. Banking experts say public sector banks have given education loans of around Rs 60,000 crore. The delinquency rate in the segment is as high as 8-9%. Shikha Sharma, managing director and CEO of Axis Bank, recently said in an interview that credit losses were very high in the education loan portfolio and that such loans were "becoming unviable".
Neeraj Saxena, CEO, Avanse Education Loans, says, "Delinquency rates are highest in the low-ticket size education loans (Rs 1-4 lakh). These loans are mostly given without any guarantor or guarantee, so the borrower may not be under any pressure to repay on time."
He adds that although loans may be available easily, the courses that students choose may not be up to the mark. So, a number of these students either end up unemployed or with jobs that do not pay them well enough to repay the loan.
Another factor contributing to delinquency is the fact that borrowers are not educated enough about responsible borrowing and the repercussions of not repaying loans on time. Due to a rise in bad loans, banks are now shying away from lending to students.
Rishi Mehra, co-founder, Deal-4loans.com, says, "Banks give priority to top 100 colleges in each stream. Students of colleges whose degrees are recognised and placement rates are high get loans easily. But smaller, private institutes which give diploma certifications are not preferred."
Rahul Soota, executive director, mymoneymantra, a financial distribution company, says, "We have noticed that a large number of people have started taking personal loans for education as they are facing difficulty in getting loans from banks."
What to Do if You Miss the EMI
Unlike personal loans, the repayment of education loan does not begin immediately. The education loan scheme provides a repayment holiday which is inclusive of the study period, plus a moratorium of one year or six months after getting the job, whichever is earlier. However, if you still default, your credit score gets affected, which is likely to create a problem when you apply for a loan in future. It is advisable to keep a buffer of at least three months before your EMIs begin. This way you will have some time in hand if you fail to get a job immediately or if there is any break in job. Here are a few options to consider if you are unable to pay off your debt.
Extend the payment tenure: Education loans have longer tenures as one cannot start paying high EMIs fresh out of college. Punjab National Bank, whose exposure to the education loan segment stood at Rs 4,259 crore in June 2014, with NPAs of 4.43%, offers loans up to Rs 7.5 lakh, which can be repaid in ten years. For loans above Rs 7.5 lakh, repayment options of 15 years are available.
If a student is not able to find a job in the moratorium period, he or she can apply for an extension of the tenure. By extending the tenure, one can reduce the EMI amount considerably. Adding to the point, LC Saravagi, assistant general manager, Punjab National Bank, says, "Those who had availed of education loans with a repayment period of up to five-seven years have the opportunity of getting the repayment period extended up to 10-15 years depending on a case-to-case basis."
The key lies in discussing your financial situation with the bank. In a number of cases banks relax norms for repayment until a student finds a job. This, of course, becomes easier if you have a healthy, preexisting relationship with the bank. Saxena says, "In case the student is unable to repay on time, Avanse can extend the in-school period or the entire loan repayment term. In extenuating circumstances, Avanse lets the student defer repayment until he or she finds suitable employment. Avanse may even assist the student in his search for a job."
Restructure the loan: You can get relaxations to make the repayment process easier. For example, many lenders allow students to pay just the simple interest or partial simple interest until he or she finds a suitable job. They also give a chance to pre-close the loan by liquidating an investment.
Saxena says, "If the education loan is with a PSU bank, then Avanse can take over the loan at more favourable terms. The student may be allowed to swap the existing co-applicant for a more financially sound co-applicant who can repay the loan until the student is gets back on his feet."
Anil Rego, a Banglore-based financial planner, says, "One should go back and see how a bank can restructure the loan. One can also ask the family for support for sometime till one gets a job. The interest rate on education loans is already low and so refinancing does not make sense."
Get a part-time job: If you haven't found the right job and the moratorium of the loan is about to end, it may not be a bad idea to pick up a part-time job. This is, of course, not what you had in mind when you took the loan for a degree, but this way you can earn enough to pay EMIs in the initial days.
Effects of Missing the EMI
Your credit score gets affected if you default on EMI. It spoils your credit score and you may not be eligible for a loan in future. It affects the guarantor as well. Saxena says, "The credit history of the guarantor is affected in the same way as the student's credit history as the guarantor has joint liability to repay the loan. This may jeopardise the guarantor's ability to access credit in future."
However, since credit histories generally reflect the fact that the person concerned is a guarantor and not the primary applicant, financial institutions may take a softer approach towards the guarantor.
What happens to the collateral? Saxena says, "If the guarantor has provided a tangible guarantee as collateral in the form of a property or fixed deposit for the education loan, he/she will not be able to have freehold rights on that collateral until the loan is repaid in full. The guarantor may not be able to get further loans on the collateral or utilize it in financial transactions."
With education institutes mushrooming in the country it is advisable to calculate your return on investment before enrolling into one. Based on numbers, find out if the course is worth doing. Don't go by the promises and do enquire about the quality of education from the last batch.

PM Modi  Mukesh Ambani most searched this yearPM Modi, Mukesh Ambani most searched personalities in 2014: Yahoo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 15:00 IST
PM  Narendra Modi
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and industrialist Mukesh Ambani feature amongst the most searched personalities online this year, according to search engine Yahoo.
According to the seventh edition of Yahoo India's 'Year in Review', Prime Minister Narendra Modi led the list of 'High and Mighty-the Political Top 10' in 2014, followed by his aides Arun Jaitley (Finance and I&B Minister) and BJP President Amit Shah.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Congress President Sonia Gandhi, Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu and BJP General Secretary Ram Madhav have also been named in the list.
The review is based on users' daily search habits and an editorial selection of what they read, recommended and shared most on Yahoo in India.
"The slew of reforms and Modi's efforts to improve diplomatic ties were of ongoing interest to Yahoo users. 'Make in India' made it to the top of the list of Biggest Financial Events of the Year," Yahoo said.
Industrialist Mukesh Ambani made a second appearance at the No. 1 spot as the nation's most influential people, followed by Tata Group boss Cyrus Mistry and Gautam Adani, Chief of Adani Group of Industries.
This year's top finance newsmakers include Apple CEO Tim Cook, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Infosys CEO and MD Vishal Sikka, Flipkart's Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal and Snapdeal's Rohit Bansal.
Two high-profile deaths in the corporate world -the mysterious plane crash of French oil major Total's CEO Christophe de Margerie's in Moscow and the death of Tata Motors' MD Karl Slym in Bangkok-were among other top searches in this category.
Sachin Tendulkar, with his much talked about autobiography, topped the cricketers of the year list, followed by Phil Hughes, MS Dhoni and N Srinivasan.
Sunny Leone was the most-searched celebrity for the third year in a row, along with names like Deepika Padukone, Alia Bhatt, Hrithik Roshan and John Abraham.
In the tech category, Yahoo users searched for Apple iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4, Microsoft XBox One, Amazon Kindle Fire, Sony PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Surface Pro 3.
Most popular cars in terms of online search were Hyundai Xcent, Tata Zest, Hyundai Elite i20, Maruti Ciaz and Diesel powered Honda City.

HC refuses to stay Lingaa release  adjourns case to Dec. 12Updated: December 9, 2014 20:21 IST
HC refuses to stay ‘Lingaa’ release, adjourns case to Dec. 12
PTI
controversies (cinema)
The Madras High Court on Tuesday refused to stay the release of Tamil superstar Rajinikanth’s ‘Lingaa’ as sought by a civil suit and further adjourned the case to December 12.
When the civil suit by M/s Balaji Studios Private Limited, which claimed that the storyline of ‘Lingaa’ was in line with that of Telugu film ‘Indra’, came up for hearing, Justice R Subbiah refused to stay the release of ‘Linga’ and adjourned the matter to December 12.
Claiming that the storyline, dialogues, scene sequence and characters of ‘Lingaa’ was the infringement of ‘Indra’, for which it had the remake rights in Tamil, the petitioner company submitted that it was planning to remake the Telugu film in Tamil and the basic work for it was going on.
The petitioner company contended that producers of ‘Lingaa’ “intentionally” adopted the main story base of the Telugu film and have also cast the same characters, scripted and arranged scene sequences.
The petitioner company further sought an interim direction restraining the release of ‘Lingaa’ and prayed for the appointment of an Advocate Commissioner to watch the film privately in the presence of its directors and submit a report to the Court.
The director of ‘Lingaa’ K S Ravikumar, in his counter affidavit stated that he had no knowledge of the story line of the Telugu film and submitted that the story line, dialogues, scene sequences and characters cast in ‘Indra’ have not been infringed, adopted or copied in the film ‘Lingaa’ and prayed to dismiss the suit.
The Madurai bench of the High Court had on December 3 dismissed a similar plea by Ravi Rathinam, a film maker, saying merits of the rival claims made by both parties that they owned the story cannot be investigated in summary proceedings in a writ petition.
Ravi Rathinam had alleged then that the storyline of “Lingaa” was same as that of his 2013 movie “Mullai Vanam 999”.
Ravikumar and screenplay writer S Ponkumaran argued then that the petitioner had not published his story anywhere till date. Hence Ravi Rathinam could not claim copyright for one which was unpublished.
RELATED NEWS

Private Red Eye: The Hunt for Coffee in a New York Minuteprivate red eye: the hunt for coffee in a new york minute
3 questions to ask before turning your idea into a company3 questions to ask before turning your idea into a company
Turn your idea into a company
kraphix / Getty Images/iStockphoto
How do you know if a good idea will become a profitable company?
How do you know if a good idea will become a profitable company? (kraphix / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Seth Talbott, Young Entrepreneur Council Tribune Content Agency
What makes a great idea actually great?
One of the most difficult concepts that I have to discuss when advising aspiring startups is that a great idea can still be a lousy business. A wannabe founder will describe to me a product or service that all of their friends swear is going to be a game-changer, only to be confused (and occasionally indignant) when challenged with a series of questions that they hadn't considered before. Often, they have spent months planning, building and scheming only to find out later that they have wasted their time on a product that no one wants, no one understands or no one will ever hear of because of 50 other competitors.
8
I can relate. I've come up with plenty of ideas that I thought would be great businesses, only to discover that they wouldn't work because I didn't properly assess the tremendous difficulty of building that idea into a profitable company. Building a successful company is hard enough without facing challenges that you might not be able to overcome through sheer will and creativity.
So what makes a great idea actually great? Here are the top three things that I look at when evaluating a potential new product or service:
Does it solve a problem that enough people will pay for?
0
Just because you found a problem and put the time and effort into solving it doesn't mean that you will find people willing to actually pay money for a solution. For example, I ran into a business that created an awesome piece of software that significantly reduced the time and labor needed to complete huge data migrations. Sounds great, right? Unfortunately, their target customers were people who work on projects that bill per hour. They made a product that reduced the billable hours that their customers could charge their clients. And they were confused as to why no one would ever return their calls. Awkward.
You need to understand your customer, their motivations and their business model before you potentially waste a lot of time and money. I have wasted more time on this mistake than I would like to admit — don't make the same one.
Can you dominate with meaningful differentiation?
We need to recognize how easy it is to fall in love with our own ideas and create a product with meaningless differentiation. This question is for those of you who love to "build." Often, the differences we highlight between ourselves and our competitors aren't that important to the customer.
This can be a fatal flaw when trying to stand out in a crowded marketplace. You can't dominate an industry if you can't differentiate in ways that resonate with your customers without a lot of explanation. If the difference between you and your nearest competitor is hard to explain, then you will struggle with marketing, sales and fundraising. By the way, "struggle" is my code word for "likely to fail."
Hockey stick growth, or just a neat business?
Just because you can find potential customers doesn't mean that you can find enough customers quickly and easily enough. And here is the worst part: You can initially sell the idea to a few companies, thinking that you are onto something, only to realize later that you were addressing niche issues that aren't as common as you assumed.
This is why you need to understand the market that you are selling into early and connect with people who have been in the industry for a long time. That way, you can correctly assess whether or not your solution applies to enough other customers to really matter. There is nothing wrong with starting a company that just pays your bills and doesn't scale to the moon, but learn to recognize the difference so that you don't waste you time trying to build a huge company around a limited idea.
Sufficiently answering these three questions is not a guarantee that you have a successful business on your hands, but it's a start. And these three issues aren't necessarily the most obvious, especially to first-time entrepreneurs. The long and short of it is that I wish that someone had asked me these tough questions about 10 years ago when I started my first company. It would have saved me a lot of wasted time — and I find that the older I get, the less I care about losing money as much I do my time.
For those of you who've been in my shoes, what questions would you add to this list?
Seth Talbott started his career in IT and software development 15+ years ago.

Some patience  please  for achhe dinSome patience, please, for achhe din
HARSH PATI SINGHANIA
Tweet
Do you understand ? That turning this around is no easy matter vrender/shutterstock.com
They cannot materialise all of a sudden. The government is trying, but we need to give it time to pull it off
The Reserve Bank of India’s decision to exercise its own judgment and keep interest rate unchanged must have disheartened those who were expecting a rate cut. For many of us in industry, the rate cut was deemed essential to usher in achhe din. It was as if achhe din was locked inside a room, and the key to open the lock was a rate cut.
Meanwhile, independent observers have been engaged in analysing the performance of the Narendra Modi government. A highly respected commentator had this to say: “Achhe din nahi, lekin sitare achhe hain” (Good days are not yet here but the stars are good).
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was frank enough to say that the entire government was working in a hurry as people were getting restless for results.
This is the crux of the issue.
High expectations
Expectations are rapidly rising; people are eagerly waiting for results. And, results must be shown at the earliest if the government is to meet the expectations of the people, particularly as a series of State-level elections is due in the next 12 to 18 months. This is a challenge before the new government, that is, to deliver at the earliest. Thankfully, the government is fully aware of this.
However, there is a lacuna in our thinking. The phrase, achhe din, comes straight from the election campaign. What exactly is meant by it has not yet been explained. What is worse, no one has bothered to understand or explain their expectations of achhe din.
One can even say it was taken in a rather narrow sense, as in the last few years growth kept falling and hardships were rising. Probably, everyone wanted to see growth coming back to the previous peak of 9.4 per cent or at least to an average 8 per cent annual growth, as against 6.7 per cent as has been the case over the previous five years.
Per capita income must rise, inflation must be brought under control to increase real purchasing power, increased job creation must happen, the twin deficits (fiscal and current account) should be brought down for sustainable high growth, and so on, was the general understanding of achhe din.
For the poor sections of the society, it meant there must be electricity, water supply, food security, roof over the head, and so on among other things.
Misunderstood promise
The campaign did not specify the time frame required for achhe din for all. The how and what of it also remained unexplained. In the absence of adequate communication the concept, unfortunately, was misunderstood and expectations were allowed to fly high.
At the same time, it was least understood that in order to usher in achhe din a whole lot of steps were required; there was also a need for patience and to realise that nothing can happen overnight.
There is, therefore, need to temper expectations and go about our duties and functions in a normal way. The point that needs to be asked at this time is whether the government is moving towards its stated purpose? Is the government sincere in its objective and what has it done so far? I am not getting into the chronology of actions taken so far but would only like to provide a perspective.
First, as is well known, the present government has inherited a huge set of problems and systemic deficiencies. The problems were divergent and difficult to address. Given this, the Modi government had to decide on the road map for growth and stability. It had to also prioritise the things to be done. The Prime Minister has been going about his task meticulously and reaching the people by way of communication and enhancing accessibility, bringing about more transparency in working of the government.
Second, his approach to development is bottom up, which is aimed at solidifying the base, besides expanding it. For instance, the Jan Dhan Yojana is a solid move to rationalise subsidies and provide financial inclusion, besides ensuring greater penetration of banking activities. He has not gone about demolishing existing structures but trying to make the same more productive; take, for example, the restructuring of MNREGA.
This saves costs while making the establishment more result-oriented. Going ahead, this will make a significant dent in the many ills of the Indian economy, including subsidies. This will not only strengthen the base and the foundation, but is expected to prepare the ground for sustainable growth.
Third, the idea is to involve everyone in the task of building the economy and make India a global leader, in all spheres of economic activity.
Inclusive approach
Ultimately, the economy will be propelled by people and their ambitions, besides abilities and skills, rather than merely by the government. Modi’s policies so far have been geared towards realising this possibility. Nothing can be better than a scenario in which people decide their future and work for it. As far as industry is concerned, the move to rationalise labour laws, the liberalisation of FDI rules, the attempts to resolve structural constraints relating to land and forests, and so on are indeed moves in the right direction.
To give an analogy, the government is working like a farmer who is trying to cultivate a drought-affected land by tilling it, cultivating it, and sowing the seeds for crops to grow and be ready for harvesting at a later date. As far as the current year is concerned, we should not expect a shooting high growth, but definitely a significant recovery from the low of 4.7 per cent last year.
To conclude, the domestic economy has two influences. First, the domestic economic environment. Second, in a globalised world, it is also influenced by forces in the global economy. We need to bear this in mind before pronouncing whether achhe din have arrived or not. This, in my view, is a very important corporate responsibility.
The writer is the director of JK Organisation and vice-chairman and managing director of JK Paper. The views are personal
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Points to note while reporting foreign assetsPoints to note while reporting foreign assets
Surendra Pareek
Nest egg abroad No place to hide COSPV/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
Indian tax law makes such disclosures mandatory. But it should address confidentiality concerns
The nation waits with bated breath as the names of individuals found to be holding bank accounts in Liechtenstein are being disclosed. While that drama unfolds, there are many taxpayers in this country who remain unaware, either of their obligations to report foreign assets to the Indian tax authorities or how they could be impacted by non-compliance with such reporting requirements.
The implications of unaccounted money on an economy can be significant. It was to address the tax loss on account of non-disclosure of income earned from assets held abroad by Indian tax residents that important changes were brought into the Indian tax law in 2012.
The tax return forms to be used by tax residents of India, beginning from the Indian tax year 2011-12, were amended. The revised tax forms contain a schedule in which foreign assets, such as bank accounts or property held outside India by the taxpayer, are required to be reported. Non-disclosure or inaccurate disclosures may lead to penalties and may even invite prosecution.
Global scenario
Several other countries, notably the US, Brazil, Japan, China and Italy, mandate foreign asset reporting, with varying requirements that are easier to comply with in some countries and cumbersome in others. Surprisingly, India has joined this bandwagon early. There is some clarity required in the Indian tax law/tax form on the ‘assets’ required to be reported. Subjective interpretation on this reporting has led to varying levels of compliance.
While there are guidelines provided in the tax form, additional clarification on the meaning of an ‘asset’ and particularly identification of those assets that are not required to be reported, would be helpful in removing different interpretations by taxpayers. There are certain tax jurisdictions, such as the US and Japan, which have brought in clarity on the class of assets that ought to be reported and those that need not to be reported by taxpayers.
Specify it
A number of employees who travel outside India on assignments, routinely open a foreign bank account while on assignment. Under the current Indian tax rules, all foreign bank accounts are required to be reported, without regard to considerations of materiality. Many taxpayers are unaware of the regulations surrounding reporting of such foreign assets and may therefore not be fully compliant with the Indian tax rules.
Reporting all assets, irrespective of their value, places an onerous obligation on taxpayers who wish to be fully compliant with the Indian tax law. It may be worthwhile for the Indian tax authorities to specify a threshold value of foreign assets, below which reporting could be made voluntary.
Currently, it is mandatory for ordinary tax residents of India to disclose foreign assets. The return forms require the disclosure of confidential information on foreign bank accounts.
These include the name of the foreign bank, the name used to open the account, the account number, and peak balance held at any time during the fiscal year.
Data theft is a significant concern that arises in the minds of taxpayers, especially since taxpayers are required to file their tax return form electronically. These concerns would need to be adequately addressed. Certain countries require similar foreign asset disclosures to be made to a banking authority, since confidentiality concerns may be better handled.
Self-reporting of foreign assets is only one of the measures implemented by the Indian tax authorities to gather information. This requirement is here to stay and taxpayers must remain fully informed of their changing obligations.
The writer is a partner (Tax) at KPMG. Rohini Ramya contributed to the article. The views are personal
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Costco s a deal for shoppers. The CEOCostco Wholesale store in King of Prussia, PA. (Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Everyone loves a bargain. Costco COST may be getting one in CEO W. Craig Jelinek.
In an era of oversized pay packages and  stock grants, Jelinek pulled in a relatively modest $5.6 million in fiscal 2014 compensation, up 4.8% from 2013, the members-only warehouse giant and USA’s second-largest retailer said in a preliminary proxy Tuesday.
That’s about half the median $10.5 million pay Standard & Poor’s 500 company CEOs made in 2013.
Jelinek’s compensation included $650,000 in salary, $4.8 million stock award and a $90,000 bonus – about what some CEOs get in annual personal use of the corporate yet.
Jeinek gained another $3.3 million exercising previously awarded stock options and $5.3 million from vested shares, vs. stock and options gains valued at about $11.9 million in 2013, according to corporate filings.
Jelinek, 62, a 30-year Costco executive, was named CEO in January 2012, replacing the always frugal co-founder Jim Sinegal.
Costco said it had a 2014 pre-tax income target of $3.25 billion, it ended with $3.197 billion, hitting 98.4% of target.  The company is scheduled to report third-quarter earnings Wednesday.  Year-to-date, Costco shares are up about 20%.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Report: Massachusetts police grant professional courtesy to other officers caught driving drunkThe Boston Globe reports that Massachusetts cops are letting one another off the hook for drunken driving.
The first time Brian Simpkins was arrested on a charge of drunken driving — after ramming his Chevy pickup into a tree in Canton — he was just 19.
The second time he was arrested — after he was found passed out in his car with the engine running in September 2012, a half-empty can of Coors Light lying on the floor — he was a state trooper, charged with keeping the roads safe from drunk drivers.
Simpkins, 41, admitted that he started drinking beer after a softball tournament, went to a bar and drank some more, then went to another tavern and kept drinking before heading to the Wendy’s in Stoughton, where he was found asleep at the wheel, according to the arrest report.
He was so groggy that when a state trooper asked him for his driver’s license, he handed over his Visa card instead.
But the Massachusetts State Police kept Simpkins, who earns roughly $130,000 a year, on paid administrative duty even after he lost his license for a year for refusing a breath test and couldn’t go out on patrol. And with no alcohol test results, a judge acquitted him of the criminal charges after tossing much of the other evidence on legal technicalities. Now, he’s back on patrol out of the Boston barracks.
Simpkins is one of at least 30 Massachusetts law enforcement officials who have been charged with drunken driving while off-duty since the start of 2012, a Globe review has found. The crashes collectively killed three people and injured more than a half-dozen others.
Though some officers resigned or were placed on unpaid leave after the charges, a majority kept their jobs, sometimes after a short suspension.
The drunken driving tally is almost certainly low because not every arrest is widely reported and officers sometimes let their peers off the hook, a practice known as “professional courtesy.” Massachusetts police departments have launched internal reviews at least four times in the last three years after learning that an officer or former officer was accused of drunken driving but was not arrested.
The Globe also found the vast majority of officers, like Simpkins, refused to take a breath test, making it harder to prosecute them criminally for drunken driving. And departments frequently went out of their way to accommodate them — keeping officers on the payroll even after they temporarily lost their licenses for refusing the test and could no longer do their regular duties.
The paper also reports that police departments across the state refused to release information about the cops who were caught driving drunk, including names, police reports and photos. When regular people are arrested for driving under the influence, all that information is made public. That can cost you your job and reputation, all before you’ve had your day in court.
In the link roundup this morning, I included a piece by Conor Friedersdorf at the Atlantic making the case for applying the “broken windows” approach to policing to cops themselves. The basic idea is that petty corruptions lead to bigger ones. Not that drunken driving is a petty thing. But this is far from the first report about cops letting one another off for getting tanked behind the wheel. It isn’t even the first time the issue has come up in Massachusetts. See also recent reports in Buffalo , Indianapolis , Denver , San Jose and the Seattle-Tacoma area .
And in any case, it starts before that, with the more routine “professional courtesies” cops grant after unknowingly pulling over an off-duty fellow officer for speeding, running lights, tailgating and other traffic offenses. The practice not only subverts the rule of law and lets cops think they’re above the rules, it also reinforces the “there’s us, and there’s everybody else”  mindset that gives us the  Blue Code of Silence and knee-jerk defenses of the indefensible .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

WTO rules against US steel dispute with IndiaWTO rules against US in India steel dispute
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 12:21 IST
In a major relief to the steel industry, the World Trade Organization (WTO) has ruled against the US, which had imposed high duty on imports of certain steel products from India.
According to a commerce ministry statement on Tuesday, "India has achieved a significant victory at the WTO as the appellate body held that the countervailing duty (CVD) measures imposed by the US against certain hot-rolled carbon steel flat products are inconsistent with various provisions of the ASCM (Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures)."
The move will definitely help domestic manufacturers, which have been suffering due to inconsistent practices by the US department of commerce, the statement added.
"The implication of this ruling is that the US has to amend its domestic law to be WTO compliant. It has significant trade impact for India as out of the current 10 products on which US has imposed CVD, about 7 products suffer from the same inconsistency."
Washington has imposed duties of about 300 per cent on these product imports. The US had imposed the higher duties on steel imports from India arguing that some domestic companies were being indirectly subsidised by the Indian government.
The case involved US duties imposed because a portion of the iron ore used to produce Indian steel products came from India's top iron ore miner National Mineral Development Corporation, a public sector undertaking that supplies steelmakers such as Tata and Essar.
The WTO also rejected some of the findings of the Geneva-based organisation's dispute settlement panel which were in India's favour. The body has also recommended that the US should modify its norms and bring them in line with the WTO's agreement.

Panel recommends 49 pct cap on foreign investment in insurance in RSNissan Motor announces pre-bookings of Datsun GO+ in India
The long pending hike in foreign investment limit in insurance sector to 49 per cent may soon become a reality with the Parliamentary panel endorsing the government bill after incorporating Congress party suggestion of a composite cap on overseas investments.
Approving a government bill to amend the Insurance Act, the Select Committee in its report to the Rajya Sabha recommended a composite foreign investment cap of 49 per cent which would include Foreign Direct Investment (FDI and portfolio investment.
At present only 26 per cent FDI is allowed in private sector insurance companies. The hike in foreign investment limit is estimated to attract about Rs 25,000 crore of overseas funds in the sector.
“The Committee recommends that the composite cap of 49 per cent should be inclusive of all forms of foreign direct investment and foreign portfolio investments,” the report said.
With the Congress, which has been pressing for a composite cap, pacified, the government is likely to bring the Bill for consideration of the Upper House as early as next week.
The Congress support for the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008, is crucial as the ruling NDA does not have majority in the Upper House.
The bill, which has been pending since 2008, may not have a smooth ride in the Rajya Sabha with certain political parties opposing further opening of the insurance sector to foreign investment.
The report of the Select Committee contains dissent notes from four members — P Rajeev (CPI-M), Derek O’Brien (TMC), Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) and K C Tyagi (JDU).
The Rajya Sabha had in August appointed a 15-member Select committee to scrutinise the long pending Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008. The Bill was held up for nearly six years on account of political differences.
The panel, headed by Rajya Sabha MP Chandan Mitra, has suggested inclusion of a person from the insurance industry in the Securities Appellate Tribunal as an expert.
The panel has recommended suitable amendment to the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act for the inclusion.
It also recommended that penalties on insurance companies be linked to seriousness of offences committed by them. It has suggested mechanism to ensure that there is minimum scope for subjective interpretation.
The Standing Committee on Finance headed by senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha in 2011 had rejected the proposal to hike FDI to 49 per cent in the insurance sector, saying it may not have the desired effect and could expose the economy to global vulnerability.
Meanwhile, the Select Committee unanimously agreed not to bring down the paid-up equity capital in the health insurance sector as compared to the life and general insurance.
The panel suggested that the capital requirements may be retained at the Rs 100-crore level to ensure health insurers have adequate capacity for providing critical services to citizens, and it also pitched for giving top priority to this segment.
“The insurance Bill be passed,” the Committee said, adding the government may take more measures as recommended by it.
The committee suggested that the Law Ministry and the insurance regulator IRDA should modify the definition of the term “nominee” in order to remove any ambiguity. The Supreme Court had suggested that there was no need for two categories of nominees — beneficiary nominee and collector nominee.
It also recommended that adequate protective mechanism be instituted to ensure agents get their commission and the commission structure be determined by IRDA on market conditions.
Post Comments
More from industry

Kate looks stunning at Royal couple s final event in USlifestyle
Kate looks stunning at Royal couple’s final event in US
Kate, Ducchess of Cambridge, looked stunning in a dark green crepe, pleated, off-the-shoulder Jenny Packham dress at a black-tie scholarship fundraiser for their alma mater, St. Andrews, at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
Britain's Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge on the last day of their three-day tour of New York City, their first visit to the United States since a trip to California in 2011. (Source: AP)
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Tuesday, Dec. 9, 2014, in New York.  (Source: AP)
With her husband by her side, five-month-old pregnant Kate wore her gown with her engagement ring and diamond earrings. (Source: AP)
Kate and William have left their one year old son Prince George back home. Kate, who is known to recycle her clothes,  had earlier worn this gown to an event in 2013. (Source: AP)
Aww! Kate's tiny baby bump is visible. (Source: AP)
Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, attends the St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Dinner at The Metropolitan Museum of Art. (Source: AP)
Earlier in the day, Prince William and his wife, Kate, paid their respects with a handwritten note at the September 11 museum and told its leaders they were struck by the enormity of the loss in the 2001 terror attacks.
Kate and William place flowers at the edge of one of the reflecting pools while visiting the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. (Source: AP)
Braving a pouring rain and strong wind, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Kate and William each held their own black umbrella as they walked from their motorcade to the National Sept. 11 Memorial and Museum. (Source: AP)
As the royals toured the museum devoted to the attacks, they examined such artifacts as preserved trident columns from one of the fallen twin towers' facades and viewed rows upon rows of victims' portraits.
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge,  look at a portion of the North Tower antenna during a tour of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. (Source: AP)
At the museum, they signed an electronic tablet for visitors by writing simply "William" and "Catherine" — minus any title.
Joe Daniels, left, president and CEO of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum, walks through the museum with Prince William and Kate in New York. (Source: AP)
Kate noted the vastness of the museum's space, which stretches seven stories belowground amid the fallen towers' footprints, and "talked about how moving the memorial was and being able to touch the names of the victims," museum chief of staff Allison Blais said. (Source: AP)
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, visit the National Sept.11 Memorial and Museum, Tuesday, Dec. 9, 2014 in New York. (Source: AP)
The royals, now 32, were beginning their studies at the University of St. Andrews when the attacks happened. Sixty-seven British citizens died that day, the highest toll of any country other than the U.S.
Prince William, left, and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, tour the lobby of One World Trade Center after a visit to the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. (Source: AP)
After the museum, the royal couple watched dance and storytelling performances at The Door, a youth development organization. Tapping his feet quietly during a hip-hop-style dance performance, William also showed he was moved by one young man's story of his father's incarceration and his own brush with a jail term in an assault case.
Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, left, and Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, talk with students while they visit the organization "The Door" and the City Kids,  Foundation Tuesday, Dec. 9, 2014 in New York.  (Source: AP)
Skip this Advertisement

Prosecutors can appeal Pistorius  acquittal  says JudgeBy: Associated Press | Johannesburg |
Posted: December 10, 2014 3:10 pm
South African prosecutors can appeal double-amputee Olympian Oscar Pistorius’ acquittal on murder charges for killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, a judge ruled Wednesday.
Judge Thokozile Masipa announced the ruling in a Pretoria court, saying she was satisfied that chief prosecutor Gerrie Nel had raised “questions of law” that should be reviewed by the Supreme Court of Appeal.
“This might have a practical effect on the conviction,” Masipa said.
Nathi Mncube, the prosecution spokesman, said he hopes the appeal will be “expedited,” but acknowledged that the process can take a long time.
In arguing for an appeal, the prosecution said the judge — who in October found the Paralympic champion guilty of culpable homicide and gave him a five-year prison term — incorrectly interpreted a legal principle. Under that principle, a person should be found guilty of murder if he foresaw the possibility of a person dying because of his actions, and went ahead with those actions anyway.
“We’re happy,” Mncube told journalists after Masipa approved the appeal.
Pistorius could be released from prison into house arrest after 10 months but he now faces the prospect of a possible murder conviction. Once prosecutors appeal the conviction, the appeals court would review the case to determine if the verdict was appropriate.
Pistorius fatally shot Steenkamp, a model and budding reality TV star, in his home on Valentine’s Day last year. He said he thought a dangerous intruder was in the house; prosecutors allege he killed his girlfriend after an argument.

European Shares Bounce Back  Asian Shares MixedWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Sweden Targets Pirate Bay Again After ComplaintWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

William Kennedy SmithBy Paul Schwartzman December 9, 2014 Follow @paulschwartzman
The commissioner-elect was walking his new district in Northwest Washington, stopping across from the Watergate to inspect a crack in the sidewalk, crumbling concrete and a broken step.
“Look at all that stuff,” said William Kennedy Smith, Foggy Bottom’s newly elected Advisory Neighborhood Commission member.
Smith, 54, is the nephew of a slain American president. As a younger man, he was the defendant in a salacious Palm Beach rape trial that ended in his acquittal , though not before the nation devoured stories of late-night, alcohol-fueled carousing that included then-Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.).
Twenty-three years later, here was Smith, at the intersection of New Hampshire and Virginia avenues, pondering a broken step. “Small degradations in a neighborhood can lead to big problems,” he said. “It’s about maintaining a standard.”
A new generation of leaders is preparing to take power in the District in January. The class includes a mayor, three council members and more than 100 ANC members — those unpaid citizen gadflies who delve into the small print of zoning laws and liquor licenses.
On the ballot to represent his Foggy Bottom neighborhood, William Kennedy Smith rejected the idea of identifying himself as a Kennedy. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Within that class, only one person has in his office the government-issued, wooden desk that once belonged to his grandfather, Joseph P. Kennedy, when he was ambassador to the Court of St. James’s.
Only one was born four months before his uncle was sworn in as the 35th president.
Only one had two uncles who were assassinated.
As a Kennedy, Smith faces singular challenges in an ANC district that includes, as it happens, the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. If any Kennedy Center issues come before the ANC, as they have before, Smith is unsure that he can participate in the review because his mother — sister to the dead president — is a trustee.
“If I vote,” Smith asked, “does that reflect a conflict of interest?”
Smith isn’t just any Kennedy. He’s that Kennedy, the one who starred in a televised courtroom drama made memorable by the hovering blue dot that concealed the identity of the woman who accused him of assault. His ANC candidacy drove a number of his neighbors to type his name into Google to recall the case that spawned such headlines as “Woman Says She was Raped at Kennedy Estate.”
Smith understands the chatter about his past. At the same time, he said, “Do I want to make that the monologue of my life? No, I don’t.”
“I’m innocent,” he said. “I have things I want to do.”
He prefers talking about his new district — about finding ways to fill vacant storefronts at the Watergate, helping vagrants who gather behind the gas station across the street, fixing that broken public step.
Despite what anyone may think, he said, the ANC is not part of his “plan to advance through the political ranks.”
“I enjoy doing something locally,” he said. “It’s very basic. It’s about that step. What are we going to do about that step?”
Long trailed by trial
On a recent Tuesday, Smith was behind his grandfather’s desk in his office at the Watergate, where he runs MedRed, a medical software company. An original Warhol of his uncle Ted hung on a wall. A Wyeth rendering of John Kennedy on a sailboat was on another wall. Atop a bookshelf was an inflatable reproduction of Edvard Munch’s “The Scream.”
Smith was recalling how John Kennedy appointed his brother Bobby as attorney general only because of Joe Kennedy’s orders; how, in 1960, John Kennedy had managed to defeat the leading political gladiators of that era — Humphrey, Johnson and Nixon.
“And so onto the ANC,” Smith said, chuckling at the contrast with his own political horizon.
His mother, Jean, is the eighth of Joe and Rose Kennedy’s nine children. His father, Stephen Smith, took over Joe Kennedy’s business interests at his death and managed campaigns for Robert and Ted.
As a child, Smith logged his share of time at family funerals, including Bobby’s at St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York. Smith remembers his brother, Steve, holding a candle during the service and accidentally lighting a cousin’s hair on fire.
The Smiths lived on Fifth Avenue, a block from Jackie Kennedy. Smith and John Kennedy Jr. attended the same private school. One afternoon in 1974, they snuck away from John’s Secret Service escort and went to Central Park, where a mugger stole John’s bike. The incident made national news, though without any reference to Smith. At such moments, he learned the benefits of not sharing his cousins’ famous last name.
Through his 20s, he was known as William Smith. His middle name, Kennedy, was reduced to just the initial, if it was mentioned at all. What turned him into a Kennedy, he said, was Patricia Bowman’s 1991 accusation that he raped her at his family’s Florida estate.
“It changed my identity,” Smith said of the unceasing and largely unflattering news coverage that defined his 30th year.
After his arrest, Smith, then a student at Georgetown University’s medical school, called Bowman’s allegation a “damnable lie.” Prosecutors were set to call to the stand three more women — a doctor, a law student and a medical student — willing to testify that he assaulted them between 1983 and 1988. The judge barred their testimony.
The jury deliberated 77 minutes before finding Smith not guilty. The next year, he began an internship at the University of New Mexico hospital. He spent a month in Somalia as a medical volunteer. He developed an interest in prosthetics and treating amputees.
The Palm Beach story trailed him.
The owner of a bookstore in Albuquerque hosted a forum titled “Shaking out the Willies,” for those who wanted to talk about living in his midst. A stranger at an Arlington County bar taunted him about the case, an encounter that ended with Smith in a bloody fight with a bouncer.
After getting a medical degree, Smith settled in Chicago, where he became the director of the Center for International Rehabilitation (CIR), a not-for-profit that helps victims of land mine explosions.
In 2001, he considered running for Congress, enlisting advice from political consultant David Axelrod. Smith dropped the idea, a Chicago newspaper reported at the time, after a focus group suggested that voters held negative views of him because of the rape trial.
In recalling his decision, Smith said that Rahm Emanuel had planned to run and that “running against Rahm wasn’t something I wanted.”
In 2004, another woman — a former assistant at CIR whom he had dated — filed a civil lawsuit accusing Smith of sexual assault regarding an incident that had allegedly occurred five years before.
A judge dismissed the suit.
In her complaint, the woman had asserted that Smith settled sexual harassment claims filed by two other women. Asked about the purported settlements, Smith declined to comment.
The following year, he moved to Washington.
‘Half-truths and lies’
On another morning, Anne Smith was in a conference room adjoining her husband’s office at the Watergate, a block from their apartment, where he often goes for lunch.
The cloud that may still loom over Smith’s reputation is invisible to his 36-year-old wife.
“I know who my husband is, and I’m comfortable defending him — he’s a wonderful husband,” she said. The old stories, she said, are “cockroaches that will live forever.”
“He has been given a raw deal,” she said.
Anne Smith grew up in St. Paul, Minn., and met her husband in Chicago, at CIR, where she worked in communications. They were married in 2011, after which they started a family at the Watergate.
Their first child, India Rose, was born 2
1
/2 years ago. Their son, Stephen, is 18 months. Last year, Smith joined neighbors opposing a liquor-license application sought by the Watergate Hotel. Armando Irizarry, the incumbent ANC member for the district, was impressed by what he described as Smith’s measured negotiating style. After Irizarry decided not to run for reelection, he encouraged Smith to seek his seat.
Anne Smith designed the candidate’s campaign mailings, which began “Dear Neighbor” and included a photograph of the couple and their children. His slogan: “An Experienced Advocate, A Skillfull Negotiator, A Careful Listener.”
His cousins offered to campaign for him, as did his mother, who thought his name on the ballot should include “Kennedy.”
He declined that idea. Voters would judge him as “William K. Smith.”
Ron Cocome, a neighborhood activist, found him “very conscientious,” someone who wanted to resolve issues without “yelling back and forth.”
“’How can you support someone who was accused of a heinous crime?’” Cocome recalled some neighbors asking.
“I looked enough on Google to reaffirm what I already knew,” Cocome said of Smith’s exoneration. “So there was nothing to consider.”
Claudia Schecter, a financial consultant, was unconvinced. At a forum, she asked Smith about the allegations. But her mind already seemed made up. “I don’t believe I can trust someone with that kind of background,” she said later.
When he decided to run, Smith expected his past to resurface.
“I feel misunderstood,” he said, pacing behind his grandfather’s desk. “The story about me is the story everyone has heard that involved bad behavior and hurting people. I don’t relate to that narrative.”
“Half-truths and lies,” he said of the “characterizations that have been made about me by some people.”
He paused.
“I recognize I’ve had broken relationships in my life,” he said. “I want to accept responsibility for my part.
“I sincerely regret the choices I’ve made that have contributed to that. “But I don’t accept — ”
He paused again.
“I’m not a person looking for conflict or endless rehashing,” he said. “Whatever else is going on, that’s always going to be the narrative.”
On Election Day, Smith stood outside his polling place, half-expecting a TV news crew to show up to record him.
None did.
He won a total of 257 votes, 61 more than his opponent.
One small step for Smith
Two weeks later, the ANC 2A meeting was about to begin when Commissioner-elect Smith arrived.
At the dais, he joked with the ANC’s chair, Patrick Kennedy — no relation — about having forwarded an e-mail intended for him to his own cousin, Patrick Kennedy.
The two men laughed about the misfire, and then Smith retreated to a second-row seat as the commissioners discussed noisy George Washington University parties, bus routes and traffic.
He listened as someone said, “What Barbara raises is a procedural issue.” He was still listening when someone else said, “We can weigh in on a minor modification.”
Two hours later, the empty seats outnumbered the occupied. A man scratched his cheek. A woman yawned.
A commissioner listed 13 neighborhood streets needing repairs.
K Street at 24th, “near corner on south side.”
“Rock Creek Parkway and Virginia Avenue, southeast corner.”
“I Street between 21st and 22nd.”
A pause. A suggestion from the second row.
“The stairs by the plaza, overlooking the freeway,” Smith said. He was referring to that broken step. It needed fixing, he said.
The commissioner thanked him and added it to the list.
Paul Schwartzman specializes in political profiles and narratives about life, death and everything in between.

Over 21000 terrorists killed in J&K since 1990After Uttar Pradesh, Bihar declares 'PK' tax-free; Nitish Kumar gives Aamir Khan's film '10 out of 10'
21,562 terrorists were killed in Jammu and Kashmir during insurgency since 1990, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary said 16,757 civilians and 1425 police personnel also lost their lives in the state during January 1990 to December 2013.
“As reported by the Jammu and Kashmir government, the ex-gratia relief has been provided to the next of kin of those who got killed in militancy related incidents as per their relief rules, amended from time to time,” he said in reply to a written question.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Hydro-electric projects may be stalled for another year in Uttarakhand24 proposed hydro-electric projects in Uttarakhand might not take off soon
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 10, 2014 10:42 PM IST
The construction of as many as 24 proposed hydro-electric projects ‘slated to produce 2,900 Mw of electricity in Uttarakhand’ might not take off for at least another year.
The union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) gave an affidavit in the Supreme Court on Tuesday, stating it would require at least 12 months to conduct more detailed studies on the proposed 24 hydro-electric projects, found to be impacting biodiversity in the state.
“In order to have a thorough, comprehensive study and critical examination of the HEPs (hydro-electric projects), this group may be allowed a time period of at least 12 months,” said the MoEF in the affidavit. It has proposed a new team which will have experts from institutes such as Tata Institute of Social Sciences and Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology, beside various environmentalists, as members.
Following the devastating floods in Uttarakhand in June 2013, the Supreme Court had in August 2013 directed the Centre to conduct fresh reviews on these projects located on the Alakananda and Bhagirathi rivers. And ordered a blanket ban on granting any more environmental clearances to hydro projects in the hilly state till further orders.
The apex court had also asked MoEF to constitute an experts’ body to ascertain whether the hydroelectric projects in the state had a role in escalating the floods, which had affected half a million people. Of the 39 projects that were proposed to be set up in the state, 24 were “found to be significantly impacting biodiversity in the two sub-basins”.
According to the team of experts, the construction of various HEPs in the state had caused environmental degradation and escalated the impact of flooding. “MoEF needs to conduct a formal review of the environmental damages at all the HEPs in Uttarakhand and prepare guidelines for restoration. Till then, none of the projects should begin power production,” it noted.
If the plea by the Union government is accepted by the Supreme Court, there would be a reduction in power generation capacity of 27 per cent in the state as a total of 70 HEPs are being planned with a capacity of 9,563 Mw. According to the state government, at present, 45 HEPs are operational with installed capacity of 3,164 Mw. Hence, the state government will have to forego about 90 per cent of its present production capacity, if the projects are stalled.
The experts’ team also proposed to demarcate an ecologically-sensitive zone along all the rivers of Uttarakhand.
According to MoEF, the three months’ given to the team of experts to conduct studies in the state was not “adequate” and it requires more time to “carry out a cumulative impact assessment and carrying capacity study of these rivers to optimally work out and suggest as to how many HEPs, at which locations, their design and with what capacity, could be allowed in a sustainable manner”.
Along with conducting hydro-geological studies and  social-cultural impact assessment of the projects, the new study would also identify ‘no go, areas in the state where the construction of HEPs would be barred.

Sintex to invest Rs 5500 cr on textile plant...Sintex to invest Rs 5500 crore on setting up textile plant in Gujarat
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 06.17PM IST
Tags:
lycra
(Gujarat-based Sintex Industries…)
GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat-based Sintex Industries today said it will set up a textile processing plant near Pipavav port at an investment of Rs 5,500 crore by 2017-18.
"We would be investing Rs 5,500 crore to set up this project (textile processing plant), which is located 6 kms away from Pipavav port in Amreli district," Sintex Industries MD Amit Patel told reporters.
He was addressing the media after attending 'Intexcon -2014', an international seminar on textile industry, which was organised here as part of upcoming 'Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2015'.
"We intend to complete this project by 2017-18. We will be focusing on knitting, spinning and weaving of textile in this facility," he said, adding Sintex Industries has already been into textile business in Gujarat with one of their plants located in Kalol town near Gandhinagar.
The upcoming Pipavav unit will be the 10th plant of Sintex Industries in the country, and will be set up in phase-wise manner.
Patel also said that Pipavav plant will have one million spindles, 2,400 weaving machines and a capacity to churn out 600 tonne of knits.
"Phase-one of Pipavav textile processing plant will be operationalised by March-2015 and we will be adding one lakh spindles every two months and then finish the project till 2017-18," he said.
Patel said the plant will generate employment opportunities for around 8,000 persons and around 40 to 50 per cent of the employees will be women.
"We expect a turnover of Rs 9,000 to 10,000 crore for the company after the Pipavav plant will run at its full capacity," Patel said, adding that the company's turnover was Rs 6,400 crore during the last fiscal with the growth rate of 20 per cent.
"Products will not only range up to cotton but will also include multiple products like Polyester , Yarns , Viscos yarn , Lycra etc," Patel said, adding that 60 to 80 per cent of the products will be exported.
To a query, Patel said the state government's Textile Policy, announced in 2012, has encouraged the company to set up the plant in Gujarat.
"Besides, there is a huge opportunity globally in this sector, especially as the space is being vacated by China. In China, labour is getting costlier which is not the case in India. We also hold huge opportunities to process cotton into value-added products and maximise the revenue on per kg of cotton," Patel added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

S.P. Jain Institute wins the 8th Annual CFA Institute Research Challenge West Zone FinalsS.P. Jain Institute wins the 8th Annual CFA Institute Research Challenge West Zone Finals
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 10:  
S.P. Jain Institute of Management & Research, Mumbai has emerged as the winner of the CFA Institute Research Challenge India West Zone Final. The team from SPJIMR triumphed over the teams from IIT Bombay, K.J. Somaiya, NMIMS.
The Indian Association of Investment Professionals (IAIP) organises the research challenge across five zones with 47 business schools participating. The winners of these zones will compete at the National level from where the winner will represent India in the Asia Pacific regional challenge. “This is a national challenge that brings together top universities, their students and investment professionals in an exciting and competitive forum.  Those taking part will get a practical insight to the work of a financial analyst to the very best international standards, incorporating the core principles of ethics and best practices,” said Kishor Bagri, CFA.
The panel of judges were Ramesh Mantri, Jayesh Shroff –SBIFM, Gautam Chhaochharia, Head of India Research at UBS.
The CFA Institute Research Challenge is an annual global competition that provides university students with hands-on mentoring and intensive training in financial analysis. Students work in teams to research and analyse a publicly traded company — sometimes even meeting face-to-face with company management. Each team writes a research report on their assigned company with a buy, sell, or hold recommendation and may be asked to present and defend their analysis to a panel of industry professionals. Introduced in 2006, CFA Institute Research Challenge is considered as the ‘Investment Olympics’ for university students, with more than 10,000 students having participated. This year, more than 3,700-plus students from 825-plus universities worldwide will participate in the local rounds of the competition.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Cotton output seen at 402 lakh balesCotton output seen at 402 lakh bales
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 10:  
The Cotton Association of India (CAI) today said November estimate of the crop stood at 402 lakh bales for the season 2014—15, which is lower compared to last year due to slight decline in productivity in Gujarat.
The total cotton crop stood at 407.25 lakh bales (of 170 kg each) during 2013—14, according to data from CAI.
Total crop in Gujarat in November is estimated at 122 lakh bales compared to 129.25 lakh bales last year.
The projected balance sheet drawn by the CAI for the year 2014—15, estimates total cotton supply at 473.90 lakh bales, while domestic consumption is estimated at 306.00 lakh bales thus leaving an available surplus of 167.90 lakh bales.
In its September estimates, CAI had placed the crop output in 2014—15 season to be 403.75 lakh bales.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Resilient U.S. stock market looks withinResilient U.S. stock market looks within
By: Adam Shell December 10, 2014 8:10 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 9, 2014. (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
U.S. investors are more focused on the good things happening in the domestic economy and how stocks are trading on Wall Street than they are about the ups and downs — mostly the downs — happening abroad. At least for the moment.
That message was driven home Tuesday when tighter lending rules were rolled out in China, sparking growth fears and a 5.4% drop in the Shanghai Composite Index, its worst one-day plunge in five years. Adding to the angst was a selloff in Greece after the government said it was pushing up the date of elections, which sparked worries that the main left-wing party, which wants to cut what Greece owes in bailout funds, might win — and spark another crisis in the eurozone. The Greek stock market fell 12.7% — its worst single-day drop ever — amid fears euro leaders would have to confront the prospect of a debt write-down or a Greek exit from the euro.
Wall Street’s knee-jerk reaction Tuesday was bearish. Investors hit the sell buttons often early in the trading session. In the first hour the Dow Jones industrial average was down almost 223 points. But by the end of the day yesterday the Dow was off just 51 points at 17,801, less than 1% shy of Friday’s record close of 17,958.79.
Investors, it seems, opted to focus on the improving fortunes of the U.S. economy. GDP grew at a better-than-expected 3.9% clip in the third quarter after a 4.6% jump in the second quarter. Add in 321,000 jobs created last month and you can see why investors are betting that the U.S. can shrug off global weakness and that the good times can continue at home.
Wall Street’s biggest bull sees another year of double-digit percentage gains in 2015. Adam Shell of USA TODAY discusses the bullish market call.

Agra faith  conversion  rocks House; BSP  Congress question PMComments
The alleged forced conversion of around 300 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra triggered an uproar in Parliament and drew widespread condemnation from Islamic organisations on Wednesday, prompting Uttar Pradesh police to sound a state-wide alert over similar events lined up this month.
Members of the Muslim community stage a protest against alleged forced conversion of 300 people, in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, on Wednesday. (Raju Tomar/ HT Photo)
Muslim groups staged protests and called for protection of vulnerable members of the community on a day clerics across the state decided to discuss the issue during Friday prayers.
The camp -- masked as "ghar wapsi" or homecoming of Hindus who had apparently switched to other religions in the past -- raised a storm when 57 Muslim families, mostly poor migrants from Bihar and Bengal living in a colony on the outskirts of Agra, said on Tuesday they were tricked into a conversion ceremony hosted jointly by the Dharma Jagaran Manch and the Bajrang Dal the day before with the promise to offer them BPL and ration cards.
They refuted the two hard-line Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) affiliates' claim that these people came and embraced Hinduism on their own volition.
Haji Jamiluddin Qureshi, president of the Rashtriya Sarvdaliya Muslim Action Committee, sought stern action against Bajrang Dal activists involved in the incident.
"It was a planned exercise targeting poor Muslims, who were lured in the name of ration cards and water supply. Armed Bajrang Dal activists surrounded the venue, leaving no scope for the Muslims to leave. Later, they spread the lie that the people had converted."
In Parliament, the Opposition demanded a response from the government in both Houses, saying religious conversions by force and by allurement is a criminal offence.
"They (Muslims) were lured. They (Bajrang Dal) took advantage of their poverty to convert them. If it is not stopped, it will cause communal tension in the whole country. The government must take strict action," said Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati.
Members from the Congress, Left, Trinamool Congress and the Samajwadi Party echoed her sentiments and shouted 'Pradhan Mantri Jawab Do (Prime Minister reply)'.
      
Outside Parliament, CPI's D Raja alleged that attempts were being made to impose the Hindutva agenda on everybody.
      
CPI (M) leader Sitaram Yechury said this was the dirtiest of vote-bank politics being played by the RSS and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), while former Union minister and Congress leader Veerappa Moily called the move "anti-national".
The event organised by Hindu groups in Agra which claimed to convert Muslims. (HT Photo)
Agra conversion row: Muslim groups demand action and protection
The RSS dismissed the row as an unnecessary fuss. “There are people who switched religion for different reasons. Many of them want to return home now. What is wrong in it?” asked RSS publicity chief Manmohan Vaidya.
Responding to the attack by the Opposition that demanded the intervention PM Narendra Modi, the government washed its hands off the issue, saying it had no role and that law and order is a state subject.
Leaders of the ruling BJP claimed the reconversion was voluntary and it was not forcibly done.
However, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the government was committed to the country's secular ideals. "I want to clarify that we are as dedicated to harmony and secularism as anyone else. As far as this incident is concerned, an FIR has been registered. Naming a particular organisation for political reasons is not right."
He was referring to cases being registered at Sadar police station in Agra on Tuesday night.
The Dharam Jagaran Manch was unfazed by the FIR drawn against its state convenor Kishore Valmiki and other activists, based on a complaint by one of those who attended the conversion event.
The case has been registered under Section 153(A) of the Indian Penal Code, which pertains to any act of promoting enmity between different groups on the basis of religion and carries a punishment of three years in jail if found guilty. Section 415 (using fraudulent means) was also slapped on the organisation.
"Suitable action will follow," said senior superintendent of police Shalabh Mathur.
The din over the controversial religious conversion follows an announcement by the Hindu Yuva Vahini to "reconvert" over 2,000 people in a huge programme at communally-sensitive Ghazipur in eastern Uttar Pradesh on December 18.
"We have permission from the administration," said Sunil Singh, state president of the outfit floated by Yogi Adityanath, the firebrand BJP MP for Gorakhpur.
Singh denied reports that conversion functions were held at Gorakhpur's Gorakhnath temple, where Adityanath is the head priest. The shrine has often been rumoured to be behind such exercises for many years.
The Dharma Jagaran Manch, too, has planned a programme in Aligarh that Adityanath is supposed to attend. "We will go ahead with our plan in Aligarh on Christmas. Nearly 5,000 Christians and Muslims will embrace Hinduism," said Rajeshwar Singh, the organisation's regional head, undeterred by the fact that a case has been filed for the Agra function.
The scheduled events prompted police to sound a statewide alert and beef up security in sensitive areas. "The superintendents of police of all the districts have been directed to remain vigilant and monitor the activities of organisations involved in conversion programmes. The police cannot stop a person from choosing a religion or adopting another religion, (but) if there is a complaint of forcible conversion, the police will act against the organisation concerned," said Mukul Goel, the additional director general of police (law and order).
In Muslim-majority Kashmir, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) condemned the alleged forcible conversion of Muslims in Uttar Pradesh. "The way the Sangh Parivar and its front organisations like the RSS and the Bajrang Dal are aiming to change the demographic picture of the country is extremely alarming," said senior party leader Hameed Karra in Hazratbal.
"The Sangh Parivar is apparently in a hurry and is taking advantage of the BJP's ascendance to power to convert India into a Hindu Rashtra (Hindu nation), an objective that would be resisted by all right-thinking people in the country."
The constitution guarantees the freedom to practise and profess any faith but several states have laws restricting or regulating religious conversations that vary in their interpretation of what constitutes conversion and the punishment for breaking the law. For instance, the Gujarat Freedom of Religion Act says a person seeking to convert to another religion must first get permission from the district magistrate to do so, failing which one could be jailed for up to three years.
(With inputs from agencies and HT correspondents in Delhi, Gorakhpur and Lucknow)

Technical analysts  see bumpy ride ahead on new regulationsTechnical analysts see bumpy ride ahead on new regulations
Sneha Padiyath | Mumbai Dec 10, 2014 10:46 PM IST
While a regulator’s note on the new research analyst regulations addresses a number of stakeholders, one set of analysts could see a bumpy ride initially.
Technical analysts, who earlier had one-page recommendation notes issued multiple times a day, will now have to come out with a full-fledged report each time they respond to the market on an intra-day basis. The regulator clarified on Tuesday that the research analyst norms will also apply to technical analysts, though their recommendations are not based on a fundamental research.
Recommendations by technical analysts are often contradictory to the views given by fundamental analysts, since the former examine price and volume information to make recommendations; while the latter depend on changes in the company’s fundamentals. Senior officials in the industry said the variance with the fundamental research analysts was the main reason for the confusion.
“Unlike fundamental analysts, whose view on a stock is more long-term, these are short-term recommendations and change during the day. The regulations have clarified the issue and now we are working on streamlining our disclosure process,” said Vimala Jose, head of compliance of Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services. The firm is expected to complete its registration process before the end of this month.
According to industry officials, technical reports, which were often nothing more than an e-mail recommendation, would now become full-fledged research reports running into pages with required disclosures.
“The industry will eventually manage to create a template but till then there will be some pain. The process of disclosure is now more complicated and could push up costs as well,” said the head of compliance of a domestic brokerage firm.
By sector estimates, the cost of compliance could go up by as much as five-10 per cent for brokerage firms.
Domestic firms in particular could be hit more than their foreign counterparts.
This would apply to those who provide technical analysis, as well as fundamental research.
For larger firms with clients in the US and the UK, the disclosure requirements are already in-line with those required abroad, making the transition to the new regulations relatively easier for them compared to smaller brokerages, according to sector officials.
Industry officials said regulations issued by Sebi earlier in the year were not very clear on whether technical analysts qualified for registration. Multiple analysts that this reporter tried to reach out to refused to respond to queries as per the company mandate to keep media interactions at bay until the completion of the registration process.
Firms have been given time till May 31 next year to comply with the new norms. In the meanwhile brokerages continue to issue reports to clients but for many interactions with the media is still out of the question.

Guwahati-Shillong-Dhaka bus flagged off; regular service fromFebruaryWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 10, 2014 7:40 pm
The capitals of Assam and Meghalaya on Wednesday got formally connected by road transport with the Bangladesh capital when Assam PWD minister Ajanta Neog flagged off the first Guwahati-Shillong-Dhaka bus service here Wednesday. Though Wednesday’s service was a trial and joint survey run, regular bus service on this route is expected to begin from February 2015.
“Opening road connectivity between Guwahati and Dhaka will open new vistas in regional cooperation between Bangladesh and the Northeast, keeping in view the Look East Policy pursued by the government of India. It will particularly give a big boost to trade and commerce between the region and Bangladesh,” said Neog, flagging off the first bus at the Rupnath Brahma Inter-State Bus Terminus here on Wednesday.
The bus, which left Guwahati at 9 AM will pass through Shillong, the Meghalaya capital, cross the international border at Dawki-Tamabil and halt tonight at Sylhet before resuming onward journey to Dhaka on Thursday morning, officials said. A joint delegation comprising officials from both countries are traveling on the first trial run of the 500-km Guwahati-Shillong-Dhaka route.
Altogether 23 officials, comprising of officials of external affairs, home, finance and transport departments of both countries, as also four officials each from Assam and Meghalaya are traveling in the first Guwahati-Dhaka bus. The team that will also conduct a joint survey will submit its report to both governments, following which regular services are expected to begin in February 2015, an official said.
“Guwahati and Shillong are also soon expected to have Bangladesh visa offices before the regular bus service is launched. Right now there is only one Bangladesh office in the entire Northeastern region, that being located in Agartala,” the official said. A regular bus service between Agartala and Dhaka – a distance of about 180 kms – launched in September 2003, is very popular.
Guwahati and Shillong also became the third and fourth Indian state capitals to be linked to Dhaka with bus service. The 466-km Kolkata-Dhaka service was launched in June 1999.

http://usat.ly/1yzRh5JTony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom.
Post to Facebook
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D47bgI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
51
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tony Robbins' 7 steps to financial freedom in retirement
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 8:19 a.m. EST December 10, 2014
Tony Robbins outlines seven steps to financial freedom in his new book.
(Photo: Handout)
647 CONNECT 287 TWEET 244 LINKEDIN 51 COMMENTEMAILMORE
People make several mistakes when saving and investing for retirement, and one of the biggest ones is not getting started because they think they need a large sum of money to begin, says Tony Robbins, 54, an inspirational speaker and best-selling author.
What you want is at least "a small amount of money you consistently invest," says Robbins, author of a new 656-page book, Money: Master the Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom. It includes information from his interviews with more than 50 top financial experts including Charles Schwab, Carl Icahn, Warren Buffett, Steve Forbes, hedge fund manager Ray Dalio and Vanguard founder John Bogle.
"When I asked Warren Buffett — what are the secrets to your wealth, he said it's three things. He said, No. 1, it's being born in America. No. 2 is good genes, so I live long enough, and No. 3, it's compound interest. Compound interest — people have no idea the power that it really has."
Robbins recounts a story of a UPS employee who never made more than $14,000 a year, but set aside 20% of every paycheck and put it into company stock. The man saw the value of his investments soar to more than $70 million by the time he was 90 years old,  says Robbins, who also wrote Unlimited Power and Awaken the Giant Within.
Some folks think investing and personal finance are so complex that they "never take the time to figure it out," he says.
His goal with the new book is to "help the average person to cut through all the complexity and all the mythology that is sold to us about how you really can't manage your own finances, and show them that the best people on earth have given them the guideposts and the steps to go from wherever they are financially to where they truly want to be."
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
But his advice isn't guaranteed to make you money. Even professional investors took different paths to their fortunes.
After researching the new book, Robbins developed what he calls the seven steps to financial freedom. Those are:
Step 1. Make the decision to become an investor, not a consumer. "You don't want to own an Apple phone, you want to own Apple," he says.
You have to commit a certain percentage of your income to savings for your financial freedom. Whatever that number is — 10%, 15% — stick to it in good times and bad. Have it taken automatically from your paycheck and put directly into a retirement or savings account.
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 2. Become an insider on investing. Know the rules of the game. Understand mutual funds and learn what mutual funds beat the market or their benchmark over any 10-year period. Look into the fees you are paying on mutual funds and how that affects your financial future.
He says people also don't read the fine print on their investments so they don't realize what fees they are paying. Just like there is compounding growth,  there are compounding costs, he says.
If you are only paying 1% in fees, you will probably end up with a lot more in your final nest egg than if you are paying 3% in fees, he says.
He points out that if you had a $100,000 investment and were lucky enough to get 7% annually, paying 1% in fees, you'd have about $574,000 after 30 years. If you paid 3% in fees, you'd only have about $324,000.
"What you don't know will hurt you in the financial world. But once you know these things, you'll be able to take advantage of the system instead of having the system take advantage of you."
Step 3. Make the game winnable. "Most people have a number that's so big that they never begin the journey," Robbins says. Figure out how much money you need for financial security and financial independence. Calculate this and come up with a plan. Look for places you can save more.
Step 4. Evaluate your asset allocation. "You have to create a bucket list. You have to learn where to put your money to keep it safe and where to put your money to grow it with some risk," he says. Put your money in different types of investments, such as stocks, bonds, commodities or real estate. Diversify your investments.
Step 5. Create a lifetime income plan. Make sure you won't run out of income for as long as you live. "Income is all that matters. Assets won't buy your food. They won't let you travel. You have to focus on income. The investment community wants you to think about keeping your money in assets."
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
Step 6. Invest like the .001%. "That means learn from the very best on earth (Schwab, Icahn, Bogle, Dalio, Forbes and others he interviewed for the book), and what you learn from them apply and you'll achieve financial security faster than you will any other way."
Step 7. Just do it, enjoy it and share it. Make a commitment to be wealthy now, not in the future. "Start where you are, and you'll begin to find out that there's more than enough."
Robbins advises people to educate themselves in investing. It's worth the time, and it'll pay off.  "You master money, or it masters you," he says.
Robbins is donating all of the profits of this book in addition to a personal donation to feed 50 million meals to people in need this year through Feeding America, a hunger-relief charity.
Retirement plan changes you need to know about for next year
If you're starting to think about your New Year's resolutions, investing efficiently in your financial future is always a good one to consider. It's never a waste of your time to understand where your money is going and how you can save for your ret Newslook
1 of 20
Five ways to reduce holiday stress | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich outlines stress-reduction strategies for the holidays (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
2 of 20
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
3 of 20
See more video
Gay community less prepared for retirement
Same-sex couples in general are likely to have saved far less for retirement than their straight counterparts, according to exclusive analysis of the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances by AP.  (Nov. 21) AP
4 of 20
See more video
Five ways to cut holiday spending | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich offers easy ways to curb your spending during the holidays. (Your Best Life in Retirement, MONEY)
5 of 20
How to eat cheap at restaurants | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich offers ideas for cutting costs when dining out. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
6 of 20
See more video
Easy ways to save money | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich shares advice from financial experts who say many Americans need to save much more aggressively for retirement.
7 of 20
How to cope with retiring from your job | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY's Nanci Hellmich explains how to cope with retiring from your job. (Money, Retirement, USA TODAY)
8 of 20
Simple steps to clearing the clutter in retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares tips for decluttering in retirement. (Retirement, USA TODAY)
9 of 20
Pets ease transition into retirement
Pets ease transition into retirement
10 of 20
Retirees on Social Security get a raise in 2015
USA Today's John Waggoner explains how a Social Security raise will impact retirees in 2015.
11 of 20
See more video
Got 20 minutes? A quick financial checkup | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
12 of 20
See more video
More millennial women worried about retirement says Fidelity study
Millennials may be struggling with student loans and a rough job market, but nearly half have already started saving for retirement, said Kristen Robinson, Senior Vice President at Fidelity. Newslook
13 of 20
See more video
New AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins
The new CEO Of AARP CEO Jo Ann Jenkins who takes over on September 1, 2014 replacing outgoing CEO A. Barry Rand.
14 of 20
See more video
Survey finds 6-figure earners more worried
Nearly half of Americans surveyed by the Wells Fargo/Gallup Investor and Retirement Optimism Index said they are worried about outliving their savings. Newslook
15 of 20
Americas Markets: 3 things you need to know about Social Security
Amreicas Markets with John Waggoner on the Social Security cost of living raise. USA TODAY
16 of 20
See more video
Merrill Edge: Americans feel guilty about not saving
Americans are feeling guilty about not investing enough over the past year, said Aron Levine, head of Preferred Banking and Merrill Edge at Bank of America. Newslook
17 of 20
See more video
Analyst: How to choose an annuity
Consumers should own an annuity for what it will do, not what it might do, says Stan Haithcock, annuity expert and author of "The Annuity Stanifesto". Newslook
18 of 20
See more video
Boomers need income stream in retirement
People need to plan to provide income for themselves in retirement with the same care and diligence in which they save for retirement, says Scott Holsopple, Managing Director of Retirement Solutions at The Mutual Fund Store. Newslook
19 of 20
See more video
Edward Jones: Retirees should stay course
Retirees and investors close to retirement should not make dramatic changes in their accounts due to the recent market volatility, said Scott Thoma, Retirement Strategist for Edward Jones. Newslook
20 of 20

Stargazing  simplifiedSix smart telescopes that make astronomy a snap
By  Eric Adams
Read more about these links.
Nighttime observing sessions called star "star parties" give beginners the opportunity to meet fellow stargazers. (visitnebraska.org)
If the recent hubbub surrounding comet landings, future missions to Mars and assorted eclipses and meteor showers have you craving all things astronomical, don’t just sit there clicking through Nasa slideshows.
Related
Ultimate guide to exploring space
For decades we’ve been trying to boldly go where no man has gone before. How successful have we been? All is revealed in this infographic.
Though the sensational images coming from the high-grade science gear in orbit and on Earth are tough to beat, using your own telescope remains one of the best ways to connect with the cosmos. Nothing quite beats seeing the cloud belts of Jupiter, or the dust lanes in the Andromeda galaxy, with your own eyes.
Feeding that impulse is easier than ever. Amateur astronomy equipment is remarkable these days, thanks to inexpensive robotic telescopes and high-grade optics that deliver crystal-clear views. There are also popular astronomy apps available for tablets and smartphones, allowing users to choose a target, tap the screen and watch the telescope zero in, all by itself.
When choosing a robotic telescope, there are a few simple rules. First, aperture always wins. The wider the lens or mirror built into the instrument, the brighter and more detailed views will be – though of course larger telescopes cost more. Beginners will enjoy smaller instruments – say, a 90mm refractor – and even advanced amateurs appreciate their portability, but you might get “aperture fever” very quickly, and want to upgrade to an 8- or 10in telescope. When you’re hooked, you’re hooked.
And urbanites shouldn’t despair that their neighbourhoods are flooded with artificial glow. Though light pollution is rampant, having virtually erased the Milky Way for most of us, many popular celestial targets, including Earth's moon, Jupiter, Saturn, Mars and the Orion Nebula can be enjoyed in light-polluted skies. You may even be able to discern galaxies and dimmer nebula, with some work. Astronomy also makes a good excuse for a field trip out of town. Just pack up your scope and head for darker pastures.
First, however, you have to gear up. Here are six telescopes that should provide effortless exploration for years to come.
(Celestron Telescopes)
Celestron Cosmos 90GT WiFi Telescope
Wi-fi is in everything these days, and telescopes have received the message. When this compact, affordable 90mm refractor debuted earlier this year, it was the world’s first completely wireless computerised telescope. Simply connect your Apple iOS or Android device, hold it up in the sky and use the custom Celestron app to find targets you wish to investigate, and then tap on the screen to send the scope in the desired direction. No struggling with cables in the dark, and no need for an onboard GPS in the telescope – your own device tells the instrument where it’s sitting on the planet. The 90GT comes with two eyepieces for wide-angle and zoom-in views. ($400; celestron.com )
(Celestron Telescopes)
Celestron NexStar Evolution 6
If aperture fever grabs you, consider Celestron’s step up from the 90GT, the Evolution 6. Also wi-fi-equipped, this telescope uses a 6in mirror-and-lens system to maximise light-grasp. The extra acreage grabs more detail out of dimmer objects, such as nebulae and faint galaxies. It’s the first consumer telescope to use a built-in lithium-ion battery, so there’s no need to run power cables or carry extra batteries, given this will run for up to 10 hours on a single charge. If you start dabbling in astrophotography, you’ll appreciate the steadier, more advanced tracking this scope brings. ($1,200; celestron.com )
(Orion Telescopes)
Orion StarSeeker III 130mm GoTo Reflector Telescope
Orion’s 5in reflector uses two mirrors to magnify the sky, and its short focal length brings greater expanses of cosmic real estate into view. The telescope’s hand controller lets a user tour highlights visible on any given night, and its optics are sharp enough to pull in astounding detail on lunar craters or the moons of Jupiter. Care to share the excitement? Attach your smartphone to the eyepiece (via Orion’s optional accessory) and fire off some Instagram-worthy imagery. ($500; telescope.com )
(iOptron)
iOptron SmartStar Cube-E R80
This entry-level telescope is ultra-compact and portable – and ultra-affordable. The 80mm refractor may not produce images on a par with bigger scopes, but it will still capture the major jewels beautifully. The rings of Saturn, moons of Jupiter, clouds of Mars and hundreds of nebulae and globular clusters are within this scope’s reach. Plus, the crisp LCD screen on the hand controller, along with the well-organised menus, make it one of the most intuitive interfaces of any telescope, irrespective of price. ($315, ioptron.com )
(Sky-Watcher Telescopes)
Sky-Watcher ProED 80mm on AllView Mount
Though also with 80mm of aperture, this scope features a boost in optical quality and mount versatility. The glass in this refractor is apochromatic, meaning it minimises distortion and colour flaws to nearly imperceptible levels. The result is a beautiful, crisp image, and thanks to the tracking capabilities of the mount, there is plenty of room for experimentation with DSLR astrophotography. That mount, by the way, has a few additional tricks up its sleeve: pop off the scope and use it as a motorised panning mount for terrestrial videography, time-lapse photography or long-exposure DSLR imaging of the night sky using one of your own camera lenses. ($900, skywatcherusa.com )
(Obsession Telescopes)
Obsession Telescopes 12.5-inch Dobsonian
OK, if you want to truly blow your mind and those of everyone in your immediate vicinity, roll out this enormous, 12.5in-aperture telescope. Its gigantic, precision-ground and coated mirror will make the faintest galaxies spring to life, and will make Jupiter seem right next door. The simple beauty of the Dobsonian design is in the mount – you can hand-guide it easily, or deploy the optional ServoCAT computerised go-to system. ($6,700 with GoTo system, obsessiontelescopes.com )
Or, skip the computer control and go old-school astro...
As fun as it can be to watch your telescope slew automatically to Saturn, over-reliance on go-to technology can slow your learning process, just as using GPS at all times limits your ability to learn routes on the road. A simple manual telescope on an alt-az mount – that is, one that moves only side to side and up and down – may be all you need. A few things to keep in mind:
You’re the computer. To find your way, snag a star map and a daily guide to celestial highlights. Buy a planisphere – a “star wheel” that shows where the constellations are on any given night ( skymaps.com has good ones)—and go to Sky and Telescope magazine’s daily highlight page to see what’s worth seeking out that particular night. Also, use a red-dot finder to help you aim the telescopes. These small, inexpensive devices are simply open cylinders with a glass disk embedded within, onto which a red LED dot is projected. Align the finder on terrestrial items first – distant lampposts and such – and then aim for the heavens.
Low magnification is best. If you’re not tracking with the computer, objects will drift out of the field of view quickly as the Earth rotates. Use lower power – anywhere from 10x to 50x – to help targets stay in view longer. Low power also facilitates the finding of targets in the first place. If you want to zoom in tight, a tracking scope may be your best bet.
Some mounts slow a stargazer down. Many inexpensive telescopes are packaged on complicated German equatorial mounts – gangly contraptions with counterweights hanging from them. These mounts, while fun to look at, require meticulous alignment and offer little benefit unless they are motorised, or if there’s a more experienced gazer in the vicinity. Stick with alt-az mounts.
Choose your weapon. Non-computerised scopes are simpler and less expensive. Each of the manufacturers above manufacture non-computerised variants of their telescopes, from 3in-aperture refractors up to 16in monsters – or larger. Once you get the hang of where things hang in the sky, any of these will provide eye-opening views.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Puravankara sells 125 flats via Google shopp...You are here: Home > Collections > Google
Puravankara sells 125 flats via Google's online shopping fest
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 07.12PM IST
Tags:
Google
(Realty firm Puravankara Projects…)
NEW DELHI: Realty firm Puravankara Projects Ltd today said it has sold over 125 housing units through Google's online shopping festival.
Puravankara Projects and its subsidiary Provident Housing are participating in the three-day shopping festival, starting today, and have offered about 200 housing units spread over 12-13 projects in Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore and Kochi.
"Over 125 homes were booked online in less than 12 hours of the offer going live, as home buyers took advantage of very lucrative offers from both Puravankara and Provident brands," Bangalore-based Puravankara said in a statement.
The price range is between Rs 40 lakh and Rs 1.25 crore. Puravankara Projects Ltd has presence in Bengaluru, Kochi, Chennai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Mysore and overseas in Sri Lanka.
It has 25.52 million sq ft of projects under development with additional 79.83 million sq ft in projected development over the next 7-10 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CDMA spectrum price proposed too high for bi...CDMA
(The next round of spectrum…)
NEW DELHI: The base price of Rs 3,646 crore for CDMA spectrum being considered by the government is too high to find a buyer in the forthcoming auction, Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd (SSTL) - the lone bidder for CDMA radiowaves in March last year, said today.
"At such a price (Rs 3,646 crore) one would not find any takers for 800 Mhz spectrum in the 2015 auctions, given that this price has also been previously tested in the market, way back in November 2012," Russian conglomerate Sistema controlled SSTL said in a statement.
The next round of spectrum auction across three bands -- 800 Mhz (CDMA), 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz (both used for GSM services) -- is proposed to be held in February from which government expects to garner minimum of Rs 9,533 crore.
Inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission, according to sources, in its meeting on Monday has taken a view that base price of pan-India (22 circles) CDMA spectrum should be Rs 3,646 crore, premium 900 Mhz band Rs 3,693 crore per Mhz for 18 circles across the country. For 1800 Mhz band, it has been proposed at Rs 2,191 crore per megahertz in 20 circles.
The CDMA base price at Rs 3,646 crore is more than base price fixed by government for November 2012 auction.
Government fixed price of 1.25 Mhz spectrum in CDMA (800 Mhz) band at Rs 4,550 crore for November 2012 auction. At this price, cost of 1 Mhz spectrum comes to Rs 3,640 crore.
The November 2012 saw muted response from the industry because of high base price and there was no bidder for the CDMA spectrum.
Government later reduced the base price for GSM spectrum by 30 per cent and CDMA spectrum by 50 per cent. There were no takers for GSM spectrum in 1800 Mhz and 900 Mhz band in March 2013 auctions as industry felt the prices were high. SSTL, however, turned up to bid for CDMA spectrum in that auction.
Telecom regulator TRAI recommended reduction of up to 62 per cent in base price for GSM spectrum auctioned in February 2014 compared to the price fixed for March 2013 auction. The auction fetched bids worth Rs 62,162 crore.
For CDMA spectrum, the regulator recommended about 50 per cent higher base price in February after the auctions.
In the November, the Department of Telecom sought views of TRAI again on CDMA spectrum base price. The regulator in the same month recommended increase of CDMA price by another 15 per cent at Rs 3,104 crore. The Telecom Commission further enhanced base price proposal to Rs 3,646 crore.
SSTL said it is disappointed with the recommended reserve price of 800 Mhz spectrum as it is not in sync with the business and ecosystem realities.
The SSTL statement further said: "The proposed pricing of Rs 3,646 crore per MHz is way out of line and does not merit a strong business case for buying spectrum in the said band.
"If such a pricing framework is implemented then it would be seen as going against the spirit of Prime Minister's vision for Digital India and broadband for all."
The company urged government to have a rethink on the spectrum price for 800 Mhz band and bring it at par with the market discovered price of 1800 Mhz.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FM vows  civilised  tax regime to attract in...FM Arun Jaitley promises 'civilised' tax regime to attract investment
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 07.52PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(India will soon raise the…)
NEW DELHI: India will soon raise the foreign investment cap in insurance sector and work for making the tax regime "civilised" to attract overseas investments, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said while exuding confidence of achieving 6 per cent growth next fiscal.
Underlining that growth would depend on the states, he talked about cooperative federalism and announced release of Rs 11,000 crore to states in the current fiscal as part payment towards CST compensation to facilitate roll-out of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
Jaitley was replying to a debate in the Lok Sabha on Supplementary Demands for Grants for an additional expenditure of over Rs 12,500 crore. However, the actual cash outgo would be Rs 500 crore. It was later passed by the House.
Referring to the Select Committee report on further opening of insurance sector, Jaitley said, "Large investments are waiting to come in. We have to open the doors."
The committee has suggested a composite foreign investment cap of 49 per cent in the insurance sector, as against 26 per cent FDI cap currently.
The government would endeavour to usher in a "civilised tax policy" to attract overseas investments, he said, adding FDI regime has already been relaxed in defence sector and has generated lot of interest from top global manufacturers.
On the growth prospects, Jaitley said there are challenges but hoped that it would be within the projected range of 5.4-5.9 per cent in 2014-15 and cross 6 per cent in the next financial year.
Economic growth fell to sub-5 per cent in two consecutive fiscals in 2012-13 and 2013-14, he said, adding it had an impact on revenue collection, fiscal deficit and government's expenditure on developmental works.
While justifying the need for a "civilised" tax regime, Jaitley appeared to take a dig at the previous government saying "ultra-aggressive tax policy" has not helped in getting any additional revenue.
Without naming the Vodafone case, he said the retrospective tax brought during UPA rule had only brought "bad name" to India rather than garner any additional revenue.
"We inherited an economic situation of negative sentiment, where noone was willing to invest. There was reduced economic activity. The negative sentiment was further accelerated by ultra-aggressive tax policy," he said.
He also talked about moves to bring much-delayed GST on which he will be meeting the state Finance Ministers tomorrow.
"GST is not an issue on which we are divided on partisan line. Most state governments are going to benefit. The revenues are going to improve as far as the centre is concerned, states are concerned and I wish to assure this House with this commitment," the Finance Minister said.
Pitching for a bi-partisan approach towards economic issues, "your stand should not depend on where you seat (in treasury or opposition benches)".
Referring to the petroleum price issue, Jaitley said his government has reduced prices seven times and "if the trend continues, we will reduce it further".
  The government, he added, did increase the excise duty on petrol and diesel to raise some revenue to meet its development expenditure.
The hike in excise in diesel and petrol is expected to yield the exchequer Rs 10,500 crore in the current financial year.
On certain issues raised by the opposition parties during the debate, Jaitley said it was a "myth" that prices of essential drugs have gone up.
The other myth was that the government is amending the patent law, he said, adding there was a proposal of the previous government which has been dropped.
The Minister also clarified that the NDA government has not reduced the allocation for MGNREGA scheme.
As regards the subsidies, he said, the government would continue it for the poor but would curtail it for those who do not need it.
Referring to moves to replace the Planning Commission with a new body, Jaitley said, "we will work in the spirit of cooperate federalism and give more autonomy to states to formulate an implement schemes."
On suggestions from members for rate cut by RBI to boost growth, Jaitley said: "I agree ... Time has come with moderate inflation to bring down rates. If you bring down the rates, people will start borrowing from banks to pay for their flats and housing. The EMIs will go down".
Pointing towards RBI, he said the authorities who are competent to deal with it are fully seized of this view, notwithstanding the balancing exercise between inflation management and growth which they have to do.
The RBI, in its monetary policy announced last week, kept the interest rate unchanged at 8 per cent.
Talking about fiscal deficit, Jaitley said efforts made by his predecessor to stick to the "red line" by compressing developmental expenditure to the tune of Rs one lakh crore for two consecutive fiscals has aggravated the economic condition which was in a slowdown mode.
Jaitley said he was against the economic policy of running high fiscal deficit to meet current expenditure and burdening the future generations with higher borrowings.
Referring to the 6 months of the NDA regime, Jaitley said there were some positive signs, inflation has moderated, sentiments have improved and foreign and domestic investors have started showing interest in the country.
After raising the foreign investment cap in defence there has been a a flurry of joint ventures in the sector.
On the issue of gold imports, Jaitley said, "our forex position is comfortable, reserves are increasing. We should not panic."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Of beauty  dreams and wondersUpdated: December 10, 2014 20:22 IST
Of beauty, dreams and wonders
Nivedita Ganguly
Miss Vizag 2014 Shobhana Guddela. Photo: K.R. Deepak
First runner-up Laxmi Bharadwaj. Photo: K.R. Deepak
Second runner -up Suryamayee. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
fashion
The journey of The Miss Vizag contest has not only grown bigger with time, it has also brought about a change in social perception
Over the past 50 years, the official Miss India contest has given wings to the dreams of many women and the slew of Miss World and Miss Universe titles in the later years only added more sheen to the glamour. All along these years, the beauty world was witnessing yet another metamorphosis which resulted in similar events mushrooming across the country’s smaller cities.
The long journey of The Miss Vizag contest has not only grown bigger with time, it has also brought about a change in social perception of the beauty world and provided a platform to many girls from middle-class families, lifting their dreams to the next level. For majority of the participants, the contest had been their first tryst with the fashion world. While a few made it big, for others it was like a sweet and short moment of glory that will be cherished for years to come.
For Shobhana Guddela, who bagged the title of Miss Vizag 2014, the month-long experience of being a part of the contest brought about a life-changing phase. “My life has become very hectic all of sudden. People are recognising me on the streets,” says a euphoric Shobhana.
While she is enjoying all the attention and limelight now, she does miss the carefree days when she could ride her two-wheeler in the busy city roads without being noticed by the public. “Just the other day, I was returning back in an auto-rickshaw when a group of people started calling out ‘Miss Vizag’ loudly on the road. And many started taking pictures! It is all a different experience for me. Now even to step out to the neighbouring store, my parents have to come along with me,” says Sobhana, who completed his graduation from Pydah College of Engineering.
She quickly adds, “But my first priority is my higher studies. I want to pursue MS in Construction Management.” While she prepares to apply for higher studies abroad for the fall season next year, Shobhana says she is open to exploring modelling assignments and film offers as and when the “right opportunity” comes. “I got two film offers but I haven’t committed myself to any project yet. My parents are looking at all the offers and I will go by whatever they suggest,” says the 22-year-old, who is now working on her fitness levels and joined Zumba classes to be in shape.
Life may have shifted gears for Laxmi Bharadwaj, the first runner-up of Miss Vizag 2014, but she still wants to take it slow and tread carefully even as she explores her dreams in the tinseltown. The day after the grand finale of the beauty pageant, Laxmi signed her first film offer. Reluctant to divulge further details, the former air hostess says that the film is a romantic flick with a tinge of horror.
“The experience at the beauty pageant has helped me in a big way personally. My family is very happy and they now have the confidence in me and know that my film dreams are finally coming true,” says Laxmi. Cautious not to get lost in the mirage of all the sudden attention and celebrations, Laxmi says these are just the initial days. “I want to have a long innings. And for that I need to make a strong foundation by honing by acting skills and maintaining the fitness levels. I have no background of acting, so I have to take training for the basics,” says Laxmi, who has joined a short course in acting before she starts shooting for her first film early next year. This weekend, Laxmi will be on her way to Hyderabad to meet the crew of another film project.
Suryamayee Mohapatra’s phone keeps ringing these days. “I get so many calls from relatives, friends and Odiya and Telugu filmmakers! It’s like a dream for me,” says the 19-year-old. “But I am sure of one thing,” she pauses and adds, “I don’t want to get into films. The modelling world is where I think I will do well.” The stage and the lights were not new to Suryamayee. Being a trained Odissi dancer for over five years, she had given performances at the national level. Ask her what made her participate in the beauty contest, pat comes the reply, “I knew I had a good stage presence and once I was in it, I was confident of making it to the finals at least,” says Suryamayee. Studies remain her top priority as she gets ready to appear for the medical entrances next year. But doesn’t she miss all the glitter of the beauty pageant now that it’s over?
“Oh yes! I had put in so much effort to present my best. That peacock attire I wore during the final rounds of the contest, that one was designed by my sister. We both were so much involved that she made sure I never repeated a hairstyle! I miss the days now,” adds Suryamayee.

India s Satyarthi  Pak s Malala receive Nobel Peace Prize in ceremony of symbolismSatyarthi, Malala receive Nobel Peace Prize
AFP  Oslo, December 10, 2014
First Published: 18:20 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:13 IST(11/12/2014)
Comments
Indian child rights campaigner Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize on Wednesday, sharing his award with Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai, who became the youngest laureate ever. 
Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai pose with their medals during the Nobel Peace Prize awards ceremony at the City Hall in Oslo, Norway. (AFP Photo)
"A young girl and a somewhat older man, one from Pakistan and one from India, one Muslim, the other Hindu; both symbols of what the world needs: more unity. Fraternity between the nations!" Thorbjoern Jagland, chairman of the Norwegian Nobel committee, said at the ceremony in Oslo.
Satyarthi's organisation Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Movement to Save Childhood) prides itself on liberating more than 80,000 children from bonded labour in factories and workshops across India and has networks of activists in more than 100 countries.
According to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) there are about 168 million child labourers around the world.
Nobel winners receive eight million Swedish kronor ($1.1 million, 862,000 euros), which is shared in the case of joint wins.
Satyarthi, a soft-spoken, trim 60-year-old, has for decades been at the forefront of the drive against child labour in India, home to the largest number of working children in the world, according to the charity ChildLine.
"This prize is important for the millions and millions who are denied a childhood," Satyarthi said in Oslo on the eve of the prize-giving.
The award has sparked new awareness about child labour, he said, adding, "Consciousness is the beginning of change."
"There are children who are sold and bought like animals," said Satyarthi, an admirer of the pacifist teachings of Indian independence icon Mahatma Gandhi.
"There are children who are born and live in situations of conflict and terror."
"I refuse to accept that the world is so poor, when just one week of global military expenditure is enough to bring all of our children into classrooms," he said after receiving the prize.
"I refuse to accept that the shackles of slavery can ever be... stronger than the quest for freedom."
Malala, 17, became a global icon after she was shot and nearly killed by the Taliban in October 2012 for insisting that girls had a right to an education.
Malala has already been honoured with a host of awards, standing ovations and plaudits everywhere from the United Nations to Buckingham Palace.
On the eve of the ceremony, she said she would not rest on her laurels, saying she would like one day to become prime minister in her native Pakistan.
"If I can serve my country best through politics and through becoming a prime minister then I would definitely choose that," she told the BBC.
"I want to serve my country and my dream is that my country becomes a developed country and I see every child get an education."
 
7,000 Norwegian children
 
Minutes after Malala received the prize, a man carrying a Mexican flag walked towards her, but was caught by security. His motives were unknown.
Before the ceremony, Malala and Yousafzai met with 7,000 Norwegian children aged between six and 14 in the heart of Oslo.
"You have given me so much energy. It's more than a red bull!" Malala said.
At a press conference in Oslo on Tuesday Malala said that in many parts of the world, children's requirements are infinitely more modest than an "iPad or computer."
"What they are asking for is just a book, just a pen, so why can't we do that?"
Malala was 15 when a Taliban gunman shot her in the head as she travelled on a school bus in response to her campaign for girls' education.
Although she almost died, she recovered after being flown for extensive surgery in Birmingham, central England.
She has been based in the city with her family ever since, continuing both her education and activism.
 
Indian-Pakistani symbolism  
The pairing of Malala and Satyarthi had the extra symbolism of linking neighbouring countries that have been in conflict for decades.
After she was named as the winner, Malala said she wanted both states' prime ministers to attend the prize-giving ceremony in Oslo.
"If the prime ministers had come here I would have been very happy," she said.
"I would have thought of it as a big opportunity to ask them... to make education their top priority and work on it together because we see the number of children who are out of school and suffering from child labour are mostly in India and Pakistan."
The other prizes -- also featuring the literature prize winner, Frenchman Patrick Modiano, and his compatriot Jean Tirole with the economics award -- will be awarded in Stockholm later Wednesday.

Pak woman  4 children hacked by estranged son in honour killingsPak woman, 4 children hacked by estranged son
AFP
print
A file photo of people protesting against a honor killing incident in Pakistan. (Image: agencies)
A Pakistani couple and four of their children were axed to death by the wife's long-lost son from a previous marriage in an "honour" killing to exact revenge for her taking a second husband, police said Tuesday.
The gruesome murders in the central city of Jhang occurred when the woman's son by her first husband, who died more than 30 years ago, came to visit her for the first time in three decades, together with her former brother-in-law.
The couple's 13-year-old daughter was critically injured in the attack on Tuesday night and is fighting for her life in hospital, while four other children escaped unharmed.
"Ghulam Fatima, who was in her sixties, had married the man of her choice after her husband died and they moved to Punjab from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa after threats from Fatima's former in-laws," Allah Ditta, a local police official told AFP.
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa is a conservative northwestern province where it is frowned upon for a woman to marry for a second time, especially of her own choosing.
Allah Ditta added that Fatima's ex-in laws had been searching for her in vain since she fled her old home, finally tracing her to her house in the Athara Hazari neighbourhood of Jhang city on Monday.
Her son and brother-in-law were invited to stay as guests but murdered their hosts a day later.
"Her son and his uncle came to her house on Monday and stayed there until Tuesday night when they axed Fatima, her husband and four children to death," Ditta said.
Mian Aslam, a second local police official confirmed the incident and said Fatima's son Mohammad remained at large but his uncle Gul Zameen had been arrested.
Fazal Bhutta, a doctor at the government-run District Headquarters Hospital said the bodies of the couple and four of their children (two women, a girl and a boy) were brought to the morgue late Tuesday night.
Hundreds of women are murdered by their relatives in Pakistan each year on the grounds of defending family "honour".
The Aurat Foundation, a campaign group that works to improve the lives of women in Pakistan's conservative and patriarchal society, says more than 3,000 have been killed in such attacks since 2008.

http://usat.ly/1scCnpkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks plunge as oil tumbles 4%; Dow down 268
Stocks plunged Wednesday in the markets worst day since early October as a gloomy prediction for global oil demand sent crude prices plunging again.
Post to Facebook
Stocks plunge as oil tumbles 4%; Dow down 268 Stocks plunged Wednesday in the markets worst day since early October as a gloomy prediction for global oil demand sent crude prices plunging again. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AfjosX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
40
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks plunge as oil tumbles 4%; Dow down 268
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 12:01 a.m. EST December 11, 2014
A broad sell-off on Wall Street had the Dow Jones Industrial tanking 268 points. All the benchmarks lost more than 1.5% pressured by falling oil prices. Newslook
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
442 CONNECT 293 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 40 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Plunging oil prices took a heavy toll on Wall Street Wednesday as fears of a slowdown in the energy sector sent stocks to their biggest drop in two months and pushed crude oil to a new five-year low.
The declines were led by oil stocks, many of which are down 50% or more since oil began a steep drop at the end of June.
Falling energy prices are generally seen as good for the economy because they lower how much consumers pay at the gas pump. But they hurt oil companies' profits and how much those companies can invest in hiring and new production.
"The drop in oil prices is good," says Russ Koesterich, chief investment strategist for BlackRock. "It's the rate of decline that's scaring people."
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 268 points, or 1.5%, to 17,533 for its worst loss since Oct. 9. The benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 1.6% to 2026, also the worst showing in two months.
Oil was the big story as it dropped $2.88, or 4.5%, to $60.94 a barrel, threatening to fall below $60 for the first time since July of 2009 and leaving it down 43% from its high this year.
Wednesday's slide came after OPEC slashed estimates over how much crude it will need to produce in 2015, because of swelling supply from North America and other rising producers.
OPEC slashes oil production estimate; crude slumps again
The steep decline in oil raises fears that small exploration and production companies could go out of business if prices fall too low. That could cause turmoil among those who are lending to them: junk-bond purchasers and smaller banks.
The concern is clear in the S&P SmallCap 600 energy sector, which is down more than 50% from the end of June, says S&P Dow Jones Indices. Worry spread to the broader market. The "fear gauge," Chicago Board Options Exchange's volatility index, spiked nearly 25%.
The good news? Things really aren't that bad for the broad stock market, at least not yet.
At Wednesday's close, the S&P 500 index is just 2.3% below its record close Dec. 3 and still up 9.6% for 2014.
Contributing: Adam Shell in New York and Matt Krantz in Los Angeles
USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable:

http://usat.ly/1scC6CSFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks plunge as oil tumbles 4%; Dow down 268
Stocks plunged Wednesday in the markets worst day since early October as a gloomy prediction for global oil demand sent crude prices plunging again.
Post to Facebook
Stocks plunge as oil tumbles 4%; Dow down 268 Stocks plunged Wednesday in the markets worst day since early October as a gloomy prediction for global oil demand sent crude prices plunging again. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1AfjosX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
40
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks plunge as oil tumbles 4%; Dow down 268
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 12:01 a.m. EST December 11, 2014
A broad sell-off on Wall Street had the Dow Jones Industrial tanking 268 points. All the benchmarks lost more than 1.5% pressured by falling oil prices. Newslook
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
442 CONNECT 293 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 40 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Plunging oil prices took a heavy toll on Wall Street Wednesday as fears of a slowdown in the energy sector sent stocks to their biggest drop in two months and pushed crude oil to a new five-year low.
The declines were led by oil stocks, many of which are down 50% or more since oil began a steep drop at the end of June.
Falling energy prices are generally seen as good for the economy because they lower how much consumers pay at the gas pump. But they hurt oil companies' profits and how much those companies can invest in hiring and new production.
"The drop in oil prices is good," says Russ Koesterich, chief investment strategist for BlackRock. "It's the rate of decline that's scaring people."
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 268 points, or 1.5%, to 17,533 for its worst loss since Oct. 9. The benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 1.6% to 2026, also the worst showing in two months.
Oil was the big story as it dropped $2.88, or 4.5%, to $60.94 a barrel, threatening to fall below $60 for the first time since July of 2009 and leaving it down 43% from its high this year.
Wednesday's slide came after OPEC slashed estimates over how much crude it will need to produce in 2015, because of swelling supply from North America and other rising producers.
OPEC slashes oil production estimate; crude slumps again
The steep decline in oil raises fears that small exploration and production companies could go out of business if prices fall too low. That could cause turmoil among those who are lending to them: junk-bond purchasers and smaller banks.
The concern is clear in the S&P SmallCap 600 energy sector, which is down more than 50% from the end of June, says S&P Dow Jones Indices. Worry spread to the broader market. The "fear gauge," Chicago Board Options Exchange's volatility index, spiked nearly 25%.
The good news? Things really aren't that bad for the broad stock market, at least not yet.
At Wednesday's close, the S&P 500 index is just 2.3% below its record close Dec. 3 and still up 9.6% for 2014.
Contributing: Adam Shell in New York and Matt Krantz in Los Angeles
USA TODAY's 2015 Investment Roundtable:

Cramer: Low oil fabulous for businesscramer: low oil fabulous for business
Head- Derivatives ICICIdirect.comExpertise : F&O 
Amit Gupta heads the Derivatives Research desk at ICICI Securities and has been with the firm since 2003. Total experience comprises 10 years. In the beginning of his career, listed equity Derivatives was in the nascent stage in India. He was involved in various customer meets across various states in India to spread the awareness regarding this product. Later he also delivered various lectures organized through BSE and ICICIDirect institute. This provided him the opportunity to receive wide range of customer feedbacks. This helped in creating products in Derivatives which were helpful to cater the varied customer needs. He initiated products like Alpha Strategy, Calendar spreads, Delta differential strategy, Ratio spreads, Delta Gamma Neutral strategy, Deep value options, Positional option selling, Theta/Vega strategy, Stock Trader/Stock-in-Focus, Pair Trade, Arbitrage products, etc. Institutional derivatives products are also given to the institutional sales team with an opinion to serve the various prop desks, Hedge funds and Domestic institutions. His team meticulously tracks the Indian markets and keeps a close tab on the global equity and currency markets.
ABOUT Amit Gupta
Amit Gupta heads the Derivatives Research desk at ICICI Securities and has been with the firm since 2003. Total experience comprises 10 years. In the beginning of his career, listed equity Derivatives was in the nascent stage in India. He was involved in various customer meets across various states in India to spread the awareness regarding this product. Later he also delivered various lectures organized through BSE and ICICIDirect institute. This provided him the opportunity to receive wide ran...

CAPTCHA: Annoying to Humans  Easy for MachinesWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Confident about reclaiming top spotSave this video
Copy URL
Vishal Sikka, CEO and MD of Infosys has said that the company would now focus on the organic growth to revive the fortunes of the organisation.
243

Maryland Plane CrashPlane Crashes Into Maryland Home, Killing Family and 3 Aboard
Dec 8, 2014, 10:47 PM ET
Smoke is seen after a small plane crashed in to a home and damaged others in Gaithersburg, Maryland, Dec. 8, 2014.
WJLA
Share
Copy
A mom and her two children are dead after a private jet crashed into their Maryland home today, a disaster that also killed the three people aboard the plane, authorities said.
The jet crashed in Gaithersburg, about a mile north of the Montgomery County Airpark. The plane exploded, setting fires and damaging three houses, fire officials said.
The plane sliced through the roof of one home, and the main part of the fuselage and the tail landed against a second house. One of the wings "catapulted" into a third house, where the majority of the fire damage occurred, Robert Sumwalt of the National Transportation Safety Board said at a news conference today.
"Our mission is to find out not only what happened but why it happened because we want to make sure something like this never happens again," he said.
The family was found on the second floor of one of the homes.
"We don't know at this point if the cause of death was smoke inhalation or something else," Chief Thomas Manger of the Montgomery County Police said.
Jose Luis Magana/AP Photo
PHOTO: The wreckage of a small plane that crashed into a house in Gaithersburg, Md., Dec. 8, 2014.
The victims included one woman and her two sons, identified as an infant and a 3 year old. The woman's husband and their other child, age 5, are alive, Manger said.
"This is a tragic loss for the Montgomery County community," Fire Chief Steve Lohr added.
The plane was coming from Chapel Hill, North Carolina and intended to land at the Montgomery County Airpark, Sumwalt said.
The NTSB is conducting an investigation and will look at weather, wreckage, air traffic control, the plane's equipment and more to "gather as much factual information as we can so we can reconstruct this crash." The plane's data recorders have been recovered and are being investigated, he added.
Jose Luis Magana/AP Photo
PHOTO: Montgomery County, Md. firefighters stand outside a house where a small plane crashed in Gaithersburg, Md., Dec. 8, 2014.
Byron Valencia, 31, said he heard the crash from his kitchen.
"When I opened my window, I could see smoke over the trees and I heard a small explosion, like a pop," he told the Associated Press. "I could see the smoke rising ... it's scary."
Fire officials were on scene within seven minutes of the 911 call, Lohr said.
ABC News aviation analyst John Nance called the crash "incredibly unusual."
"These jets are incredibly safe," he said.
Nance added that lost engines or fuel starvation could have been to blame.
Join the Discussion

A Child Friendly World -- Within Our ReachEmail
Comment
By conferring the Nobel Prize on Malala and I, the Nobel Committee has recognised one of the most pressing yet neglected issues of our times. Millions of children still remain invisible, voiceless and unheard. During the last few weeks, their suffering has got unprecedented attention by the law makers, judiciary and civil society not only in India but worldwide.
Childhood protected and nurtured will yield superior global human capital, while wasted childhood will erode all prospects of a promising tomorrow. Our tomorrow will be as good or as bad as how and what we do about our children today!!!
It is impossible to script global growth leaving behind those 168 million children across the world who are losing their precious childhood to child labour, out of which 85 million are in hazardous occupations that leave them scarred for life, completely dilapidating their physical, cognitive, moral and social wellbeing besides denying their universal right to education. What can be expected of a child who does not get an education, continues to do repetitive unskillful tasks and grows up into an adult without any value-addition? These child labourers inadvertently enter the vicious circle of illiteracy, poverty and child labour, which I term as the "Triangular Paradigm." Thus child labour and poverty are both cause and consequence of each other. It is impossible to eliminate one without eliminating the other. Look at the painful paradox that while there are 168 million child labourers world over there are around 200 million adults worldwide who are jobless. They are the very parents of these child labourers. It won't be an exaggeration to say that child labour is the biggest travesty and scandal of our times.
No prizes for guessing that child labourers are preferred over adults because they are docile, they do not demand minimum wages, they cannot unionise and they work for endless hours as slaves and at times fall easy victims of sexual exploitation at the hands of their employers. Today, child labourers can be found from farms to mines and factories to homes. Therefore, child labour is as much an issue in the developed countries as it is in the developing. Denial of education and freedom is violence against children.
The battle against child labour can only be won by the weapons of 6 E's: (i) Education (ii) Employability (iii) Entrepreneurship (iv) Efficiency (v) Equity (vi) Ethics.
I cannot emphasise enough the importance of education that gives meaning and direction to life. Education is a perfect antidote for child labour. Children at school form the very foundation of a sustainable and prosperous society. It has been proved beyond reasonable doubts that a single year of primary school increases the wages people earn later in life by 5-15% for boys and even more for girls. For each additional year of secondary school, an individual's wages increase by 15-25% . Furthermore, according to World Literacy Foundation "no country has ever achieved continuous and rapid economic growth without first having at least 40% of its adults able to read and write."
The second weapon of employability is no less important and should be seen as a logical culmination of the global education system coupled up with an eclectic balance of vocational and life skills. Education that cannot guarantee employment is very much like a boat without a rudder. Unemployment fuels economic instability and intolerance that can render the youth amok.
Thirdly, entrepreneurship is at the helm of job creation for adults and is an important element for accomplishing the decent work agenda. Entrepreneurship in fact is the prime mover of the global economy.
As an electrical engineer, I draw a clear analogy between minimising transmission loss and increasing the efficiency proportionately. Governments world over will have to be efficient for creating child friendly policies with a sense of utmost urgency and thereafter ensure effective implementation of the same. The governments must give due respect to the trade union movement so that rights to collective bargaining and freedom of association are not jeopardised.
One must not forget that if the adults are not enjoying their fundamental rights at work or are unemployed, they, in all likelihood, would send their children to work. Corporations would have to work out innovative and efficient solutions to ensure that there are no child/human/labour rights violations in their supply chains. Civil society must efficiently extend all support to governments and corporations in the collective endeavour to uphold the best interest of all children.
Equity and egalitarianism is the fulcrum of a just, peaceful and humane society. Every global citizen must be given the due and fair share as enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. It is the responsibility of each and every stakeholder to work towards infusing equity in the society.
Last but not the least, 'ethic' is the fluid that polishes and sharpens all the five weapons that I have mentioned above. One cannot run away or hide from one's soul. Transparent, accountable and responsible behaviour by governments, corporations, civil society and global citizens can make this world a much better and safer place for all children.
It is completely up to us as to how we use these six weapons for the betterment of our children. I am absolutely sure that if used prudently and with a heart that brims with love for the children, a child friendly world is definitely within our reach. Let's make it a reality.
Follow Kailash Satyarthi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/k_satyarthi
More:

WTO rules in Indias favour in steel dispute with U.S.GENEVE/NEW DELHI, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 22:34 IST
WTO rules in India’s favour in steel dispute with U.S.
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
The Appellate Body of the WTO has ruled that the duty imposed by the U.S. on the Indian steel products is ‘inconsistent’ with its agreement on subsidies and countervailing measures.
TOPICS
trade dispute
The World Trade Organization (WTO) has ruled against the U.S. imposing high duty on imports of certain Indian steel products, an order hailed by India as a ‘significant victory’ that will help domestic manufacturers and exporters. The Appellate Body of the WTO has ruled that the high duty imposed by the U.S. on the certain Indian steel imports was ‘inconsistent’ with various provisions of the Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures (ASCM).
India says major victory
“India has achieved a significant victory at the WTO, as the Appellate Body held that the Countervailing Duty (CVD) measures imposed by the U.S. against certain hot-rolled carbon steel flat products are inconsistent with various provisions of the ASCM,” an official statement said. The move would definitely help domestic manufacturers, which had been suffering due to inconsistent practices by the U.S. Department of Commerce, it added.
The implication of this ruling is that the U.S. has to amend its domestic law to be WTO compliant.
“It has significant trade impact for India as out of the current 10 products on which U.S. has imposed CVD, about seven products suffer from the same inconsistency,” it said.

Maybe dont entrust your darkest secrets to an anonymous appBy Caitlin Dewey December 9, 2014 Follow @caitlindewey
(YikYak)
Yet another “anonymous” messaging app has been exposed for security flaws — further proof that you should never trust anyone or anything. (Except, maybe, in some cases, your mother.)
The app in question this time is the absurdly named Yik Yak , a sort of community message board popular among college students who like to swap gossip, mundane daily observations, and the occasional bomb threat . It’s become wildly popular in its first year online, largely because it promises total anonymity to its posters.
Alas, even total anonymity has its loopholes: In a blog post published Monday , the security firm SilverSky Labs claimed to have found a software vulnerability that would let a hacker take control of another user’s account, viewing all her “Yaks” — and, theoretically, piecing together her identity. Yik Yak has since patched the hole, but it was around for months, exposing the millions people who have downloaded Yik Yak and made it one of the most popular apps in Apple’s app store.
Of course, Web sites get hacked. That’s kind of the name of the game. Web sites even hire firms like SilverSky to hack them, in order to figure out these flaws before the bad guys do.
But given that the entire premise of anonymous-sharing apps is that you can share things anonymously, these little cracks look less like “bugs” and more like … an existential threat to the very concept of anonymous sharing. (Which is pretty problematic, given that this was the year of the anonymous social network and everything.) To wit:
In October, the Guardian reported that Whisper can track the locations of all its users and that its staff routinely tracks the location and posts of “newsworthy” users, such as people posting from the House. Whisper has disputed that account, but changed its privacy policy anyway.
In August, white hat hackers were able to uncover the identities of individuals posting to the confessional app Secret. “We do not say that you will be completely safe at all times,” the app’s chief executive said, concerningly.
In the latest and greatest breach, an intern (!) at SilverSky discovered a glitch that let anyone access and even take over another user’s account, provided they shared a WiFi network.
We’ll leave the bottom line to Sanford Moskowitz, the security research intern who discovered the “Yik Yak hack.”
“The Internet is scary,” Moskowitz wrote. “Consider keeping private thoughts to yourself.”
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Fed Proposing Big US Banks Boost Capital BuffersWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Changing Business Education Through Mindful Leadershipreddit
On a cold evening in November, 70 people sat silently in a classroom, eyes closed, focusing on their breath. This was not a self-help retreat, and the participants were not the incense-burning type. They were MBA students at NYU's Stern School of Business , and the event was part of the School's new Mindfulness in Business Initiative , launched by NYU Stern and NYU Global Spiritual Life and created in partnership with the Institute for Mindful Leadership .
As my co-author Janice Marturano, founder and executive director of the Institute, says,  "Mindful leadership involves cultivating focus, clarity, creativity and compassion. It strengthens the ability to embody leadership presence. Leadership presence is a tangible quality. Those around a mindful leader see and feel that presence." As many successful leaders attest, mindful leadership can yield major improvements in performance and fulfillment on the job. And it can often lead to choices that result in the 'win-win-win'... choices that are good for the leader, good for the employees, and good for the community.
Although several top CEOs have come out as mindfulness practitioners and attributed much of their success to mindful leadership, business education has not yet fully caught up. NYU Stern, with the help of the Institute for Mindful Leadership, is changing this. Today's business leaders face a range of new leadership challenges, such as navigating the increasing speed of change, leveraging the power of technology and motivating employees across multiple generations, to name a few. While these challenges are not insurmountable, meeting them requires a new kind of leadership that goes beyond financial models and strategic frameworks."
The goal of the Mindfulness in Business Initiative is to transform business leadership in the 21st century on a national and global level by integrating mindfulness into the core of how business schools train their students. Dan Devece, a second-year MBA student at NYU Stern, already sees the benefits of the mindful leadership training he received. He told me:
As aspiring leaders, I think my fellow business school students and I are often critically looking at our past to constructively build our futures. Yet, very rarely do we take time to be in the present. The mindful leadership techniques I'm learning force me to be in the moment and really feel what's going on. I know this will help me with handling tough leadership decisions gracefully in the future.
As NYU Stern students move into leadership positions, they have the power to significantly impact companies and industries as they bring with them a new paradigm for leadership that helps create a new "bottom line," exemplifying compassion, self-awareness, courage, and resilience personally, interpersonally, and organizationally. The Institute for Mindful Leadership, which develops and delivers mindful leadership training to leaders in a range of organizations around the world -- corporate, nonprofit, academic, government and military -- is a natural partner in this. Many of the organizations with which the Institute works are the same Fortune 500 and leading nonprofit organizations that hire NYU Stern MBA students after graduation.  In other words, NYU Stern contributes heavily to their talent pipelines. By joining forces to give students the tools to develop as mindful leaders during their MBA experience, we are helping pave the way for their successful transitions into leadership roles, and their positive impact on organizations.
Follow Caitlin Weaver on Twitter: www.twitter.com/caitlinrweaver
More:

Cancel Ride: Portland Sues to Get Rid of Ubercancel ride: portland sues to get rid of uber
3 Banking Regulations We Can t Let Republicans Take Awayreddit
Beginning in January, Republicans will have their largest majority in the U.S. House of Representatives since World War II along with a new majority in the Senate. They have already signaled that one of their first priorities will be to repeal or cripple regulations that are supposed to keep our economy stable, protect Americans' money and jobs, and prevent Wall Street consumer fraud and abuse.
As we all remember too well, our economy crashed in 2008 because of a lack of regulation of the financial industry. More than 8 million people lost their jobs. Retirees lost savings. Homeowners saw property values plummet. School systems had to cut teachers and increase class sizes as budgets diminished.
To try to prevent future economic disasters, the 2010 Congress, controlled by Democrats, passed a Wall Street reform bill (often referred to as "Dodd-Frank"). This bill provided some important safeguards to unregulated, shadowy trading and curbed some of the worst abuses of a mortgage lending industry that had preyed on consumers.
Republican members of Congress, spurred by Wall Street lobbyists, filibustered the bill in the Senate and fought it every step in the House. Despite overwhelming bipartisan public support for reform of Wall Street, less than two years after rampant speculation touched off a nationwide recession, only one Republican in the U.S. Senate and three in the U.S. House supported the final bill.
Ever since its passage, Republicans have made undoing these safeguards a top priority. Here are three vital pieces of the bill in danger of losing funding or an outright appeal with Republicans in charge:
1. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
One fact that emerged from the crisis was that no agency had the bottom-line responsibility of protecting American consumers of financial products. The Consumer Protection Bureau (CFPB) was established to centralize accountability within a single federal agency for the enforcement of financial consumer protection laws.
The new financial protection agency has three responsibilities. It enforces laws involving credit cards, home mortgages, student loans, or payday lenders. It educates consumers and answers their questions about their rights. And it identifies patterns that may require additional federal action. It also has an Office of Servicemember Affairs that forced the financial agency Sallie Mae to return $96 million in student loan fees it overcharged members of the military.
Establishment of the CFPB was strongly opposed by Wall Street.  After the agency began operations, Republicans pushed legislation that would change the way the agency is run and financed. Their goal was to remove the CFPB's independence and undermine its effectiveness. But they could not get their bill through the Democrat-controlled Senate.
2. The Volcker Rule
With their new majority in the Senate, along with the House, a second Republican priority will be repeal of the so-called "Volcker rule" contained in Dodd-Frank that stops banks from engaging in risky "proprietary trading" in stocks, currencies, commodities, or other financial instruments. This rule is supposed to ensure that banks don't use the money that you have deposited with them to engage in risky speculation for their own profit. It also is supposed to prevent Wall Street from continuing to sell risky investments to pension funds, city governments, or other clients while using a bank's own money to bet against those same investments.
3. The Derivatives Rule
Also expect the new majority in Congress to try to repeal a Dodd-Frank rule that is supposed to regulate banks' involvement in transactions involving "derivatives." Speculation in derivatives based on home mortgages helped cause the collapse of financial giants Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, AIG, and other firms, fueling a broader economic catastrophe and leading to massive taxpayer bailouts.   Derivatives can be employed smartly by banks, but they should be strictly regulated to avoid the worst abuses of the past. Intense lobbying has already slowed development and implementation of this rule past its intended date.
In the coming months, consumers will need to make their voices heard. President Obama will need to be encouraged to hold the line by using his veto power. The Democratic leadership in the House and Senate must be urged to stand up.
In addition, responsible leaders in the business community must speak on behalf of our customers and help prevent another crash that would bury us all.
Business in America should be based on who has the best products and who puts consumers first -- not on who can engage in the riskiest practices or wield the greatest political clout to avoid oversight.
We've seen what happens when Wall Street is allowed to set the tone in Congress. We must all work together to keep from going back to those days of disaster.
Follow Keith Mestrich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AmalgamatedBank
More:

Google 72-hour sale set to be another mega online shopping festNissan Motor announces pre-bookings of Datsun GO+ in India
Even as the likes of Flipkart clocked sales of $100 million in under 10 hours thanks to its amazing discounts on the Big Billion day sale, the Google-promoted Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), which kicked off on intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday, promises to be another mega show. More than 5 million potential shoppers have already visited the site gosf.in to register themselves for the 72-hour online shopping festival that has 450 vendors this time, up from 250 last year and just 90 in 2012 when the festival was for just 24 hours.
Last year, 2 million users had visited the site and the merchants registered twice the growth on their daily average sales and this year most partners are expecting three times the sales.
Nitin Bawankule, director for e-commerce and online classifieds at Google India, told FE he saw the GOSF as a trend line for what is going to happen in the e-commerce industry the following year. For instance at last year’s GOSF, “we saw 45% of the users coming from mobile phones. At that time the e-commerce players were getting less than 20% of the transactions through mobile phones. So we told the merchants to develop their mobile platforms like apps,” he said. Most e-commerce firms now see roughly 45% of users coming on mobile platforms.
While the country’s largest e-commerce player Flipkart will not be part of GOSF, Google has managed to ensure its flagship Nexus 6 phone will be available at GOSF. Under the arrangement Google has, the Nexus 6 was to be sold in India only through Flipkart.
“The big boys might have grown indifferent but for most of the smaller players and offline players this still generates a lot of traffic and revenues. This has been working very well for them,” eTailing India founder Ashish Jhalani told FE.
However, other big e-commerce players such as Amazon.in, Snapdeal.com, Shopclues.com and Jabong.com are all geared up for the Google-promoted event. Google itself on Tuesday announced the launch of Google Chromecast in India at R2,999, to be sold on Snapdeal.com and select Airtel stores across India from Wednesday.
A continuing trend is that mobile phones still contribute 20% of e-commerce sales even if the price cuts have eased. Last year both mobile phones and laptops saw discounts of 6% on average during GOSF. According to Bawankule, discounts have ceased to be the reason for shoppers to buy online; rather, it is convenience and choice.
Google also has a special section offering products at Rs 299 with free shipping and cash on delivery to attract first-time buyers, who comprised over 30% of customers last year. And that should net more customers.
“During the three-day GOSF period, we are expecting a 400% increase in traffic and 300% increase in revenues,” said Rohan Bhargava, co-founder, CashKaro.com, one of the participating merchants.
TheElectronicStore.in, part of India’s brick-and-mortar retailer The Mobile Store, believes that if you can’t beat them, join them. After earlier protesting against the discounts offered by online players, The Mobile Store is participating this year. It would be hoping to get results similar to Shopclues.com, which reported a triple-digit increase in sales and nearly 1.5 lakh new customers in the event. The company is expecting traffic to surge by 120% and 180-200% rise in sales over GOSF 2013.
According to Bawankule, last year GOSF saw women’s participation of around 40%. In a recent study conducted by Google, it found that by 2016, of the 100 million shoppers that it is expecting online, 40% will be women.

New U.S. embassy warnings after release of interrogation reportBy Dan Lamothe December 9, 2014 Follow @danlamothe
A police officer patrols outside the U.S. embassy in London Dec. 9, 2014. The Senate Intelligence Committee released a report on the CIA’s anti-terrorism tactics on Tuesday and U.S. officials moved to shore up security at American facilities around the world as a precaution. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
The State Department released new security warnings Tuesday following the Senate Intelligence Committee’s release of a controversial report on CIA interrogation techniques, saying Americans should avoid crowds and watch out for unrest.
Emergency messages issued in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Thailand all cited the Senate report’s release as a cause for concern. State Department officials suggested monitoring developments through local media and U.S. embassy websites.
U.S. citizens “should be aware that the release of declassified versions of the executive summary, findings, and conclusions of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence’s study on the CIA’s Rendition, Detention and Interrogation program could prompt anti-U.S. protests and violence against U.S. interests, including private U.S. citizens,” the warnings said. “U.S. citizens should pay attention to their surroundings and take appropriate safety precautions, including avoiding demonstrations or confrontational situations.”
The new warnings come after defense officials confirmed Monday that had put a number of military units on a heightened state of alert in anticipation of unrest because of the report’s release. The units involved include a crisis-response unit that has Marines in Sigonella, Italy, and Morón, Spain, a second crisis-response unit with troops in Kuwait and Iraq, and 50-man teams of fleet anti-terrorism security team (FAST) Marines who are typically called upon to reinforce U.S. embassies.
Afghanistan and Pakistan have been sites of unrest perpetually since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on Washington and New York. Thailand was the home of a “black site” prison in which interrogations occurred, including some on Abu Zabaida, who is accused by the U.S. of being involved in al-Qaeda operations. He lost an eye at the site after undergoing interrogation that included waterboarding, according to the report.
The Senate report does not identify the location of the black sites, but includes a color-coded system that calls the one in Thailand “Detention Site Green.” The Washington Post determined which one was which using other details in the report.
Related on Checkpoint:

Airtel gains over 2% post TDSAT move; slips into redYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Bharti Airtel rallies after TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crore fine
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Bharti Airtel Ltd rallied…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel Ltd rallied as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside penalty notices of Rs 650 crore slapped on Bharti Airtel. The stock however slipped into red later in the day.
The tribunal on Tuesday stayed the penalty notices while allowing petitions of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India challenging the telecom department's move.
At 09:45 a.m.; Bharti Airtel was trading 0.34 per cent lower at Rs 353.05. It hit a low of Rs 352.3 and a high of Rs 362 in trade today.
Calling the penalties disproportionate to the violations, the TDSAT chided the telecom department for imposing the harshest penalty possible under the licence conditions, ET reported.
"Under subscriber local dialling service, a subscriber while roaming could prefix a code before dialing a number and could forgo payment of roaming charges. DoT accused Airtel and Vodafone of causing loss to BSNL, whom they would have to otherwise pay charges," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A battle over an Oklahoma high school football game moves from the gridiron to the courtroomBy Paul Cassell December 10, 2014
A Locust Grove player upends a Douglass player during a disputed November 28 playoff game. Bryan Terry/The Oklahoman, via AP
Today an Oklahoma court will reportedly decide whether to order the last minute of an Oklahoma high school football playoff game to be replayed.  Late in the game, the referee blew a call, affecting the outcome.  The school district of the aggrieved school filed a lawsuit to get the last minute redone. A judge indicated last week that he was “skeptical” of the claim, but nonetheless enjoined the winning team from proceeding with its playoff game. Are high school football refereeing decisions correctable in court?
Here’s what happened a week ago Friday.  In the quarterfinals of Oklahoma’s Class 3A football playoffs, Frederick A. Douglass High School of Oklahoma City was trailing undefeated Locust Grove High School by a score of 20-19. With 1:07 remaining in the game, Douglass then scored the apparent go-ahead touchdown on a 65-yard touchdown pass — while its coach ran down the sideline in jubilation.  But while doing so, the coach inadvertently bumped into the referee.  As this was the second time Douglass had committed such an infraction, the referee threw a flag for a five-yard penalty.
The rules call for such a penalty to be assessed on the ensuing kickoff. But the referee, not understanding the rules properly, called back the play — and the touchdown. Locust Grove hung on for a 20-19 win.
Challenges and litigation followed. First came claims of racism.   At a news conference, state Sen. Anastasia Pittman, D-Oklahoma City, and K. Gerone Free, pastor of Greater Mount Carmel Baptist Church, said “bias” had been evident through the years. “It’s more than one high school,” Pittman said. “Mainly, they were African-American high schools, predominantly black high schools that felt like they were oppressed by officiating that was implemented and misguided.”
Then Douglass went to the Oklahoma Secondary School Activities Association (OSSAA), filing an appeal and asking that the final 1:04 to be replayed. The Association apologized and acknowledged that a mistake had been made in applying the rules. The sideline infraction was a “dead ball” foul, not a “live ball” foul. But by a vote of 8-3, the Association declined to intervene on the ground that “OSSAA Board Policy does not permit protesting an official’s errors to the Board, nor do [National Federation of State High School Association (NFHS)] football rules.”
Next, the Oklahoma City School District (where Douglass is located) filed a lawsuit , asking for temporary restraining order forbidding Locust Grove from advancing and playing its scheduled semi-final game; Douglass asked for the final 1:04 of its game to be replayed with the score reset to 25-20 (and with a chance, presumably, to kick an extra point).  The School District argued that decisions of the OSSAA are subject to review under the Oklahoma Administrative Procedures Act (APA), and further that under APA substantial evidence must support an OSSAA decision. In light of the admission that the officiating crew had misunderstood the relevant rule, the District claimed that the OSSAA should have intervened in the result and ordered that the game be replayed with Douglass ahead and 1:04 left on the clock.  The District cited the NFHS rules, which state that “State Associations may intercede in the event of unusual incidents that occur before, during or after the game officials’ jurisdiction has ended . . . .”  NFHS Football Rules Book, Section 1, Article 8.  The District argued that the OSSAA acted unreasonably in concluding that it could not overturn the results of the game.
Last week, the trial judge issued a temporary restraining order forbidding Locust Grove from playing the next round of the playoffs (the semi-finals) pending a final ruling. He wanted further information on the arguments. The judge also indicated his concern about the “slippery slope” (thinking of, one can only hope, Eugene Volokh’s explication of this kind of argument ).
Meanwhile, in other related events, the OSSAA had to consider whether to declare the Douglass football team ineligible from any participation in the high school playoffs on other grounds. Apparently, a disappointed Douglass fan punched one of the referees in the game following the controversial finish.  OSSAA rules place a high school on probationary status for acts of violence directed against officials, and probationary status precludes participation in the playoffs. This would presumably render Douglass’ lawsuit moot.  [Update 12/10/14 at 4:30 E.S.T. -- The OSSAA has voted 7-4 to change Douglass' status to "warning" rather than "probationary," making them eligible to continue in the playoffs.]
I have not not been able to locate the OSSAA’s response on the merits to the pending lawsuit. However, litigation over high school sporting events is not unknown in the Sooner state. Last year, a Wright City baseball team’s legal fight to keep itself in the 2013 spring state tournament  delayed the event more than a month. And in 2005, a Shawnee football incident involving a quarterback’s who kicked an opponent pushed the Class 5A championship game back three weeks — his school argued, unsuccessfully, that he should not have been suspended from future games as a punishment.
Caselaw on the ability of courts to intervene in football game outcomes is sparse. A 1981 decision by the Georgia Supreme Court overturned a trial court ruling ordered a high school football game to be restarted at 7:01 in the fourth quarter because a football referee had misinterpreted the rules in failing to award for a roughing the punter infraction both a fifteen-yard penalty and a first down. The Supreme Court explained (without dissent) that “courts of equity in this state are without authority to review decisions of football referees because those decisions do not present judicial controversies.”
The Douglass lawsuit seems far-fetched. Mistakes about the rules are common in high school football, no less than other sporting events. (Here’s  ESPN’s collection of the 10 worst calls of all time.) Even assuming that the OSSAA has some sort of discretionary authority to intervene in a football game’s outcome (which seems questionable), prudence would strongly dictate not opening that Pandora’s Box.
More broadly, lost in the litigation (brought by a school district, no less) seems to be the larger point that the reason for high school athletics is not primarily to determine a state champion, but rather to teach students lessons in such things as teamwork, discipline, and overcoming adversity.  One of those lessons is that sometimes referee’s mistakes — even injustices — may happen, in an athletic contest no less than elsewhere.  Learning from those bad bounces, and moving beyond them, is what students need to succeed in life. Sadly, those more important lessons are being overshadowed with legal battles over rules interpretations and injunctions. The court should throw this case out.
An update on a strange coincidence:  It turns out that on the same night that the referee improperly assessed a dead ball foul in this high school game in Oklahoma, a refereeing crew in a high school game in Kentucky made exactly the same mistake .  The Kentucky High School Athletic Association sanctioned the refereeing crew involved, but refused to allow the game to be replayed because of the difficulty of determining exactly how to do that fairly.  No litigation followed.
An update on sportsmanship:  A commenter notes that in a 1940 football game between Cornell and Dartmouth , Cornell was given an extra down — a fifth down.  They scored to win the game 7-3. But when the error was discovered, the Cornell President telegraphed Dartmouth offering to forfeit the game.  And Dartmouth accepted.
Would it be good sportsmanship for Locust Grove to do the same here?  The problem with the strict analogy to the Cornell-Dartmouth game is that Cornell got an extra play at the goal line with just nine seconds remaining in the game.  It was almost indisputable that the bad refereeing altered the game’s outcome.  In contrast, in the Douglass-Locust Grove game, Locust Grove would have had around a minute to take the ensuing kickoff to try and score the go-ahead touchdown (assuming that Douglass kicked an extra point) or the tying touchdown (assuming that Douglass went for, and made, a two-point conversion — what-if possibilities).  Interestingly, Wikipedia describes the Cornell-Dartmouth game as ” the only time in the history of football that a game was decided off the field [citation needed].”  Will the Douglass-Locust Grove game become the second?
A variation on this sportsmanship argument is that Locust Grove should have taken the lead and offered to replay the last minute of the game.   Here’s what Oklahoman columnist Berry Tramel wrote about the possibility:
This isn’t about who’s right. This is about what’s right. This is about freeing the Locust Grove players from a lifetime of what-ifs. Freeing them from the gnawing feeling of ill-gotten gain. Giving them the precious gift that there are more important things than finishing first and having the most toys. What an opportunity to show, instead of tell. What an opportunity to instill those life lessons. . . . [W]hile winning a state championship would be great for Locust Grove, even greater would be teaching a bunch of teen-agers that doing the right thing is never a wrong way to go.
Seems like a great idea to me — although events may have moved beyond this possibility now.
Update: In an earlier version of this story, I tried to link to a photograph of the disputed play .  A video can be found here .   I’ve also corrected a few typos and spelling errors, including an error on the name of Frederick A. Douglass High School.
Paul G. Cassell teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and crime victims' rights at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. He also served as a U.S. District Court Judge for the District of Utah from 2002 to 2007.

Parliamentary Panel Recommends 49% Cap on FDI in InsuranceYou are here: Home Industries
Parliamentary Panel Recommends 49% Cap on Foreign Investment in Insurance
Reuters | Updated On: December 10, 2014 13:46 (IST)
RBI Relaxes External Commercial Borrowings Norms
New Delhi: A parliamentary committee has recommended a composite cap of 49 per cent on foreign investment in insurance in a report tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.
The select committee report said that the cap on foreign investment in insurance include foreign direct investment and foreign portfolio investments.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in his maiden budget speech in July that the "composite cap" in the insurance sector should be increased to 49 per cent from the current level of 26 per cent, with full Indian management and control.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SKS Micro surges 11%; UBS initiates with buyUBS initiates coverage on SKS Microfinance, sees over 40% upside in 12 months
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 10, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
LIC
(UBS initiated coverage…)
NEW DELHI: UBS initiated coverage on SKS Microfinance with a 'buy' rating on Tuesday with a target price of Rs 500, which translates into an upside of 43 per cent from Tuesday's closing price of Rs 348.95.
The stock surged nearly 11% in intraday trade today.
Due to its strong growth potential and high ROE, SKS Microfinance is one of our preferred NBFC picks among others which are LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance.
"We base our price target on the residual income method; it implies 3.7x FY17E P/BV and 17x FY17E PE. Our key assumptions in the model are a discount rate of 13.5 per cent, beta of 1.1 and an equity risk premium of 5 per cent," UBS said in a report.
After consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking microfinance companies have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of over 40 per cent in FY14 and H1 FY15.
The global investment bank expects low microfinance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC MFIs to support a loan CAGR of over 25 per cent for the sector over the medium term.
SKS Microfinance (SKSM) is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book, and has a diversified loan book and national presence. UBS expect a 32 per cent CAGR in assets under management (AUM) over FY15-17.
SKS Microfinance provides an attractive opportunity to invest in India's microfinance industry, which is highly under-penetrated. Estimates points to the fact that, SKS is likely to grow at a much higher rate than other India financials in the medium term.
The shares have significantly outperformed benchmark indices, with a return of 89 per cent YTD (compared to 62% for the BSE Bankex and 33% for the CNX Nifty) and are now trading at 2.6x FY17E P/BV and 12.1x FY17E PE.
UBS expect the robust earnings outlook (66% earnings CAGR over FY15-17E) and strong ROE to continue to support the premium valuation in the medium term, and see re-rating potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Girl s Samsung Galaxy Ace explodes while she was asleepDec 10, 2014 at 03:25pm IST
Girl's Samsung Galaxy Ace explodes while she was asleep
16
1
Toronto: An Ontario University student revealed that her Samsung Galaxy Ace phone exploded next to her while she was sleeping. The incident, which happened in October, only came to light when the media reported it Monday.
Hope Casserly said she was awakened at 1.30am Oct 22 by a loud popping sound next to her, CBC News reported.
"My back was to the phone and ah - I saw a light going across my shoulder, which would be the inside of the battery on fire. It hit the wall and fell onto my bed," she was quoted as saying.
The phone was not charging and was on her bedside, with its screen facing upwards.
#samsung #galaxy ace #smartphones
"I realised it was a fire and so I half sat up and put out the fire with my pillow ... looked over and realised there was another fire and put that out with my pillow again and a turned on all the lights to see what happened," Casserly added.
The phone was not charging and was on her bedside, with its screen facing upwards.
She immediately contacted Samsung, who sent the phone back to Korea to investigate.
"We have provided the customer with a replacement device and will be following up with the customer to resolve the matter," Samsung was quoted as saying by CBC News.
The company also claimed that the battery in use in the phone was not genuine and urged people to use only genuine batteries.
Casserly, however, wants Samsung to pay for her damaged mattress and bedding which cost her just over Canadian $1,000.
PAGE_BREAK

Sensex@close: SBI gains over 3%; sugar  banking stocks top gainersSensex snaps losing streak; broader markets outperform
By PTI | 10 Dec, 2014, 06.02PM IST
Markets end marginally higher; SBI, ONGC gains
Markets end marginally higher; SBI, ONGC gains
The 30-share index ended at 27,831.10, up 34.09 points or 0.12%. It touched a high of 27,905.25 and a low of 27,710.03 in early trade.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Rebounding from over one-month lows, benchmark Sensex today closed 34 points higher to end at 27,831.10, snapping its three-day losing trend, on gains in SBI and ONGC shares, amid a firm European trend.
The wide-based 50-issue NSE Nifty also recovered by 14.95 points, or 0.18 per cent, to close at 8,355.65.
While session was markedly choppy in the absence of strong local cues, buying in key counters supported Sensex and Nifty. Two-tier stocks attracted buying from retail investors, helping their indices outperform broader benchmarks.
Rise in SBI, ONGC, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy's Lab, Cipla, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Power helped markets end in the positive terrain. However, fall in L&T, RIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Gail India capped the rise.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed lower in line with mixed cues from Asian peers and moved erratically in a range of 27,905.25 and 27,710.03 before concluding at 27,831.10, showing a rise of 34.09 points or 0.12 per cent. In previous three sessions, it had tumbled 765.81 points or 2.68 per cent.
"PSU banking counters remained upbeat throughout the session...," Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares in jewellery makers surged on hopes government will announce changes to gold-import rules for trading houses.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 221.52 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Asian markets ended mixed, tracking an uninspiring finish on Wall Street overnight triggered by global growth concerns. Fresh political uncertainty in Greece, a rout in oil prices and a selloff in Chinese shares in the previous session continued to cast their shadow.
"Outcome of the Greece crisis and the way they come to an agreement over the credit line instead of the bailout, would drive the market direction in the short term," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Key indices from China, Hong Kong and Singapore closed with gains while those from Japan, South Korea and Taiwan finished with losses. Indices in Germany, the UK and France were up by 0.29 per cent to 0.79 per cent.
US stocks ended mixed yesterday with the Nasdaq Composite rallying after stiff losses, as investor concern about the global economy ebbed.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking said, "Concerns over global growth, political uncertainty in Greece and India's CAD issue forced local indices to trade weak for the past three days in a row. However, local equities today gained with the help of some bluechips."
In the domestic market, 13 scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended higher while 17 others declined.
Major Sensex gainers were SBI (3.06 per cent), ONGC (2.44 per cent), Tata Power (1.87 per cent), Tata Motors (1.53 per cent), Cipla (1.48 per cent), Dr Reddy's Lab (1.37 per cent) and Hero Motocorp (1.13 per cent).
However, BHEL fell by 2.30 per cent followed by Gail 2.01 per cent, HUL 1.79 per cent, Bajaj Auto 1.45 per cent and Larsen & Toubro 1.01 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Consumer Durable index rose by 2.43 per cent, followed by Bankex 1.01 per cent and Power 0.74 per cent while Capital Goods fell by 0.99 per cent.
Small-cap and Mid-cap indices also rose by 1.06 per cent and 0.93 per cent respectively on fresh buying from retail investors.
Overall market breadth turned positive as 1,665 stocks finished higher, 1,268 stocks ended lower while 106 ruled steady. Total turnover moved up slightly to Rs 3,040.59 crore from Rs 3,049.29 crore yesterday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

China stocks rebound; end 3% higher | 10 stock bets for Dec; can return upto 30%You are here: Home > Collections > Shanghai
China stimulus hopes lift Hong Kong, Shanghai stocks
AFP Dec 10, 2014, 05.20PM IST
Tags:
Hang Seng Bank
(The Hang Seng Index added…)
HONG KONG: Hong Kong stocks edged up Wednesday after a two-day sell-off, while Shanghai rebounded strongly from the previous day's slump as more weak Chinese inflation data fuelled hopes for further easing measures.
The Hang Seng Index added 0.16 percent, or 38.69 points, to 23,524.52 on turnover of HK$109.93 billion ($14.18 billion).
In Shanghai the composite index, which slumped 5.43 percent Tuesday, surged 2.93 percent.
China's National Bureau of Statistics said inflation eased to a five-year low of 1.4 percent in November, down from 1.6 percent in October and below forecasts of 1.6 percent.
The figure is the latest showing the world's number two economy is under pressure and has fuelled hopes Beijing will introduce further measures to prop it up.
While the People's Bank of China unveiled a surprise interest rate cut last month, the growing list of weak readings has fed speculation that leaders will soon announce a cut in the amount of cash banks must keep in reserve and other stimulus measures.
Wednesday's gains came despite a largely negative lead from Wall Street where investors were spooked by Greece's decision to call a snap presidential election two months early, raising fears of fresh instability in the struggling economy.
The Dow fell 0.29 percent and the S&P 500 dipped 0.02 percent, but the Nasdaq added 0.54 percent.
The best performing stock on the Hang Seng on Wednesday was China General Nuclear Power, which surged 19.06 percent to HK$3.31 on its debut after raising more than US$3 billion in its initial public offering last week -- making it the city's biggest this year.
Among other shares, Power Assets Holdings climbed 1.36 percent to HK$74.50, energy giant CNOOC added 1.59 percent to HK$10.22 and Tsingtao Brewery was 0.18 percent higher at HK$55.10.
Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing jumped 0.96 percent to HK$178.60 and Hang Seng Bank was 0.08 percent up at HK$127.00, but Cathay Pacific Airways fell 1.71 percent to HK$17.24.
In mainland China the Shanghai market added 83.74 points to 2,940.01 on turnover of 535.0 billion yuan ($86.7 billion).
The Shenzhen Composite Index, which tracks stocks on China's second exchange, added 3.50 percent, or 49.14 points, to 1,452.53 on turnover of 304.6 billion yuan.
Hopes for fresh help for the economy has fuelled a rally of about 20 percent in the Shanghai market since the middle of last month but Tuesday saw a huge sell-off as profit-taking set in.
"The weak inflation data sparkled hopes for more economic policy easing," Central China Securities strategist Zhang Gang told AFP.
"Investors are also betting on the reform and policy stimulation from the recent economic session would help boost market performance."
Environmental protection companies rose on hopes more supportive measures would speed up industry development.
In Shanghai, Tianjin Capital Environmental Protection Group surged by its 10 percent upper limit to 9.89 yuan while Zhejiang Feida Environmental Science & Technology Co also jumped 10 percent to 14.95 yuan.
Banks rebounded after Tuesday's plunge. Shanghai-listed bank giant Industrial and Commercial Bank of China gained 2.38 percent to 4.30 yuan while Shenzhen-listed Ping An Bank added 3.50 percent to 14.19 yuan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K: Mini bus falls into gorge in Katra; 5 dead  14 injuredmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

ELS Educational Services opens centre in HyderabadELS Educational Services opens centre in Hyderabad
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 10:  
Student-counselling and overseas admission services provider, ELS International Education Pathways Pvt Ltd (ELS India), has opened its centre here.
Addressing newspersons at a press conference here on Wednesday, Mark W Harris, President & Chief Executive Officer of ELS Educational Services Inc, said Hyderabad was a major city in the country from which students seek to take courses overseas.
With this new centre, ELS now has four centres in the country and has plans to expand its presence to some locations in north and west India, he added.
Mallik Sundharam, Director, ELS Educational Services – India, said out of all Indian cities the number of students going to overseas for education abroad was highest in Hyderabad. There are over one lakh Indian students studying difference courses in the US now.
ELS would provide direct entry pathways to over 750 institutions with English and study skills training provided by ELS Language Centres in 10 countries and on more than 58 university campuses.
To support the Indian students with English proficiency, these centres have a globally recognised ELS English Certification, he added.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

10 companies about to write big checks10 companies about to write big checks
By: Matt Krantz December 10, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
AP
Dividend investors love the end of the year. You can too.
Now’s the time of the year when you can still buy into some of the stocks with the highest yields around — and get paid for it. There are ten stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including telecoms Windstream Holdings (WIN) and Crown Castle (CCI) and tobacco firm Reynolds American (RAI) that will pay you their bigger-than-the market dividends if you buy by the end of the year, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Each of these stocks pay an annual dividend yield of 3% or much higher. That’s well above the 1.98% annual yield of the S&P 500. And best of all, if you buy before the ex-dividend date between now and the end of the month, you won’t have to wait long for the first payment.
There’s still room on the dividend bus with one of the biggest payers around, Windstream Holdings. The provider of tech and telecom services mostly in rural areas has one of the biggest annual dividend yields going: 10.5%. And you can grab a piece a quarterly piece of that dividend when the company pays it out on Jan. 15, 2015 by simply being a shareholder of record by Dec. 31. That means you’ll want to buy the stock by the ex-dividend date of Dec. 29.
It goes without saying, of course, that chasing dividends can be tricky business. Office-supplier retailer Staples (SPLS) is one of the companies on the verge of paying the quarterly installment of its 3.35% annual dividend. You just need to buy the stock before the ex-dividend date of Dec. 23. But beware – many analysts are nervous about this stock and several others because it’s already trading for more than the 18-month price target and has an average rating of “hold.”
Also, remember that buying by the ex-dividend date entitles you to the next quarterly dividend. If you want to get the entire annual yield, you’ll need to hang in longer.
S&P 500 STOCKS WITH DIVIDEND YIELDS OF 3% OR HIGHER THAT GO ‘EX-DIVIDEND’ BETWEEN NOW AND THE END OF THE YEAR
Company

Despite Black Friday s fall  Black November sales grewNovember sales grew despite Black Friday's decline
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
National Retail Federation
The weak Black Friday weekend didn't seem to dampen November retail sales, estimates show.
Despite a wimpy Black Friday, early estimates show retail sales posted solid growth in November as a whole, suggesting that earlier and more frequent discounts are stealing the thunder of the traditional shopping weekend, but giving the industry optimistic signs for the season.
November retail sales were up an estimated 5.4 percent over last year, according to ShopperTrak, a Chicago-based company that monitors shopping patterns in stores. The company based its estimate on sales and transaction data from a subset of its retail clients.
  Open link
Research firm Retail Metrics reported similarly upbeat comparable store sales growth averaging 4.4 percent in November, fueled by 8 percent growth at L Brands (parent company of Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works, among others) and 9 percent at Costco. Gap Inc. on Monday reported 6 percent same-store sales growth for November thanks to an 18 percent jump at Old Navy while Gap stores were down 4 percent.
Visits to bricks-and-mortar stores — which still account for more than 90 percent of retail sales — continued to decline, but it was "the smallest decline in recent years," ShopperTrak said in a statement. While the number of individuals shopping in stores hasn't dropped notably, shoppers visit fewer stores per trip, likely researching online and heading out with a mission in mind, the company said.
"The early push in the season has helped to offset a slightly underperforming Thanksgiving weekend," ShopperTrak said in a statement. "We saw seven days in the month of November with higher shopper visits than the previous year, which shows that the trend toward fewer visits per shopping trip is stabilizing."
0
The Commerce Department is scheduled to release its November retail sales estimates Thursday.
Retail industry watchers were surprised last week when the National Retail Federation announced that sales during the Black Friday weekend slid an estimated 11 percent from 2013, based on a survey of more than 4,600 shoppers.
Still, the trade group stuck by its prediction that overall retail sales during the holiday season will grow 4.1 percent to $616.9 billion, important to an industry that makes one-fifth of its annual revenue in November and December.
Retail sales are watched as a measure of consumer spending, which accounts for two-thirds of the country's gross domestic product.
Some data-crunchers, questioning the accuracy of surveying shoppers about their spending, say the Black Friday gloom was overblown. Applied Predictive Technologies, a software company that bases its estimates on sales register transactions, said sales were down 5.8 percent during the Thanksgiving weekend, about half the NRF's estimate.
ShopperTrak, which projects a 3.8 percent sales increase for the season, reported a more modest sales drop of 2.1 percent during the Thanksgiving weekend amid shifting customer habits. Sales on Black Friday itself, traditionally the busiest shopping day of the season with the steepest deals, fell 6.8 percent, while shopping on Thanksgiving Day, grew 24 percent as stores open earlier on that day.
Martin said Sunday was the "real culprit" for the sluggish weekend spending, with the day's sales down 6 percent, reasoning that four days of aggressive deals was "just too much for consumers to endure."
ShopperTrak, which says the majority of holiday shopping is still to come, expects the Saturday before Christmas to surpass Black Friday as the busiest shopping day of the season.
Meanwhile, online sales during the five-day shopping period between Thanksgiving Day and Cyber Monday climbed 12.6 percent over the same period last year, according to IBM Digital Analytics. Sales growth on Cyber Monday, billed as the day with the most and biggest online discounts, slowed to 8.6 percent, as online deals also were spread out over several days.
Online sales accounted for 6.6 percent of all retail sales in the third quarter of 2014, according to Census Bureau data released last month.

Defiant Uber cabs still plying  Delhi govt blames Traffic Police says enforce banRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Failing to enforce a ban on Uber cab service three days after announcing it, an embarassed Delhi Government today put the onus on Traffic Police to execute the order and ensure the US-based company ceases to operate in the city.
The Delhi government Monday had announced banning Uber with immediate effect following outrage over rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by one of the cabbies of the company.
But despite the ban, Uber refused to cease operation and was continuing with its app-based taxi booking service.
The Transport Department said a it had communicated to Traffic Police to enforce the ban “effectively” and that it does not have resources to stop the company’s operation.
“We have asked the Delhi Traffic police to immediately implement the ban on web-based cab services, including Uber, in the national capital,” a top Transport Department official said.
The government had also banned all web-based cab booking services which had not taken any regulatory approval from the transport authorities.
“We have written a letter to traffic police to enforce the ban. It is the concerned authority to restrict the services of the web-based operators,” the official said.
On the other hand, traffic police said it was the responsibility of the transport department to implement the ban.
“We have not got any letter from transport department. Traffic police is unable to implement such order,” said a senior police official.
On December 8, Delhi government had banned web-based cab services, which are not recognised, in the national capital and clarified that only Easy Cab, Mega Cab, Meru Cab, Chanson Cab, Yo Cab and Air Cab are licensed with Transport Department for operation ‘Radio Taxi’ in the NCT of Delhi.
Delhi Police on Monday had filed an FIR against Uber and charged it of cheating its customers and defying government orders. Uber’s executives have also been questioned by police.
 
Wife of Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav who is accused of rape by a Delhi woman MNC executive,at Chandra Puri Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Wednesday. (Express photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
Wife of Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav who is accused of rape by a Delhi woman MNC executive,at Chandra Puri Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Wednesday. (Express photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
Wife of Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav who is accused of rape by a Delhi woman MNC executive,at Chandra Puri Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Wednesday. (Express photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
Neighbours of Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav who is accused of rape by a Delhi woman MNC executive, at Chandra puri Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Wednesday. (Express photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
 

Watch: Mint Make in India DiscussionDec 10, 2014, 05.22 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch: Mint Make in India Discussion
Watch experts discuss on Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign at the Mint Make in India Discussion.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Watch: Mint Make in India Discussion
Watch experts discuss on Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign at the Mint Make in India Discussion.
Post your opinion here

Mumbai  Delhi  Bangalore to be hot investment spots in 2015Dec 10, 2014, 06.50 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore to be hot investment spots in 2015
According to a report by PwC, titled 'Emerging Trends in Real Estate Asia Pacific 2015', the rankings for the three major metros, among the 22 cities surveyed across the region, have improved significantly as compared to last two years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore to be hot investment spots in 2015
According to a report by PwC, titled 'Emerging Trends in Real Estate Asia Pacific 2015', the rankings for the three major metros, among the 22 cities surveyed across the region, have improved significantly as compared to last two years.
Post your opinion here
 
A stable government at the Centre and its plans to set up smart cities has revived investors' interest in the country with Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore set to emerge as hot investment destinations in 2015.
According to a report by PwC, titled 'Emerging Trends in Real Estate Asia Pacific 2015', the rankings for the three major metros, among the 22 cities surveyed across the region, have improved significantly as compared to last two years.
While Mumbai climbed to 11th position, Delhi's ranking improved to 14th and Bangalore to 17th, indicating a significant improvement in investor sentiment in the country, PwC India Partner Gautam Mehra told reporters.
In 2013 and 2014, Mumbai stood at 20th and 23rd position, respectively. While Delhi ranked 21st in both the years, Bangalore stood at 19th and 20th position in 2013 and 2014, respectively.
"There is certainly a positive vibe complemented by the expectation of an improved economy and a more transparent environment, keeping interest levels up among investors," he said.
The positive sentiment can be gauged by the fact that global real estate funds focused on India are seeking to raise USD 6 billion in new capital, on top of USD 1.6 billion raised in the first seven months of 2014 and most of this is aimed at residential projects, he added.
In addition, there has been a significant rise in interest from large sovereign and foreign institutional players over the course of 2014.
"There is excess liquidity across various jurisdictions in the market, which is looking at opportunities for investment and India is emerging as a promising destination.
"Additionally, the expected developments around creation of smart cities focused on large scale manufacturing, and the roll-out of REITs, if implemented well, are expected to further add to the momentum," Mehra said.
RELATED NEWS

Palestinian minister dies during protestPalestinian minister dies after clash with Israeli solders
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c50ab1a6-806c-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CM Fadnavis should seek Rs 10 000 crore package for Maharashtra drought: AjitPawarWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Nagpur |
Posted: December 10, 2014 8:07 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:08 pm
Maharashtra former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Wednesday urged Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis to seek a Rs 10,000 crore financial package from Prime Minister Narendra Modi government to tackle the severe agrarian crisis in the state.
Highly placed sources in the government revealed to Indian Express, “Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis is working out a financial package. The Centre’s Rs 8,500 crore package coupled with state’s Rs 4,500 crore would make up for a substantial package. It would include relief and drought mitigation plans in phases.”
The state government has urged various departments to rework its ongoing projects to enable them to avail the funds for drought situation. The water resources, water conservation along with agriculture would together have an integrated policy and funds to deal with the drought.
The agrarian crisis rocked the both houses of state assembly and council with opposition warning that the end of winter would multiply the crisis manifold for which preparations should be taken on war footing.
Pawar who took the centre stage in the ongoing winter session at Nagpur lead the Congress-NCP heavyweights in making a scathing attack against the month old government over farmer suicides in the state. While demanding loan waiver for farmers in both crop and electricity bills, he also asked the government to provide financial assistance to the widows of farmers.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, who was present in the state legislative assembly, patiently heard the criticism being hurdled at the government, often noting down the suggestions.
In a veiled warning to the Fadnavis government, Pawar said, “It is unfortunate that ever since you have taken the reins there have been 400 farmers suicides in state. The prices of soya beans, cotton and milk have crashed compounding the financial crisis for the farmers.”
If the government fails to address the massive unrest amongst farmers, they would turn against your government, he warned. Adding, “We will also ensure none of the ministers in your government are allowed to tour in Maharashtra.”
Referring to the excellent personal rapport between Modi and Fadnavis, he said, “Why has the government not completed the procedure to declare drought in state. And what stops the Centre from extending a generous package of Rs 10,000 crore?”
The prices of raw oil import which was Rs 110 per barrel has come down to Rs 65. And Centre has saved Rs 2.5 lakh crore. They can easily allocate Rs 10,000 crore. Pawar pointed how Maharashtra was found lacking in the initiative to seek central assistance as compared to other states like Haryana on farmers problems. What was appalling is even the basic government resolution which should have been issued to set the pace for administration to begin the relief to the farmers has
not been done, he lamented.
Setting aside their political differences Congress and NCP ministers made drought a common cause. Whether it was former ministers Patangrao Kadam, Balasaheb Thorat, Jaidutt Kshirsagar, Chhagan Bhujbal et al emphasised on the serious agrarian crisis.
While Thorat wondered if these were the “Achee din” (good days), Bhujbal said, ” financial constrains cannot come in the way of declaring the package.”
The members from the ruling BJP and Shiv Sena who also participated in the day long debate echoed the same sentiments over rising incidents of farmers suicides. The senior BJP (MLA) Chainsukh Sancheti said, “The continued…

BJP has no respect for secularism  democracy:SoniaPosted: December 10, 2014 8:01 pm
 
Congress president Sonia Gandhi on December 10 attacked the Narendra Modi government for not taking any action against its minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her objectionable comments and alleged that it has no respect for democracy and was working to divide people on communal lines.
“No action was taken against the Sadhvi for using objectionable language,” Gandhi said while addressing a poll rally here.
“They (BJP) want people to fight on the name of religion. BJP has no respect for secularism and democracy. Their sadhus and sadhvis are dividing the society by using objectionable language against a particular community,” she alleged.
Gandhi said that her party was committed for the “one time resettlement” of the refugees and the party was also working to give plots of land to border residents.
“We are committed to provide an honourable living condition to the Kashmiri Pandits and other migrants. We will work for the weaker section of the society, Dalits, minorities and women. Will work for their empowerment,” she said.
She accused the Centre of increasing corruption in the country by diluting the Right to Information Act.
“To fight corruption, Congress gave common men a tool in the form of Right to Information Act. The act was meant to check and stop corruption, however, since coming to power the BJP government is weakening the act to benefit the corrupt and increase the corruption in the country.”
Gandhi alleged that the BJP was “trapping” the voters by making promises that they will never fulfil after coming to power in the state.
“They make big promises which they don’t fulfil. Before elections they show green pastures to the people but when they come to power they forget all those promises,” Gandhi said.
The Congress leader said that ‘ache din'(good days) promised by the BJP before coming to the power were still awaited by the people of the country.
“They always take a U-turn on their promises, they had promised to bring back the black money in 100 days and deposit Rs 15 lakh each in the account of every citizen, but now after coming to power they are not even disclosing the names of the people who hold black money,” she said.
Terming the Modi-led government of being “anti poor” she said, “During the UPA government we had made sure that the life saving drugs and other drugs meant for patients with critical illnesses are sold at a cheaper price.
“But to benefit the big business holders this government has increased the prices of those medicines.”
She said that while the BJP-led government on the one hand has reduced the Minimum Selling Price (MSP) for the farmers on the other it has increased the cost of seeds and fertilizers.
Expressing solidarity with the victims of cross-border firing, Gandhi said that her continued…

GOSF: Acer C720 Chromebook at Rs 15 999 onSnapdealBy: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 10, 2014 7:52 pm
Acer has announced the availability of its 11-inch C720 Chromebook on Snapdeal.com at Rs 15,999. As part of the Great Online Shopping Festival promotion, the Acer Chromebook will be available to its customers with free 1TB Google Drive space for 2 years worth up to Rs 14,800, a buyback offer and a free Skullcandy head phone worth Rs 2,999.
The C720 runs on Intel Celeron 2957U processor based on the Haswell micro-architecture with 2GB RAM and claims to provide up to 8.5 hours of battery life. It comes with built-in virus protection software. Acer C720 is aimed at budget-conscious users and those who have heavily invested in Google’s ecosystem.
Running on Chrome OS, the C720 features a 11.6-inch HD 1366 x 768 pixels LED display with a 720p HD webcam.
Specs:
11.6-inch HD 1366 x 768 pixels LED display
64-bit Chrome OS
1.4 GHz Intel Celeron 2957U processor
2GB of RAM expandable up to 8GB
16GB SSD drive storage

JSPL starts country s largest billet caster ...You are here: Home > Collections > Odisha
Jindal Steel and Power starts country's largest billet caster plant in Odisha
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 08.08PM IST
Tags:
Electric Arc Furnace
(Jindal Steel and Power Ltd…)
NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL) today commissioned the country's largest billet caster plant at Angul in Odisha.
The billet caster plant, which would cast molten steel into semis of various sizes and shapes, would help the company to produce various long products used in construction sector.
"We have commissioned India's largest capacity billet caster plant in Angul within a record time of one year; setting yet another benchmark in the country," JSPL's Managing Director and Group CEO Ravi Uppal said in a statement.
JSPL has a 2.5 mtpa steel making capacity at Angul and the company plans to raise it to six mtpa.
Commissioning of the billet caster plant, as part of its expansion plan, would enable JSPL to produce long products in addition to flat products already produced at the Angul plant.
The billet caster unit has a maximum capacity of 2.3 mtpa and a casting speed of 3.6 mtr/minute, the fastest in the world, JSPL said.
The plant also has the biggest Electric Arc Furnace and the widest plate mill in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The comprehensive Nov auto sales report: Who won  who lostDec 11, 2014, 12.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The comprehensive Nov auto sales report: Who won, who lost
Corroborating signs of a general economic pick-up, domestic passenger vehicle sales rose 5.42 percent in November to rise to 2.12 lakh, compared to 2.01 lakh in same month last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The comprehensive Nov auto sales report: Who won, who lost
Corroborating signs of a general economic pick-up, domestic passenger vehicle sales rose 5.42 percent in November to rise to 2.12 lakh, compared to 2.01 lakh in same month last year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Corroborating signs of a general economic pick-up, domestic passenger vehicle sales rose 5.42 percent in November to rise to 2.12 lakh, compared to 2.01 lakh in same month last year.
Sales were also helped by a fall in domestic fuel prices as well as an excise duty hike that was extended by finance minister Arun Jaitley earlier this year
Company-wise sales
Nov 2014 sales: top six cos | Create infographics
Above is the 12-month sales chart for companies that sold over 10,000 units in November.
Industry leader Maruti Suzuki added to its market share and second-placed Hyundai slipped a bit. While Honda and Mahindra again swapped the third and fourth places -- with the Japanese company coming out ahead.
At the bottom end, European and American companies, including Chevrolet, Ford, Skoda, Fiat, Renault and Volkswagen continue to struggle, with none crossing market share of even 3 percent.
Biggest year-on-year gainers (in % Terms) | Create infographics
The biggest gainer was Honda, whose sales climbed to 15,261 units, compared to 9,332 units in November last year. The company was helped by the success of its City, Mobilio and Amaze models. Toyota, Maruti and Tata too posted double digit gains.
While Renault, Mahindra, Fiat, Skoda, Ford and Chevrolet saw sales drop between 21 percent and 35 percent. While Nissan sold only 1,322 units in November compared to 4,163 last year.
Market share
Sector leader Maruti upped its market share from 44.81 percent in the last month to 47.92 percent, Hyundai slipped from 17.55 to 17.01 percent while Honda (7.31 percent) overtook Mahindra (6.35 percent).
Body-wise sales breakup
Every one in two passenger vehicle sold in the country was a hatchback. Sedans accounted for slightly less than a quarter while utility vehicles (MUVS, vans and SUVs) accounted from the remaining quarter.
Model-wise sales
(Note: For the purpose of this analysis, segments selling less than 5,000 units and models selling less than 500 units have not been included.)
City hatch sales | Create infographics
In the city hatch segment, the Maruti Alto continues to rule the roost, selling 24,201 units while the Hyundai Eon, while not being a serious challenger to Alto’s fortunes, has settled into a nice rhythm itself.
After a decent start, the Datsun Go appears to be going nowhere while the Nano, despite the new Twist variant and much of Tata’s efforts, fails to set the charts on fire.
Compact hatch sales | Create infographics
In the compact hatch segment, the Wagon R continues to remain the clear leader even as the Grand i10 continues to do well. The semi-automatic Celerio too notches up respectable numbers.
The i10 too refuses to give up despite the arrival of a more glamorous sibling in the segment while a tip of the hat to the workhorse Santro, which needed a phase-out to finally see its sales drop.
Premium hatch sales | Create infographics
In the premium segment, the Swift continues to rule the roost but the arrival of the headturner Elite i20 may see the first real challenger to the Swift’s crown (sales of the i20 prior to July are those of the older variant).
Sales of Ritz, Polo and Liva are about holding up while Figo seems to be losing its way. The Micra and Pulse cousins dropped off the radar, each selling less than 500 units.
Compact sedan sales | Create infographics
The arrival of three worthy challengers, each with its own USP, appears to be finally making a dent in the fortunes of the Dzire, which used to single handedly rule the sub-four meter compact sedan segment.
The Amaze (backed by Honda’s brand appeal), Xcent (with class-leading features) and Zest (with Tata’s much-hyped new-generation Revotron engine) each sold between 3,000 and 4,000 units.
Midsize sedan sales | Create infographics
The arrival of the new-generation City and the Ciaz has led sales of this segment doubling year-on-year. While the two cars have both become chartbusters, the Etios, Manza and Verna too sold respectable numbers for this segment.
The other high-profile models, Rapid and Vento disappoint with less than 1,000 cars sold while sales of the Fiesta, Sunny, Linea and Scala were less than even 500.

Insurance FDI hike a win-win: Bimal Jalan06:00 pm
The much-awaited report of the Parliamentary Select Committee is believed to have endorsed most provisions of the Insurance Amendment Bill, including a composite cap of 49 percent for FDI and other foreign investments.
Bimal Jalan, Former Governor of the Reserve Bank feels it is good for the insurance sector and for the people who buy insurance. There are no two ways, as it simplifies the whole thing. If u look at the system abroad, it is that kind of a system. Money is money.
Meanwhile, companies to be beneficiaries if the FDI hike comes through include – Max Life Insurance, Reliance Life, Reliance General Insurance and Bajaj Finserv .
For more details, watch the video
RELATED NEWS

Women s rights body calls for regulating app-based cab service20
0
New Delhi: A women's rights body has called for regulating operations of mobile application-based taxi services in the country in the wake of alleged rape of a 27-year-old finance executive by a Uber cab driver.
"This incident not only reminds us of the harrowing Nirbhaya case but also tells us clearly that women's safety is an issue that gets compromised time and again, fails to get addressed in a decisive manner it needs to be and is still far from being a priority for any government in power," said Indira Jaising, Executive Director of Lawyers' Collective Women's Rights Initiative.
"We are disappointed to see the attitude of government and internal disagreements on how to deal with foreign corporations like Uber, who are not only flouting norms but take refuge in the fine print that the drivers conduct and in this criminal offence is not the responsibility of the company," said Jaising, also a senior advocate in the Supreme Court of India.
Highlighting that feminism should be for everyone, Bevan said, "It is the radical notion that women are people. I am proud to call myself a Feminist."
#uber #taxi #delhi rape #indira jaising
She was speaking at the launch of two legal resource books in Hindi titled, "Locating the survivor in the Indian Criminal Justice System: Decoding the Law" and "A Guide for Survivors of Sexual Violence".
During the launch, British High Commissioner to India James Bevan said, "No one would seriously contest that women and girls face huge problems in India. But nor can one contest that there has been significant progress in this country over the last two years in tackling those problems."
He lauded the role of individuals in the Indian legal system fighting for women's rights, bureaucrats, non-governmental organisations, among others.
Highlighting that feminism should be for everyone, Bevan said, "It is the radical notion that women are people. I am proud to call myself a Feminist. There is a magic bullet for development which is educating women," he said, adding, educated girls become empowered women and they make their own future.
The two books, which navigate through the criminal justice system and locate the survivor in the Indian criminal justice system, have been published by the Lawyers' Collective and co-published by the British High Commission.
4

India and Pakistan at one stage as Kailash Satyarthi  Malala Yousafzai receive Nobel Peace Prize in OsloDec 10, 2014 at  07:38pm IST
India and Pakistan at one stage as Kailash Satyarthi, Malala Yousafzai receive Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo
12
0
Oslo: India's Kailash Satyarthi received the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 on Wednesday, sharing it with Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai, the youngest ever Nobel laureate, for their work on promoting child rights in the troubled sub-continent, where millions are deprived of their childhood and education.
"Satyarthi and Yousafzai are precisely the people whom Alfred Nobel in his will calls 'champions of peace'," Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee Thorbjorn Jagland said in his speech before awarding them the prize.
"A young girl and a somewhat older man, one from Pakistan and one from India, one Muslim, the other Hindu; both symbols of what the world needs: more unity. Fraternity between the nations!," he added.
Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai received the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo on Wednesday evening.
#malala yousafzai #kailash satyarthi #nobel peace prize #child labour
Satyarthi, 60, who gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run an NGO for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking, and 17-year-old Malala, who survived a near-fatal Taliban attack two years ago with determination advocating education for girls, were named by the Nobel Peace Prize Committee for the prestigious award on October 10.
They received the Nobel medal which is 18 carat green gold plated with 24 carat gold and weighs around 175 grams. They will share USD 1.1 million prize money.
Noting that violence and repression cannot be justified in any religion, Jagland said Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism and Buddhism protect life and cannot be used to take lives.
"The two whom we honour here today stand very firm on this point. They live according to a principle Mahatma Gandhi gave expression to. He said: 'There are many purposes I would have died for. There are no purposes I would have killed for'," Jagland said, invoking Mahatma Gandhi.
Satyarthi's NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Save Childhood Movement) prides itself on liberating over 80,000 children from bonded labour in factories and workshops across India.
According to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) there are about 168 million child labourers globally. There are roughly 60 million child labourers in India alone.
Malala, who was nominated in the peace prize category last year also, had displayed tremendous courage even after the Taliban attack when she resolutely expressed her determination to carry on with her campaign for child rights and girls education especially in a country like Pakistan.
Speaking after receiving the award, Satyarthi asked audience to feel the child inside them and said the crime against children has no place in a civilised society.
"Children are questioning our inaction and watching our action," he said, adding that all religion teach to take care of children.
Noting that the number of child labour has been reduced by a third, Satyarthi said, "My dream is to make every child free to develop...There is no greater violence than to deny the dreams of children."
Recounting his experience with the unprivileged people, he said, "I am representing the sound of silence of millions of children who are left behind."
"The credit to this honour goes to people who worked and sacrificed for freeing children," he said.
Famed Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Indian musician Amjad Ali Khan performed at the award ceremony. Pakistan's former prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani was among those present on the occasion.
114

FAA lets 2 Illinois companies use drones commercially4
Clayco on Wednesday said it uses drones to assist with its “building information modeling” process. The drones are used to do topographic surveys, environmental site assessments, conduct job site safety assessments and to help design teams collect data.
Clayco previously told the Tribune it planned to use a drone to take aerial photos for construction projects, including the construction of a new North American headquarters for Swiss insurance company Zurich in Schaumburg.
“In short, it is a competitive advantage, which is hard to come by in our business,” said Chief Executive Officer Bob Clark in a statement.
Dayton, Ohio-based Woolpert, which has offices in Oakbrook Terrace, will use its single drone in Ohio and Ship Island, Miss, the company said Wednesday. The company, which specializes in high-tech mapping and imagery collection services, said they plan on acquiring more drones for use across the country. The drones will be used to track and monitor environmental issues such as water quality, deforestation and erosion. Woolpert also plans to use drones to collect imagery, analyze and measure the progress at construction sites.
The drones will “create completely new and world-changing applications we haven’t thought of yet,” said Senior Vice President Jeff Lovin in a statement.
The FAA granted exemptions in September and October allowing seven television and film companies to use drones for aerial photography and filming.
The latest FAA approvals broaden the uses of commercial drones, and come as the agency prepares to release a draft rule on drones by the end of December.
The FAA has been under mounting pressure from companies seeking to use drones to survey crops, inspect remote power lines, pipelines and flare stacks, conduct search-and-rescue operations and deliver packages, among other uses.
The U.S. drone industry is expected to generate $13.6 billion in economic activity and create 70,000 jobs in the three years after restrictions on commercial use are lifted, according to a study by the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International.
To date, the FAA has received 167 requests for exemptions from commercial operators. The agency currently bans most commercial drone flights, but is required by Congress to integrate drones into the U.S. airspace by Sept. 30.
The companies said in their petitions to the FAA that they will operate drones weighing less than 55 pounds and keep them within sight at all times.
- Reuters and Tribune reporter Corilyn Shropshire

Two BJP MLAs in controversy over mobile phone use inAssemblyBy: Press Trust of India | Belagavi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 8:39 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 9:02 pm
In an embarrassment to Opposition BJP, a party MLA was caught on camera purportedly watching a zoomed in photo of Priyanka Gandhi on his mobile phone and other playing video games during proceedings of the Legislative Assembly here.
During video clippings telecast on local TV channels, MLA Prabhu Chavan was also shown watching photos of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Bollywood actor Riteish Deshmukh and former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi along with Sonia Gandhi.
The Aurad legislator however courted controversy as he purportedly watched the zoomed in photo of Priyanka Gandhi.
Asked about his conduct, Chavan maintained he was flipping through pictures on mobile, including that of Modi.
When he came across a Priyanka Gandhi’s picture, he zoomed into it to read the slogan below. There was nothing objectionable in his zooming in the picture, he said.
“No no there was a slogan below, I was watching it, I can show you. I was watching slogan below (the photo).”
“By mistake I took it (phone) inside. I agree it is my mistake, but I have seen nothing with bad intention. I was checking photos of national leaders, I checked Narendra Modi photo…. I also checked my son’s photos….,” Chavan said.
“….nothing of that sort, taking it (mobile) inside is a mistake and I agree it was my mistake…,” he added.
Another BJP MLA U B Banakar was caught on camera playing online games on mobile phone oblivious of the discussion about the plight of sugarcane growers to whom sugar mill owners owe huge arrears.
The footage of both the MLAs seated separately was captured by a TV cameraman from the elevated media gallery and beamed by Kannada TV channels.
The incident involved the then Minister for Cooperation Laxman Savadi and Minister for Women and Child Development C C Patil with whom he shared it.
The legislature is holding the 10-day winter session here.

Cong compromised with core issues to remain in power  saysBJPBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu |
Posted: December 10, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:33 pm
BJP on December 10 said Congress is equally responsible as National Conference for “lack” of development in Jammu and Kashmir during their 6-year rule and it should apologise to the people of the state for being part of such a government.
“Congress was part of the government and supported NC for six years and is therefore equally responsible for the lack of development in the state,” BJP state spokesman said here.
He was reacting to a statement of former Chief Minister and senior Congress leader Gulam Nabi Azad that Omar Abdullah is responsible for not carrying forward the development agenda started by Congress-led coalition government in 2005 in Jammu and Kashmir.
“Congress should apologise to the people of the state for being a part of the government in which the development agenda was not carried forward,” Gupta said.
Gupta also questioned Azad raising the issue of development during elections and not while his party was part of the government.
“Why he did not point out lack of development when his party was part of the government. If Omar Abdullah was not carrying forward the development agenda of the state, Congress members should have resigned and withdrawn the support to the government,” he said.
Gupta alleged that Congress has always “compromised” with its core issues to remain in power.
“Congress always compromised with their core issues to remain in power and likes to sit in the lap of either NC or PDP to be part of the government,” he said.
Gupta said Congress shared power with PDP and NC for the past 12 years and did nothing for the welfare of the people and now they are blaming Omar Abdullah for slow development.
“But the matter of fact is that NC or PDP wouldn’t have done anything without the help and support of Congress. Congress is equally culpable for the miseries of the vast majority of the people,” he said.
While on a campaign trail in border belt of Rajouri district, Azad today said, “Young and incumbent Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has failed to carry forward the developmental agenda started by Congress-led coalition government in 2005.”

Toshiba launches Windows 8.1 WT-8 tablet at Rs15 490By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 8:25 pm | Updated: December 11, 2014 9:00 am
Toshiba has launched its Windows 8.1-based tablet called WT-8 at a price of Rs 15,490 exclusively on Amazon.in. The Toshiba WT-8 runs on Intel Atom Processor Z3735G with 1GB DDR3L RAM and 32GB internal storage expandable up to 128GB.
The Toshiba WT-8 features an 8-inch HD 1280×800 pixels 10-point multi-touch display and Dolby Digital Plus. It mounts a 5MP AF rear camera and a 1.2MP front camera and is powered by a 3788mAh battery.
The tablet comes preloaded with apps like Xbox Music and Video, Kindle Reader, Skype and a one year subscription to Office 365.
Specs:
8-inch HD 1280×800 pixels display
Windows 8.1 OS

http://usat.ly/1wXOqYTFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Williams' widow to 'honor' actor at premiere
Susan Schneider, Robin Williams widow, will attend the 'Night at the Museum 3' premiere in New York City Dec. 11, USA TODAY has learned exclusively.
Post to Facebook
Williams' widow to 'honor' actor at premiere Susan Schneider, Robin Williams widow, will attend the 'Night at the Museum 3' premiere in New York City Dec. 11, USA TODAY has learned exclusively. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D4wMG9
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Williams' widow to 'honor' actor at premiere
Bryan Alexander , USA TODAY 3:31 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Robin Williams, right, and  his wife Susan Schneider at the premiere of "Old Dogs" in Los Angeles.
(Photo: Katy Winn, AP)
9603 CONNECT 24 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Robin Williams' widow, Susan Schneider, will honor her late husband by attending the Night at the Museum 3 premiere in New York City on Thursday, USA TODAY has learned.
Director Shawn Levy said he put out a personal invitation for Schneider to attend the gala event for the film and she accepted. It will mark her first major public appearance since the actor died in August.
"(Schneider) is coming to honor her husband, that is what she told me," says Levy. "She knows it will be emotional, she knows it will not be easy. But she knows it's an amazing performance in a franchise that Robin Williams loved."
Williams had just completed final sound work on the film when he died in August. The actor had starring roles as Teddy Roosevelt in all three Night at the Museum films.
But the third film, Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb, features his biggest role in the franchise. It also includes an emotional ending for the final in the franchise.
"She knows the final act (of the film) has some bittersweet stuff," says Levy. "But (Schneider) wanted to be there and celebrate it for Robin."
"I called to connect with her. We don't know each other that well, but I feel connected to her," says Levy. "I cannot begin to fathom what she has endured."
Levy will join Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Rick Gervais and other stars at New York's Ziegfeld Theater for the premiere.
Director Shawn Levy and Robin Williams on the set of the motion picture "Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb."
(Photo: Joe Lederer, 20th Century Fox)
9603 CONNECT 24 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D4wMG9
USA NOW
Spider-dog, devil baby scared us silly on YouTube in 2014
Jan 01, 2015

http://usat.ly/12tAPv0FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most
Consumer Reports magazine has named its three worst cars and crossover SUVs for owner satisfaction. And of the six, only one comes from a Detroit automaker. Among cars, the Nissan Sentra, Kia Rio and Nissan
Post to Facebook
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most Consumer Reports magazine has named its three worst cars and crossover SUVs for owner satisfaction. And of the six, only one comes from a Detroit automaker. Among cars, the Nissan Sentra, Kia Rio and Nissan Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35m3C
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
110
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:15 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
Consumer Reports has named the Nissan Versa, shown here as the sedan, as the vehicle owners say they'd be least likely to buy again. Two other Nissans are also at the bottom. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Kia Rio was another unpopular choice among owners, like this 2012 five-door. 
(Photo: Kia)
Nissan Sentra had only 47% of owners saying they would buy it again. Here's the 2014. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Only 52% of Nissan Pathfinder owners say they'd buy it again. This is the 2013 model 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Jeep's Compass is the only vehicle from an American maker that makes the list of worst for owner satisfaction. This is a 2011 model 
(Photo: GEOFF ROBINS, AFP/Getty Images)
Barely half of owners say they'd buy another Hyundai Tucson in Consumer Reports' survey. This is a 2012. 
(Photo: Evan Sears, Cars.com)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Cramer s Mad Dash: Telecom talkcramer s mad dash: telecom talk
Beware These Holiday Credit Card TrapsBeware these holiday credit card traps
Kelley Holland CNBC
Email
Zero interest-rate financing. Store cards with discounts. Cash advances.
As consumers gear up for the holiday spend-a-thon, they will have plenty of opportunities to get into trouble with credit cards. And if they're not careful, they can find themselves with lower credit scores, high interest payments and more.
Joe Raedle / Getty Images
As consumers gear up for the holiday spend-a-thon, they will have plenty of opportunities to get into trouble with credit cards.
Holiday spending is expected to increase nearly 5 percent this year, with the average consumer planning to spend $804, according to the National Retail Federation. That can make credit card deals look enticing—and credit card purveyors are ramping up their offerings.
Deferred interest credit card offers, for example, often surface this time of year, according to Gerri Detweiler, director of consumer education for Credit.com. These offers, often announced as "zero percent interest" or "special financing" promotions, typically give consumers a grace period on interest, sometimes for a year or more.
Read More Zero percent credit cards are back! Five warnings
For a consumer making a big purchase and planning to pay it off within that time, deferred interest plans can be helpful, Detweiler said. But she warned that consumers who leave even a single dollar of charges on the card by the time the deferred interest period is over can be hit with retroactive interest charges on the entire balance they charged.
Video: Retailers are trying to entice shoppers with super sized holiday sales over an entire week. Could the Black Friday stampede be a thing of the past? NBC’s national correspondent Peter Alexander reports.
She had just received a letter from Home Depot, for example, explaining that if she took its deferred interest offer and did not pay it off in full within the specified period, she would be charged interest on all her charges retroactively at a rate of 22.9 percent. (The store's website describes a six-month deferred interest offer with interest rates on unpaid balances ranging from 17.99 to 26.99 percent.)
According to CardHub, a credit card comparison website, paying off your credit card debt one month behind schedule or missing a single payment could increase your financing costs by more than 27 times if you rack up charges under a deferred interest plan. The site has compiled a  list of retailers offering deferred interest plans with varying degrees of transparency. 
Regulators are keeping an eye on deferred interest offers as well. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in September issued a  bulletin warning credit card issuers against "engaging in deceptive and/or abusive acts and practices in connection with solicitations that offer a promotional annual percentage rate (APR) on a particular transaction over a defined period of time."
Opening new credit card accounts is another potential pitfall for consumers. Many retailers encourage consumers to take out store cards, often by offering enticements like a discount on that day's purchases, or by offering a discount if the consumer spends above a certain threshold.
"Some of these offers will be designed to encourage you to spend more," said Jeanine Skowronski, a credit card analyst with Bankrate.com.
High interest rates
But store credit cards often carry high interest rates. And even an application for a new credit card will appear on your credit report, Detweiler said.
"Every time there is an inquiry into your credit file, that's a risk factor and that drops your score," she warmed. "If you open three or four new retail cards over the holidays, you can wind up not only with a lot of debt but also a lower credit score. If you know you are going to refinance a house or buy a car, be careful."
Credit card cash advances are another potential pitfall for consumers. The interest on these is often well above the interest on credit card purchases.
"Stay away from them at all costs," Skowronski said.
For people who really want to shop with cash, Detweiler recommends an alternative to credit card cash advances: a balance transfer. Consumers can ask a card issuer to deposit cash in their account to be used to pay off another card. Often, the interest rate on that balance transfer cash will be lower, Detweiler said—but usually only for a limited time. After that, she said, "any balances left will be charged a much higher interest rate."
Of course, there are ways credit cards can be helpful with holiday spending too. For example, consumer protections on credit cards tend to be stronger than for debit cards: consumers are only liable for a maximum of $50 if they fall victim to credit card fraud, and as soon as the card is replaced they can use it again. Losses on a debit card are capped at a higher level, and it can take longer for a bank to straighten out an account where there has been fraud.

SAIL share sale oversubscribedSave this video
Copy URL
The sale of the shares for SAIL was oversubscribed as retail investors subscribed the shares for 2.5 times the share on offer.
27

Mumbai pays tributes to Dr. AmbedkarTweet
Hoardings are seen outside Chaitya Bhoomi on the occasion of death anniversary of Bhim Rao Ambedkar, in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
A vendor sells Dr Ambedkar's idols outside Chaitya Bhoomi on the occasion of his death anniversary in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
Buddhist monks arrive to pay homage to Dr Ambedkar on his death anniversary at Chaitya Bhoomi in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
Women wait in a queue for check up at a free medical camp held to mark Dr Ambedkar's death anniversary in Mumbai. (AP Photo)
A woman sleeps on a pavement next to pictures of Dr Ambedkar displayed for sale on his death anniversary in Mumbai. (AP Photo)
A woman at a free eye check-up camp outside Chaitya Bhoomi on the occasion of death anniversary of Bhim Rao Ambedkar, in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
A man at a free eye check-up camp outside Chaitya Bhoomi on the occasion of death anniversary of Bhim Rao Ambedkar, in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
Followers visit in large numbers the Chaitya Bhoomi on the occasion of death anniversary of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Advertisement

NSE Nifty sees key support at 8 400Street sees good show after stellar year
A couple of indicators signal the NSE Nifty has a key support at 8,400.
The 23.6 pct Fibonacci retracement of the rally from Oct. 17 low of 7723.85 to a record high of 8,626.95 on Dec. 4 rests around 8,414.
Meanwhile, put options at 8,400 reach 5.74 million outstanding positions as of Monday’s close – NSE data.
That level has the highest outstanding positions among index puts.
The NSE has fallen nearly 2 percent so far in December.
Index trading flat at 8,439.65
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Why zinc is on a rollWhy zinc is on a roll
G Chandrashekhar
Tweet
2015 could see supply constraints as new mine supplies are not likely to improve
The world metals market has been facing headwinds in the last two years, with industrial production slowing. Tightening liquidity in the face of the monetary policy normalisation by the US Fed has added another dimension to the challenges.
Despite this, zinc has performed well. Global zinc market fundamentals have been tightening for some time now. They are set to get tighter as supplies are constrained despite the modest growth likely in consumption demand. Prices have risen by a little over 10 per cent this year, making the metal a star performer. 
Speculation impact
Speculative interest too played a role in price performance. From $1,900 a tonne in 2013, zinc prices steadily rose to touch $2,400/tonne four months ago, but gave away a part of the gains, moving down to $2,300/tonne by September this year. LME cash price on December 3 was $2,210/tonne. 
2015 could see zinc supply remain constrained. Exchange stocks are drawn down. New mine supplies are not expected to improve anytime soon as prolonged low prices have discouraged new investments and existing mines are ageing. At least two mines are set for closure.
Environmental rules are also becoming stricter by the day, and China’s producers are seriously affected. If this persists, over the next two years, zinc inventories are likely to deplete to low levels. 
Demand outlook
On the demand side, historically, falling crude prices trigger a rise in metal demand. But this may take time. The US has, of course, shown strong signs of recovery and economic growth. Demand has been robust in 2013 and this year. However, going forward, demand from the housing sector and automotive sector may slow down. Demand growth in the developed countries of Europe and Japan is expected to be tepid, given macro-economic challenges. 
Worldwide, growth prospects for base metals are still dominated by China. Zinc is no exception. For 2014, experts project a 6 percent Chinese demand growth to approximately 6.2 million tonnes. Chinese demand is usually driven by fixed asset investment and the automotive sector.
These two sectors are expected to see a slowdown in growth to less than 5 per cent over the next two years. The same holds true for India. 
Going by the estimates of the International Lead and Zinc Study Group, the world zinc market would end the year in a deficit of 4,00,000 tonnes.
Over 2015 and 2016, this deficit can widen further by well over 25 per cent. This suggests that, going forward, zinc prices will have to push higher. Only this will create incentive for mining companies to make fresh investments.   
Price pressures
On balance, one can expect zinc prices to rise by over 10 per cent from the current levels and reach $2,500/t in 2015 and possibly $ 2,700/t and above by 2016.
What are the risks to this price forecast? If the world were to face a protracted slowdown in housing and automotive markets, there would be slump in zinc demand. Then zinc prices may slip back towards $2,000/t, dragging down treatment charges as well. 
But it is also likely that a tightening of the market occurs faster than we expect. In such a case, prices could spike rapidly. A tightening commodity market always attracts speculative capital, which will have an exaggerated impact on prices.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Abercrombie CEO Abruptly Retires as Sales FallWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Chick-fil-A launches mobile ordering  prepay in Chicago0
The company, based in College Park, Ga., is expanding its mobile ordering platform from select locations to 130 restaurants in six cities. Customers using the app can pick up orders at a dedicated counter, request food to be delivered to their table, or have it brought out to their waiting car.
Employees only start preparing the food when a customer checks in at the restaurant via the app, said Khalilah Cooper, who leads Chick-fil-A’s digital ordering strategy.
Customers can find lines daunting, particularly during peak hours and in the drive-thru, Cooper said.
“What we found is there’s a perception that if the line is long, there’s a long wait,” Cooper said. She said the app could entice customers to choose a meal from Chick-fil-A regardless of lines.
Survey data shows that about half of mobile device owners wish more restaurants offered an app to order ahead and skip lines, said Jordan McKee, 451 Research senior analyst for mobile payments. He said more quick-service restaurants are offering or testing mobile payment or ordering solutions.
Some merchants, like Chick-fil-A, ask customers to load money onto their apps in an effort to save on credit card processing fees, McKee said. That tends to work for loyal customers but may put off new diners who are hesitant to commit funds to a single restaurant brand.
The order-ahead option may offset that hesitation but, “the fact that you still have to dedicate funds ahead of time toward the application is a bit of a drawback in a lot of instances,” McKee said.
Lauren Silich, owner and operator of the Chick-fil-A at Chicago and Wabash avenues, likes the order-ahead option and the ability for customers to make requests as specific as asking for three packets of salt, for example.
Silich also said customers can place orders whenever they have time, even well in advance of when they want to pick it up, because the food will be prepared only when the customer checks in. 
“I think it allows us, especially in a downtown environment, to compete in speed,” Silich said.
Chick-fil-A expects to make mobile ordering available in its more than 1,600 locations nationwide by the end of 2016, Cooper said.

Questions for the new yearShyam Saran: Questions for the new year
Shyam Saran |  Dec 09, 2014 09:50 PM IST
Another new year is around the corner and it promises to be as unpredictable and uncertain as the year gone by. This is a good occasion on which to reflect on some major developments of the past year and identify what may preoccupy us most as a country in the coming year. Undoubtedly, the historic general elections in India that, for the first time since 1984, threw up a majority government must qualify as a potentially transformational event. This has reversed the mood of despondency and frustration that pervaded the country in the last two years of the previous government; it has also revived foreign interest in India as an economic opportunity.
India's credibility as a substantial power has revived and it can deal with its external environment with renewed strategic heft. The prime minister himself has contributed significantly to this change in mood and outlook by conveying a sense of strong leadership and clear direction. The coming year will be critical in determining whether these altered perceptions will be translated into substantive change. Failure to deliver real change may push India off the international radar screen once again even while disappointed expectations within the country may lead to domestic turmoil.
No one expects that substantive change will come in the shape of big bang reforms. However, the changes must be significant enough to justify continued optimism about India's prospects. The display of strong leadership must be matched by systemic changes. For example, the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an admirable initiative, but will run out of momentum if structural changes do not follow. We need better and more efficient waste-management systems; we need municipalities that deliver public services and impose penalties for littering. A large number of toilets are being built both through public funding as also part of the corporate social responsibility projects of public sector undertakings. In the absence of quality control and proper arrangements for maintenance they are likely to become symbols of tokenism. It was recently reported that about 25 per cent of toilets built in the initial rush are already non-functional.
The energy domain has witnessed substantive change. Diesel has been de-controlled and the direct benefit scheme, through Aadhaar and inclusive banking, are important steps. They are being applied to LPG supplies and hopefully, may be extended to kerosene.
However, energy governance continues to be fragmented with multiple agencies pursuing their own narrow interests in their respective silos. This prevents the country from formulating and implementing an internally consistent and comprehensive energy strategy encompassing different fuel sources and their inter se pricing. While ensuring adequate energy supplies to drive a renewed growth push particularly in manufacturing, some thought has to be given to the longer-term challenge of sustaining accelerated growth.
Our economic structure continues to mimic the energy-intensive and wasteful patterns of production and consumption spawned by an industrialised West that experienced growth in an era of energy and resource abundance. In an increasingly energy- and resource-constrained world we cannot aspire to the lifestyles and consumption patterns of the West. Even a fraction of the car ownership density of the West would demand fuel and land for highways and parking that is way beyond reach. The citizen's right to mobility must be delivered through efficient and affordable public transport, not through enabling car or even two-wheeler ownership. The policy implications of this are obvious. We must discourage private vehicle ownership through progressively higher taxation and use the funds to invest in public transport.
Agriculture is another sector that is crying out for fundamental reforms. The Green Revolution of the late 1960s and 1970s was based on the use of hybrid cereal seeds, with the intensive use of inputs like water, chemical fertilisers and pesticides. The focus was on crop yields, not the farmer's viability. This strategy helped to generate high crop yields and enabled food security over the next few decades. Unfortunately, this strategy has now run out of steam. Prolonged use of chemical fertilisers has diminished the natural fertility of soil, while increasing requirement of water has led to the alarming drop in groundwater levels across the country. The use of toxic pesticides has not only led to contaminated food chains, but also caused adverse health effects on farmers and their families who rarely wear protective gear while spraying these pesticides. The time has come to shift towards more water-frugal agricultural practices and to rely on crop rotation and organic pesticides to ensure high yields. The focus must shift from raising crop yields to making the farmer economically viable. This may require a judicious combination of animal husbandry, horticulture and other farm-related income generating activities that give the farmer both a more predictable income as well as insurance against the failure of one or another crop. These new practices have been tried and tested in Andhra Pradesh and some other states and have yielded excellent results. They need to be upscaled.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has already made his mark on the foreign policy front. His instincts are sound and the initiatives he has taken so far bear the stamp of a leader with an eye for perceiving and confidently grasping an opportunity that presents itself. The invitation to South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) heads of state and government at his swearing-in ceremony, the visits to India's hitherto neglected neighbours and the latest invitation to United States President Barack Obama as chief guest for the next Republic Day are all sophisticated moves of an accomplished tactician. But these moves need to be fitted into a larger strategic vision about the future of India. How does the rapidly transforming international landscape shape India's external environment and is India able, in some way, to alter that landscape to its own advantage? How must India deal with the collateral fallout from the Ukraine crisis that has locked Russia and China into a more enduring strategic embrace than we are comfortable with? Will India be reconciled to the growing power asymmetry with China, or is it determined to shrink if not eliminate that asymmetry? If the latter, what does that mean for choices we make at home, and what we do in relationships with both friends and adversaries? What does the rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in the neighbouring Gulf region mean for a secular India, and what do we do to ensure that the virus of sectarianism does not infect our own vulnerable population? These are challenges that demand clear-headed reflection and longer-term responses. Tactical deftness must serve a compelling vision of the kind of country India wishes to become in 10, 20 or 30 years from now, and what kind of society it wishes to bequeath to succeeding generations. These are the issues that await an answer in the new year.
The writer, a former foreign secretary, is currently chairman of the National Security Advisory Board and RIS, as well as a senior fellow at the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi

Winds of change in ParliamentA K Bhattacharya: Winds of change in Parliament
A K Bhattacharya |  Dec 09, 2014 09:48 PM IST
A week is a long time in politics. There is some dispute over whether this wonderful aphorism came from Harold Wilson, Britain's prime minister from 1964 to 1970 and again from 1974 to 1976. But the aptness of this saying can hardly be doubted, particularly in the context of the political situation that currently prevails in India.
Just a week or 10 days ago, fears of a parliamentary logjam preventing the passage of important legislative Bills loomed large and prospects of further economic reforms appeared bleak. Today, the outlook is completely different with the chances of important legislative Bills being introduced in Parliament and even passed appearing bright.
The differences between the Congress and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) over the insurance reforms legislation seem to have been resolved. It is still not clear in what shape the final Bill will be passed by Parliament and what safeguards there will be to ensure that the proposed liberalisation actually results in the strengthening of the insurance firms' capital base. But there is now a broad consensus that the foreign investment cap in the insurance sector should be raised to 49 per cent of the total equity.
The change in the mood in both the houses of Parliament also suggests that the ordinance allowing the auction of the controversial coal blocks will be passed. This will be a significant development as it will allow resumption of mining in a large number of coal blocks. More importantly, this will eventually pave the way for commercial mining by the private sector. Even though there are inherent problems with commercial mining by the private sector without an independent regulator in place, it seems the Bill will face no hurdle in Parliament and some progress in making the coal sector more efficient and competitive would have been achieved.
Capitalising on the current mood in Parliament, the BJP-led government has also moved ahead in other areas. Bills to set up an independent regulator for the real estate sector and lay the ground for launching the goods and services tax (GST) will be introduced in the Lok Sabha before the current session ends on December 23. Now, nobody expects these Bills, particularly the one for GST, will be passed in this session. But their introduction will set the ball rolling and hopefully one will see further progress in the Budget session of Parliament in 2015. Remember that the Lok Sabha has already passed the Bill that would allow the repeal of all redundant laws and the Rajya Sabha, too, is not likely to oppose the legislation.
What has changed? And how long will this peace and bonhomie between the BJP and the Congress remain intact to facilitate more legislative reforms in the coming months? To seek an answer to these questions, it is important to understand the nature of the stalemate that seemed to have stalled work in Parliament in the first couple of weeks in its winter session. Unlike in those sessions of Parliament when the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) was in power, the Congress opposition in the last few weeks appeared to be very mild in nature and sprang from some specific incidents - the government's handling of the black money controversy and the deeply problematic statement by a minister in Narendra Modi's government. The Congress-led UPA government also was attacked on corruption-related issues, but the BJP leaders succeeded in bringing Parliament's functioning to a halt.
You may argue that the BJP leaders during the UPA regime were more aggressive and disruptive, leading to the stalling of proceedings in Parliament. The BJP leaders were also criticised for their lack of political maturity for which the Indian economy had to pay a heavy price. This is true, but equally true is the complete absence of any strategic response from the Congress leaders to engage with the BJP leadership and come to an understanding so that at least a compromise formula could be worked out to resume the proceedings in Parliament. The Congress also suffered from an absence of leadership within the two houses of Parliament to ensure effective floor management and collaboration with like-minded parties.
In sharp contrast, the BJP leadership in the last few weeks showed remarkable resilience in responding to the Congress challenge. Remember that on various occasions and even days before the start of the winter session of Parliament, senior leaders of the BJP were making critical comments both about the Gandhi family's poor leadership and the overall failure of the UPA in its 10-year long rule. But when the Congress reacted by getting tough and threatening that it would oppose the various Bills to be introduced by the government in Parliament, the BJP leaders changed their tune. Consultations with Congress leaders began in earnest to agree on a common acceptable agenda and the BJP leaders even softened their criticism of the Congress.
Even Mr Modi was persuaded to offer his apology for the statement that his colleague had made. A statement from the Rajya Sabha deputy chairman, condemning the statement, was also arranged to appease the opposition parties including the Congress. And to the Congress' credit, it has accepted the BJP's gestures gracefully and softened its stance.
If the mood in Parliament has changed with the prospects of its passing some Bills in the winter session appearing bright, the credit for all this should go to the maturity of the Congress and the political management skills of the BJP. Unfortunately, both the BJP's maturity and the Congress' political management skills were missing in the last few years of the UPA rule for which the economy had to pay a heavy price.

Hungary and Russia confirm nuclear dealHungary and Russia confirm nuclear deal
Andrew Byrne — Budapest
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48dae3d0-7fc7-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For Saudi Arabia  plunging oil prices are a political weaponFor Saudi Arabia, plunging oil prices are a political weapon
By David Gardner
The Wahhabi nation’s visceral hatred of its Shia rivals should be factored into the equation
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27cbd5e0-7fa0-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An MP and the Candy Crush temptationWe’ve all been tempted to play Candy Crush in meetings
Lisa Pollack
Games are a natural workplace survival tool
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b2ec0e8-7ee8-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Sustainable Engagement Is Built on Purposereddit
Engagement seems to be the latest corporate "buzz word" -- but is it really? Or have we come to understand the significance of having employees that truly love their jobs?
We talk about the global trends of technology, demographics, and the millenniums (or generation Y) that are pushing companies to shift from solely profit driven to purpose driven in our book Engage! There is a definite paradigm shift happening in our thinking that is driving leaders to rethink how they are running their businesses.
The Towers Watson 2012 Global Workforce Study surveyed 32,000 employees worldwide and found that companies with the highest levels of sustainable engagement had an operating margin of 27%. This was twice as much than the companies that had traditionally high engagement scores. The companies that rated lowest on engagement had 10% operating margin.
So getting your workforce engaged does pay off. The big question is: how to get everyone engaged?
What we are finding through our research and conversations with global businesses is that companies that have a well defined bigger purpose are those that have the highest engagement and a plethora of organizational benefits that go along with that such as higher retention, lower employee attrition rates, decreased sick leave, higher productivity, higher levels of trust and confidence in the business growth and many others.
Knowing your bigger purpose--why you do what you do--and raising it to a purpose that is beneficial to the people and the planet is what gives meaning and significance to the business and the value it brings to the world. It also connects the hearts of the employees and the customers to become Raving Fans.
My favorite example of this is TOMS--a small company that is making a positive global impact through all its activities and are the creators of the One for One movement. TOMS started their journey with giving a pair of shoes to a child in need in the world and have now expanded into eyesight and clean water through their product portfolio. For a company in business for only six years, they have already given 35M pairs of shoes in 60 countries , 250,000 people had their eye sight restored in 13 countries, and they just launched their clean water project in 5 countries in 2014.
Larger organizations can also enhance employee engagement through defining their bigger purpose. Southwest Airlines' purpose is to give their customers the Freedom To Fly. It is a part of the DNA of the corporation and the employees fully understand how they can give a unique experience for their customers to keep them as not only loyal repeat customers but also they are often raving fans and will share about their fun experiences on their flights via social media and word of mouth to their friends and family.
It is possible for any business to embark on this transformation. In fact, I'd even argue that it is a critical business strategy that they do. Since 2000, 52% of the Fortune 500 companies have either gone bankrupt, been acquired, or cease to exist. Digital disruption is here to stay and change is accelerating.
It is time to tap into the core essence of a company and discover its bigger purpose. According to recent study by Deloitte, this leads to building more trust and confidence in the business growth, which in turn, leads to a more engaged workforce. I like to call this the "upward spiral of business".
The paradigm shift means crossing the bridge from the industrial based business models and thinking to joining the ranks of the companies leading the purpose driven business models that are making a positive difference in the world. And have sustainable engagement as a part of their DNA. These are the companies that will be built to last into the future.
Follow Karin Volo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/karinvolo
More:

China Sales Slow to Recover From Food ScareWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

