http://usat.ly/1qJuhg4EMAIL
Getty
Yahoo (YHOO) is under pressure by a key investor to merge with AOL. The change could be very profitable for Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer.
As is the case at most companies, Yahoo has a plan in place to pay executives including CEO Mayer in the case there is a change of control. At Yahoo, the payoff kicks in if there’s a change of control at the company and the executive loses a job within a year of the change.
Yahoo is under fire by activist investor Starboard for spending money on capital expenditures, but not getting any results in earnings or profit. Shares of Yahoo have moved higher this year, but primarily because the media company is holding billion of dollars worth of shares in Chinese e-commerce company, Alibaba.
To be sure, there’s no done deal nor even confirmation there could be one. Neither AOL nor Yahoo are talking about any combination. Shares of both companies are up sharply on the speculation. Yahoo stock is up $1.64 to $40.60 and AOL is up $1.34 to $44.45.
But if there were to be a change, Mayer would stand to haul in millions: $164 million to be exact.
The first part of the Yahoo change-in-control payout would be an an award of two years of base salary, which for Mayer would be $2 million. Her base salary in 2013 was $1 million. She would also get reimbursement for the expenses to find another job, up to $15,000. Yahoo estimates Mayer’s total cash several in a change-of-control would be $4.7 million.
Medical and dental plan coverage would continue for up to 24 months. But perhaps the most lucrative aspect of the windfall is the accelerated vesting of all stock options, restricted stock and other stock-based award.
All told, Mayer stands to bring in $164.6 million in cash severance plusstock and option acceleration if there’s a change of control at the company. The company’s filing states:
Executive

NCP colluded with BJP to impose Prez rule in Maha:ChavanPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 7:58 pm
Blaming NCP for severing ties with Congress, former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has alleged that Sharad Pawar’s party “colluded” with BJP for getting the state placed under President’s rule.
“The NCP demanded that the Chief Minister’s post be shared, according to which each party will have its chief minister for two-and-a-half years. Earlier, it was the party getting the maximum number of seats that got the chief ministership,” he told news channel CNN-IBN in an interview.
Chavan said the alliance ended on the grounds of demand for chief ministership and claimed that NCP leader and state’s former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar put a pre-condition seeking to contest 144 of the 288 Assembly seats in the state, according to a release issued by the channel.
He alleged that NCP “colluded” with BJP to overthrow the state government just a few days before the Assembly polls.
“A game plan was worked out between BJP and NCP to pull the plug of the state government and the Governor will then recommend President’s Rule in the state,” he said.
Congress and NCP have been running the government in Maharashtra for the last 15 years but their alliance broke up last week over issues particularly seat-sharing between them.

London Stock Exchange looks to AfricaLondon Stock Exchange to pursue African company listings
By Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2247f5f0-4313-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah invites Panneerselvam to form govtYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah invites Panneerselvam to form government
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 08.36PM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Panneerselvam's elevation…)
CHENNAI: Within hours of being elected as leader of AIADMK Legislature Party, O Panneerselvam was today invited by Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah to form a government.
According to a Raj Bhavan communique, Panneerselvam, who was Finance Minister in J Jayalalithaa's ministry and represents Bodinayakanur constituency in the state Assembly, met Rosaiah and submitted a letter and the resolution passed by the AIADMK legislators who chose him unanimously, a day after the party supremo was jailed in a graft case.
"Consequently, His Excellency the Governor has invited him to form the Ministry," it said without divulging details.
Panneerselvam's elevation comes a day after J Jayalalithaa was disqualified as MLA following her conviction in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court.
She was sentenced to four years in jail.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden:  OCI and PIO schemes to be combinedPM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden: 'PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
 

Hong Kong students strike for democracyHong Kong students strike for democracy
By Demetri Sevastopulo and Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68d1e3f4-4238-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vizury: Bringing brands closer to online marketsSep 27, 2014, 02.25 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Vizury: Bringing brands closer to online markets
On the Big League, Young Turks catch Bangalore-based big data analytics firm Vizury that has grown 25 times in the last two years and is not too far from an IPO.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vizury: Bringing brands closer to online markets
On the Big League, Young Turks catch Bangalore-based big data analytics firm Vizury that has grown 25 times in the last two years and is not too far from an IPO.
Post your opinion here

Myra Vineyards: Making wine the new beer!Sep 27, 2014, 02.27 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Myra Vineyards: Making wine the new beer!
Watch investment banker turned winemaker Ajay Shetty raise to entrepreneurship with his venture Myra Vineyards.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Myra Vineyards: Making wine the new beer!
Watch investment banker turned winemaker Ajay Shetty raise to entrepreneurship with his venture Myra Vineyards.
Post your opinion here

Rory McIlroy: A talent for golf and turmoil© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2853dd84-44b1-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

State utilities  penalty burden close to Rs 900 cr in West BengalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hong Kong protests swell  showdown loomsHong Kong says riot police have pulled back as protesters jam city streets
By Ivan Watson, Elizabeth Joseph, Anjali Tsui and Jethro Mullen, CNN
September 29, 2014 -- Updated 0524 GMT (1324 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Riot police remain on guard near the main protest site
NEW: Government says police pull back and urges protesters to disperse
At least 41 people have been injured in the protests, authorities say
Hong Kong's leader says police have acted with restraint
Hong Kong (CNN) -- The Hong Kong government said Monday that riot police have pulled back from pro-democracy demonstrations around the city that have caused widespread disruption in one of Asia's financial hubs.
Defiant demonstrators remained on the streets of Hong Kong's financial center, blocking traffic on key highways a day after clashes with police that left more than 40 people injured.
Explaining the decision to withdraw the riot police, the government said in a statement that the protesters on the streets were now behaving peacefully. But protesters have pointed out that the unrest Sunday resulted from heavy-handed police tactics.
Protesters break a glass door of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong on November 19. Pro-democracy demonstrators are angry about China's decision to allow only Beijing-vetted candidates to run in Hong Kong's elections for chief executive in 2017.
Broken glass is seen after protesters attempted to break into the Legislative Council building in Hong Kong on November 19.
Protesters stand off with police officers outside the Legislative Council building after clashes on November 19.
Security staff members remove a barricade outside the Citic tower near a protest site in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on November 18.
There were no signs of resistance from protesters, some of whom helped bailiffs, police and CITIC representatives move barricades away on November 18.
A general view of the Admiralty protest site on the road outside the Hong Kong Government complex on November 17.
Student leaders Alex Chow (C), Nathan Law (L) and Eason Chung (R) attempted to fly to Beijing to deliver a message to the Chinese government on November 15. They were denied boarding after being informed that their entry permits were invalid.
A businessman walks to work passed barricades placed by pro-democracy protesters blocking road at the Admiralty protest site on November 13, 2014 in Hong Kong.
People open umbrellas at the main protest site in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 28. The umbrella has become the defining image of the protest movement, used to shield protesters from tear gas and the elements.
Riot police stand guard near a barricade in a protester-occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 22.
Pro-democracy protesters at an occupied area outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong watch a live broadcast of talks between Hong Kong government officials and protesters on Tuesday, October 21.
Police and protesters face each other across a barricade as tensions continue in Hong Kong on Monday, October 20.
Riot police advance on a pro-democracy protest encampment in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong early Sunday, October 19.
A woman reads on a road barricaded by pro-democracy protesters on October 19.
Police officers yell at pro-democracy protesters as they push forward in an attempt to clear a street on Saturday, October 18.
Pro-democracy protesters sleep next to a barricade on October 18 after reclaiming streets in Mong Kok after a night of violent scuffles with police.
A Hong Kong journalist collapses in agony after being hit in the face with pepper spray during clashes with police on Friday, October 17.
Police use batons to hit pro-democracy protesters who are using raised umbrellas for protection on October 17.
Protesters and riot police officers face off at a main road in the Mong Kok district on October 17.
People shout at pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district on Friday, October 17.
Riot police clear out an encampment of protesters in the Mong Kok district on October 17. Police swooped in early to dismantle the protest campsite.
Demonstrators remove their belongings from a protest camp early on October 17.
Pro-democracy protesters break down as riot police clear their camp October 17.
Riot police remove barricades on October 17.
Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung arrives for a news conference on Thursday, October 16. He said talks would resume with students as early as next week, but he said street protests had caused severe disruption and could not continue.
Pro-democracy demonstrator Ken Tsang gets taken taken away by police before allegedly being beaten up in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 15. Authorities have vowed to conduct an investigation into a widely circulated video that appears to show plainclothes officers kicking and punching the man.
A police officer shouts at a protester who was hit with pepper spray on October 15.
Pro-democracy protesters hide behind umbrellas to protect themselves from pepper spray on October 15.
Protesters move barriers as others block a main road in Hong Kong with metal and plastic safety barriers on October 15.
Police march toward pro-democracy protesters outside central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Protesters gather near central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Police move toward pro-democracy protesters during a standoff outside central government offices in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 14.
Police remove bamboo that pro-democracy protesters had set up to block off main roads in Hong Kong on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters watch as police remove barricades in Hong Kong on October 14.
Cleaners sweep the main road after the police's removal of barricades on October 14.
Police ask a protester to leave the main road of Hong Kong's Central district on October 14.
Police dismantle barricades from the streets in Hong Kong on October 14.
Police officers run to barricades set up by protesters on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their hands behind police officers after people tried to remove the metal barricades that protesters set up to block off main roads near the city's financial district in Hong Kong on Monday, October 13.
A police officer tries to stop a man October 13 from removing metal barricades set up by protesters.
A police officer scuffles with a man in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers arrest a pro-democracy demonstrator in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on October 13.
A pro-democracy demonstrator sets up a new barricade made of bamboo in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers remove barricades used by protesters in Hong Kong on October 13.
Taxi drivers protest in Hong Kong on October 13, urging pro-democracy demonstrators to clear the roads.
People gather beneath the statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, which has become a symbol at the protest site, on Saturday, October 11, in Hong Kong.
Pro-democracy protesters remain scattered at the protest site in Admiralty on Thursday, October 9. The government canceled talks that day after protest leaders urged supporters to keep up the occupation.
Taxi drivers attend a small demonstration calling for protesters to stop blocking roads through the city on October 9.
A woman drinks a soda as she walks past a barricade erected by pro-democracy demonstrators in Hong Kong on October 9.
A pro-democracy protester sleeps on a street in the occupied area surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 8.
A pro-democracy protester reads a newspaper in Hong Kong's Mong Kok district on Tuesday, October 7, as a police officer stands nearby.
Protesters walk up an empty street inside the protest site near Hong Kong's government complex on October 7.
Joshua Wong, a 17-year-old student protest leader, is interviewed at the protest site near government headquarters on Monday, October 6.
A man walks to work as pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the road in the occupied areas surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on October 6.
A ray of sunlight bathes sleeping protesters as they occupy a major highway in Hong Kong on October 6. Protesters say Beijing has gone back on its pledge to allow universal suffrage in Hong Kong, which was promised "a high degree of autonomy" when it was handed back to China by Britain in 1997.
People take an escalator to work as protesters sleep on October 6.
The statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, stands at a pro-democracy protest site in the Admiralty district on October 6.
People walk to work on a main road in the occupied areas of Hong Kong on October 6.
Police officers remove barriers outside government offices in Hong Kong on Sunday, October 5.
Student protesters carry a barrier to block a street leading to the protest site on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators occupy the streets near government headquarters on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators surround police October 5 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong.
A pro-democracy protester holds on to a barrier as he and others defend a barricade from attacks by rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on Saturday, October 4.
Pro-democracy student protesters pin a man to the ground after an assault during a scuffle with local residents in Mong Kok on October 4.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their arms in a sign of nonviolence as they protect a barricade from rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on October 4.
A pro-Beijing activist holds up blue ribbons for anti-Occupy Central protestors to collect as pro-government speeches are made in the Kowloon district of Hong Kong on October 4.
A man sits in front of a barricade built by pro-democracy protesters on October 4 in the Kowloon district.
Thousands of pro-democracy activists attend a rally on the streets near government headquarters on October 4 in Hong Kong.
A group of men in masks fight with a man who tried to stop them from removing barricades from a pro-democracy protest area in the Causeway Bay district of Hong Kong on Friday, October 3.
Police raise hands against protesters as an ambulance tries to leave the compound of the chief executive office in Hong Kong on October 3.
A protester tries to negotiate with angry residents trying to remove barricades blocking streets in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on October 3. Large crowds opposed to the pro-democracy movement gathered to clear the area.
Pro-democracy demonstrators protect a barricade from "anti-Occupy" crowds in Hong Kong on October 3.
A man shouts at a pro-democracy demonstrator on October 3.
Police try to pry a man from a fence guarded by pro-democracy demonstrators on October 3.
Pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the street outside a government complex in Hong Kong on Thursday, October 2.
As the sun rises, a protester reads during a sit-in blocking the entrance to the chief executive's office on October 2.
Yellow ribbons, a symbol of the protests in Hong Kong, are tied to a fence as police and security officers stand guard at the government headquarters on October 2.
Protesters confront police outside the government complex in Hong Kong on October 2.
Protesters camp out in a street in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 1.
Founder of the student pro-democracy group Scholarism, Joshua Wong, center, stands in silent protest with supporters at the flag-raising ceremony at Golden Bauhinia Square in Hong Kong on October 1.
Hong Kong's Chief Executive C.Y. Leung attends a flag raising ceremony to mark the 65th anniversary of the founding of Communist China on October 1.
A pro-democracy activist shouts slogans on a street near the government headquarters on Wednesday, October 1.
Hong Kong police stand guard outside the flag-raising ceremony October 1.
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather for a third night in Hong Kong on Tuesday, September 30.
Protesters sing songs and wave their cell phones in the air after a massive thunderstorm passed over the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Protesters take part in a rally on a street outside the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Student activists rest on a road in Hong Kong on September 30, near the government headquarters where pro-democracy activists have gathered.
A pro-democracy demonstrator guards a bus covered with messages of support in Hong Kong on September 30.
Protesters sleep on the streets outside the Hong Kong Government Complex at sunrise on September 30.
Protesters hold up their cell phones in a display of solidarity during a protest outside the Legislative Council headquarters in Hong Kong on Monday, September 29.
Protesters put on goggles and wrap themselves in plastic on September 29 after hearing a rumor that police were coming with tear gas.
Police officers stand off with protesters next to the Hong Kong police headquarters on September 29.
A man helps protesters use a makeshift ladder to climb over concrete street barricades on September 29.
Riot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets around government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Police officers rest after protests on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters argue with a man, left, who opposes the occupation of Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters sit in a road as they face off with local police on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters rest around empty buses as they block Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29. Multiple bus routes have been suspended or diverted.
Police walk down a stairwell as demonstrators gather outside government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Stacks of umbrellas are ready for protesters to use as shields against pepper spray on September 29.
Protesters turn the Chinese flag upside-down on September 29 outside a commercial building near the main Occupy Central protest area in Hong Kong.
Protesters occupy a main road in the Central district of Hong Kong after riot police used tear gas against them on Sunday, September 28.
Demonstrators disperse as tear gas is fired during a protest on September 28. There is an "optimal amount of police officers dispersed" around the scene, a Hong Kong police representative said.
Police use pepper spray and tear gas against demonstrators September 28. The protests, which have seen thousands of students in their teens and 20s take to the streets, swelled in size over the weekend.
Riot police clash with protesters on September 28.
Police and protesters clash during a tense standoff with thousands of student demonstrators, recently joined by the like-minded Occupy Central movement, on September 28.
Benny Tai, center, founder of the Occupy Central movement, raises a fist after announcing the group would join the students during a demonstration outside government headquarters in Hong Kong on September 28.
Pro-democracy activist and former legislator Martin Lee wears goggles and a mask to protect against pepper spray on September 28.
A pro-democracy activist shouts at police officers behind a fence with yellow ribbons on September 28.
A sign for the Hong Kong central government offices has been crossed out with red tape by democracy activists on September 28.
Pro-democracy protesters gather near government headquarters on September 29.
Protesters gather during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Counsel on September 28 as calls for Beijing to grant the city universal suffrage grow louder and more fractious.
Protesters tie up barricades on September 28 during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong.
An injured protester is tended to after clashing with riot police outside Hong Kong government complex on Saturday, September 27.
Riot police use pepper spray on pro-democracy activists who forced their way into the Hong Kong government headquarters during a demonstration on September 27.
People watch from on high as pro-democracy demonstrators are surrounded by police after storming a courtyard outside Hong Kong's legislative headquarters on Friday, September 26.
Students march to Government House in Hong Kong on Thursday, September 25.
Hong Kong unrest

O Panneerselvam - a man of humble beginnings rewarded for loyalty35
0
Chennai: Once a tea stall owner, Jayalalithaa's trusted lieutenant O Panneerselvam is set to become Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for the second time since 2001, when he made his Assembly debut. The 63-year-old leader from Thevar community held two key portfolios of Finance and Public Works in the Jayalalithaa Ministry.
J Jayalalithaa had taken everyone by surprise by handpicking him to fill her shoes in 2001 when she had to step down due to her conviction in TANSI land scam. The staunch Jayalalithaa loyalist chose not to function from the chair on which his 'revered' leader sat while he performed the role of the nightwatchman.
He duly vacated the post after Jayalalithaa was acquitted in the case. But this time his selection was expected by many after she was sent to jail in a graft case as the stature of the leader, known for his unflinching devotion to Jayalalithaa, has grown in the party over the years.
J Jayalalithaa had taken everyone by surprise by handpicking him to fill her shoes in 2001 when she had to step down due to her conviction in TANSI land scam.
#o panneerselvam #jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #disproportionate assets case
It was in September 2001 that he was sworn-in as Chief Minister for the first time and it is in the same month in 2014, when the lady luck has smiled again on him. But he has a more challenging task at hand this time as the much-adored "Amma" Jayalalithaa stands disqualified as an MLA following her conviction and four-year imprisonment in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate wealth case by a Bangalore court on Saturday and faces and uncertain political future while the party has to prepare for assembly elections in 18 months.
Incidentally, Panneerselvam is the first man from the Thevar community to become the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. Representing Bodinayakanur Assembly constituency in Theni District in the current assembly, Pannerselvam has risen from humble origins. His family still owns a tea stall he once ran.
He was also an agriculturist and began his political career when he was elected to Periyakulam Municipality. He went on to become its Chairman during 1996-2001. A graduate, he was elected to the state assembly in the 2001 elections and straight away was made the Revenue Minister by Jayalalithaa.
Panneerselvam has also served as the leader of the AIADMK legislative party and the Leader of the Opposition in the state Assembly for about two weeks, after the party lost the assembly elections in May 2006.
49

Four National Front of Bodoland (S) cadres killed inAssamPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwhati | Posted: September 28, 2014 8:21 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 8:29 pm
The outlawed National Front of Bodoland (Songbijit faction) suffered a major blow today when four of its hardcore members were killed in a fierce encounter with security forces a joint operation in Kokrajhar district in western Assam.
The militants were killed when the army and police were conducting a joint operation in the dense jungles in Kokrajhar district close to the Indo-Bhutan border in the wee hours today. The troops also recovered some sophisticated arms and ammunition including one AK-56 rifle, three pistols and several hand grenades.  The four hardcore NDFB(S) militants who were killed included Muhar Basumatary, self-styled section second-in-command.
Defence PRO Lt Col Suneet Newton said the army has been carrying out relentless operations in the remote border areas of Kokrajhar and Chirang district close to the Bhutan border in the wake of the NDFB’s raising day on October 3, 2014. He said the army had received intelligence inputs about the NDFB(S) planning to carry out a major strike on security forces and also target minority communities around October 3.
The army had on August 20 killed five hardcore cadres of the NDFB(S), following which its top leadership had instructed its cadres to strike back particularly targeting the security forces. Top NDFB(S) leader Rueikha alias Rajiv Champagayary, a self-styled military secretary and commander of the outfit’s Irakdao Brigade was killed in that operation.
On September 13 on the other hand, the army had apprehended five members of a newly-formed Nepalese terrorist organization called United Gorkha Peoples Organization (UGPO) in the dense Pabatjhora forest in Kokrajhar district, a known hideout of the NDFB(S). Lt Col Newton said the NDFB(S) had apparently outsourced its activities to the UGPO to fill up the vacuum created due to elimination of several of its cadres in Kokrajhar district in the recent weeks.

Pressure mounts on Modi as protests in U.S. gain momentumNew York, September 28, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 00:06 IST
Protesters gear up for Modi events
Narayan Lakshman
Reuters Prime Minster Narendra Modi speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York on Saturday.
TOPICS
riots
Even as excitement surged to a climax for Sunday’s community reception for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Madison Square Garden, protests rallies planned at the event venue appeared to gather momentum, as did a second “Citizens’ Court” protest in Washington, for which an “indictment” was said to have been “served” to the Indian Embassy.
On September 28 a broad coalition of organisations that came under the umbrella Alliance for Justice and Accountability plan to hold a rally, demonstration and press conference outside the Madison Square Garden to register their protest against Mr. Modi, whom they hold responsible for not stopping the 2002 anti-Muslim pogrom in Gujarat when he was Chief Minister of the State.
Meanwhile human rights group Sikhs For Justice (SFJ) said that as U.S. President Barack Obama rolls out the red carpet for Mr. Modi on September 30, a Citizens' Court in Lafayette Park, immediately outside the front end of the White House, would hold indictment proceedings against the Indian Prime Minister that would be telecast live throughout the U.S.
In this regard a copy of the “charge sheet” and notice of indictment proceedings for the Citizens’ Court was said to have been recently served on Mr. Modi via the Indian Embassy using a summons delivery service, whose officer signed an affidavit that he delivered a copy of the documents to a named Embassy official at the Embassy premises near Dupont Circle and informed that person of the contents.
The “charge sheet” includes six counts against Mr. Modi under identified statutes of U.S. law, SFJ said.
While the proceedings may not have any legal ramifications for Mr. Modi they come at an awkward time, when he will have his first ever meeting with Mr. Obama, whose administration held firm to a visa-ban against Mr. Modi issued in 2005 for his alleged role in the 2002 riots.
Even though it remains unclear whether the Obama administration could have taken steps to block high-visibility protests steps away from the White House entrance, it is evident that they did not thwart it, as permission to conduct the Citizens’ Court has been granted to the SFJ by the National Parks Service, and The Hindu has obtained a copy of the document.
Additional pressure from dissenting groups has come in the form of a New York-based human rights group, the American Justice Centre, offering a bounty of $10,000 to anyone who could serve Mr. Modi with the summons issued by a federal district court and capture the service on video, sparking concerns that there could be a security incident during Mr. Modi’s historic five-day visit to the U.S.
While New York law allows for summons servers to simply ascertain the presence of Mr. Modi in relatively close proximity and deposit the summons near or on his person, for example at his feet or in his hands, the potential involvement of an Indian-American community member in such a venture, say during a scheduled meeting with the Prime Minister, could complicate matters.

Yahoo-AOL merger proposal: Recipe for revival  or stagnationInvestors are revisiting one of the most speculated Internet combinations, after activist investor Starboard on Friday pressured Yahoo to merge with AOL.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
A proposed merger of Internet pioneers AOL Inc and Yahoo Inc could create a nimbler player in Web video, but strong growth, the measure of success in Silicon Valley , would remain elusive.
Investors are revisiting one of the most speculated Internet combinations, after activist investor Starboard on Friday pressured Yahoo to merge with AOL.
A pairing could help the companies compete in their core advertising business. But even combined, they would remain but a shadow of the Internet powerhouses they once were, analysts and advertising experts said.
Cost cutting after a merger would generate plenty of savings, some $1 billion, according to Starboard's analysis. Accelerating business growth would be harder.
"Neither company is a leader in ad dollars, and other than cost savings, there is little to gain by combining them," said Erik Gordon, a professor at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.
DOING THE MANAGEMENT SHUFFLE
A merger would suck up a lot of management time as the companies integrate staff and systems. In the meantime, the combined company could fall even further behind the competition, said Gordon.
"You've saved costs and you've become a more efficient slow-growth company," he said.
In mobile, a high-growth area in which Yahoo and AOL have both been playing catch-up, joining forces would create little apparent benefit, analysts said.
Yahoo and AOL have a meek and decreasing share of the digital ad market, according to data from research firm eMarketer. Google Inc is expected to command more than a third of the world's $140 billion digital advertising spending this year, with No. 2 Facebook Inc grabbing about 8 per cent. AOL's share is less than 1 per cent and Yahoo's is 2.5 per cent, both down from 2013.
SOME BENEFITS
Still, analysts and advertising experts think a tie-up would help when it comes to video programming and newer, automated ways of buying advertising.
Last year AOL made its biggest acquisition under CEO Tim Armstrong when it bought an electronic video advertising platform Adap.tv for $405 million. That technology could fit well with Yahoo's recent efforts to deliver more online video programming, such as videos about technology and fashion, along with old episodes of the Saturday Night Live television program.
Both companies could benefit from combined content and audience, said Amy Dickerson, vice president, director of digital at Spark, a media agency owned by Publicis.
Pairing up would make Yahoo and AOL a strong No. 3 player in the display advertising market, behind Google and Facebook, said Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser.
SIZE MATTERS
"The reason why Facebook's size and Google's size matters and helps them so much is that they are a one-stop shop for so many advertisers," said Wieser.
AOL's heavy investment in programmatic advertising that allows marketers to automate the buying and selling of ads is another asset that would help Yahoo.
AOL has been reaping the benefits. Last quarter, advertising revenue, almost 75 per cent of AOL overall revenue, jumped 20 per cent in large part to its programmatic efforts and Adap.tv acquisition.
Additionally, AOL ad pricing, meaning what it gets for each ad, is growing while Yahoo's is shrinking, noted JMP Securities analyst Ronald Josey.
"AOL is specifically doing better in their core business and Yahoo has room for improvement for sure," he said.
Combining two online services is not a sure bet. Yahoo and Microsoft Corp voiced similar logic when they struck a Web search deal in 2009.
With Microsoft technology powering searches and search advertising for both companies, the partners hoped to mount a more competitive challenge to Google, the world's No. 1 search engine.
But the boost in search advertising prices has failed to materialize so far, and Yahoo has tried to slow the roll out of Microsoft technology on its websites in certain countries.

Raj Thackeray attacks four parties for squabbling overseatsThackeray said that he has heard nothing about scams or issues in the last few days. It has only been about seat sharing.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:18 pm
The Sunday rally of Raj Thackeray, standing true to his known ‘raw’ style,  started off with a jest at the four other political parties for squabbling over seat sharing issues for the upcoming State Assembly elections.
In a crisp 30 minute address at Kandivali’s Thakur Village, attended by over 10,000 people, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief attacked Congress, BJP, Shiv Sena and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for the way their long term alliance was ruptured.
“Is this how you govern a state? I have heard nothing about scams or issues in the last few days. It has only been about seat sharing,” said Thackeray.
The rally was attended by over 10,000 people. A MNS member said, “We had arranged for 8,000 chairs but the crowd emerged in greater numbers. They enjoy listening to him.”
And people did actually enjoy, with several erupting in applause at frequent jokes that Thackeray subtly passed during his speech.
“Even Ramdas Athavale’s family must have laughed at him for the seat sharing formula he proposed,” Thackeray, in no mood to spare any party, said while attacking the RPI president.
The rally was also attended by candidates standing on MNS ticket from all the assembly pockets of Mumbai. Amongst them, Dr Shubha Raul, ex mayor of Mumbai, was also present.
“MNS has been like a family to me. I wanted to join a party which respected women equally and gave them an opportunity to fight elections,” said Raul, who has recently defected from Shiv Sena to contest on MNS ticket from Dahisar.
The rally, organized by Pravin Darekar, MLA from Magathane, had two dance performances to woo more audience. One of the two was however cancelled when Thackeray arrived to give his speech.
Only aerial fire crackers could keep Thackeray quite for at least 10 minutes when a carton full of crackers was sparked off in his welcome.
When the crackers did not stop bursting, he coughed and looked around at his party members, one of whom promptly stood up and ordered to pour water on the carton to stop the crackers from bursting.
Thackeray, however, quickly regained his composure and started off with a jest at how politicians from different parties were calling him for joining his party. “I called Nitin Gadkari and told him that two of his parcels had landed at my doorstep,” he said to a laughing audience.

Temple was washed after my visit  says BiharCMManjhi, who belongs to schedule caste, said that his minestrial colleague told him, how the deity and temple were cleaned soon after he visited the temple.
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:53 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 5:26 am
Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi alleged on Sunday that a temple in Madhubani was “washed” after his visit. He added that the people behind the incident, however, do not hesitate to touch his feet to seek “personal favours”.
Recalling the incident, Manjhi said he visited Parmeshwari Sthan, in Brahmin-dominated Tharhi village in Rajnagar assembly constituency, during the bypoll campaign last month. “My ministerial colleague Ram Lashan Raman told me how the deity and temple were cleaned soon after I visited the temple… I had gone on someone’s request,” said Manjhi, who belongs to the Scheduled Caste.
“Those who would not hesitate to touch my feet to seek personal favours nurse such feelings… Tell me what is this,” he said.
However, no case has been lodged against the temple priests in the absence of a formal complaint.

How ISIS Is Using Oil To Fund Its TerrorHow ISIS Uses Oil To Fund Terror
Posted:
Updated:
09/29/2014  9:59 am EDT
FILE - In this March 2, 2013 file photo, a view of an oil field under control of Kurdish militias near the town of Deriq, in a Kurdish area of Syria, near the border with Iraq. The Islamic State militants, who once relied on wealthy Persian Gulf nations for money, have become a self-sustaining financial juggernaut, earning more than $3 million a day from oil smuggling, human trafficking, theft and extortion, according to U.S. intelligence officials and private experts. The group, which has taken | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
Every week, The WorldPost asks an expert to shed light on a topic driving headlines around the world. Today, we turn to Syria and the Islamic State's massive oil revenues.
News broke last week that U.S. intelligence officials believe the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, has grown into one of the wealthiest terrorist groups in history. According to recent estimates, the militants are making as much as $3 million a day, most of it through the illegal oil trade. U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria this week targeted some of the ISIS-controlled oil installations in an effort to curtail the militants' revenue stream.
The WorldPost discussed the Islamic State's lucrative business with Luay al-Khatteeb , a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution's Doha Center in Qatar and director of the Iraq Energy Institute. Al-Khatteeb warned that the returns of the trade have contributed significantly to the expansion of the terrorist group.
U.S. intelligence officials revealed last week that the Islamic State group is making millions every day from illicit trade in oil. How did the group get to this point?
It's been a gradual development. ISIS and other extremist groups first took over oil assets in Syria during the past three years of conflict there [between rebel fighters and the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad]. Most of the oil assets they captured are in the eastern part of Syria and many of them shifted hands several times. One day they are controlled by the Nusra front [the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria], the next by ISIS. However, as ISIS intensified its operations and expanded its reach in Syria and Iraq, most of the key oil assets in Syria came into their hands.
When ISIS moved to Iraq in June, it seized control over Mosul and moved into other Sunni-dominated provinces: Tikrit and Anbar. It built on the experience it gained in Syria and added new oil assets in Iraq to the list it was already in control of in Syria.
When the militants take over these fields, do they have the technical capabilities to operate them?
The groups rely on the cooperation of locals, on the people who had been running these operations before. Having said that, the groups did suffer a significant loss of capacity. For example, ISIS is in control of 60 percent of Syria's oil production capacity. Pre-conflict, Syria's production capacity stood at 385,000 to 400,000 barrels a day, so 60 percent would be more than 200,000 barrels. But from what is being reported out of Syria, ISIS appears to only be producing around 50,000 barrels.
The same thing is happening in Iraq. The capacity of the fields under ISIS control is about 80,000 barrels a day. The militants started producing around 20,000, increased to 40,000 and declined again after the start of the U.S. strikes and the joint operations launched between Erbil and Baghdad, between the Kurdish Peshmerga forces and the Iraqi army.
It's also important to note that not all of these fields are staffed by "ISIS personnel," but by other insurgencies or entities that are willing to cooperate with the group. Because of these different operators, the price per barrel varies from $20 to $60 maximum -- still well below the standard international price of about $90.
Who is buying this oil?
There are about 8 million people living in the territory ISIS controls that desperately need fuel and energy supplies, and the group is producing about 70,000 barrels a day between Syria and Iraq. That means that ISIS's first customer basis is the people. However, most of the oil needs to be refined. The crude oil is either refined in small facilities or exchanged across the border -- mostly in Turkey -- for refined oil products. The southern corridor of Turkey has thus become a gateway for oil products and illicit trading that contribute to transnational terrorism.
Would it be possible to shut that trade down?
The Turkish government says it's doing its best, but in reality it's very hard to control the 746 miles-long border. At the end of the day, we are talking about a region that is well known historically for illegal trading and thriving black markets. The difference since the start of the Syrian conflict is that this black market is becoming an instrumental player in the financing of groups such as ISIS. One would hope that U.N. member states, entities and individuals comply with U.N. Security Council resolution 2170 to cut the finances of ISIS, Nusra front and other Qaeda splinter groups
How worried are you about the fact that groups like ISIS control significant oil resources?
The returns of this trade have contributed to the expansion of these terrorist groups. At the beginning of June, most estimates said about 10,000 fighters had joined ISIS. Just 10 days ago, the CIA put the number at 31,000. It is now believed that the oil revenues have contributed significantly to the expansion of the recruitment. About 10 percent of them come from Western countries and could pose a potential threat to national security if those radicals return to their countries as sleeper cells.
This interview has been edited for clarity.
Read Luay al-Khatteeb's blogs for The Huffington Post here .
More from the WorldPost on the Islamic State:

TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai roughed up outsideMSGSardesai, who quit as the editor-in-chief of IBN 18 Network in July, tweeted, "Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo!"
PTI | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:56 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:28 pm
Leading TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai was today roughed up apprently by pro-Modi supporters outside the Madison Square Garden, shortly before the Prime Minister’s address.
Watch video here:
The news created quite a buzz on social networking site Twitter after @JFK_America posted, “Mob of people attacking an Indian journalist for being critical of Modi on the past. Accused if being a traitor”.
Sardesai, who quit as the editor-in-chief of IBN 18 Network in July, tweeted, “Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo!”
He added, “Glad we caught the idiots on cam. Only way to shame the mob is to show them”. Sardesai also posted, “Great publicity for my book. All those who took selfies have promised to buy it!”
The small video of him being manhandled hit YouTube and was shared numerous times on Twitter.

Make India s development a mass movement: PM | Full coverageIndian American community
(3D Mantra, skill development,…)
NEW DELHI: 3D Mantra, skill development, talent pool and India's bright economic prospects - these formed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pitch to the Indian American community at the Madison Square Garden .
"Just like Mahatma Gandhi made freedom struggle a national movement, we have to make development and progress a people's movement. 1.25 billion people should work for the betterment of India," Modi urged. "I am sure that now an atmosphere has been created where every Indian wants go work for the nation," Modi said.
Like you, Mahatma Gandhi was an NRI. I implore you to do something in your capacity for the country," Modi exhorted.
Acknowledging the visa problems faced by PIOs, Modi said, "PIO and OCI schemes will be one in due time. We will offer life time visas. We will also give long term visas for US nationals travelling to India for tourism purposes."
Pitching his 3D mantra to the Indian American community Modi said, "We have democracy, demographic dividend and demand on our side." "These are three things that no nation has, except India. It is these three things that will take India to an assured path of success," Modi said.
India is the youngest nation in the world with 65% of its population below 35 years of age," he said.
"India has the demographic dividend to succeed. There is no reason for gloom. I am sure that India is going progress at a rapid speed, led by the strength and capabilities of its youth," Modi pitched. "A day will come when the world will not have young workforce. We will be able to supply the requisite manpower to all," Modi confidently said.
"The entire world is looking to India because it knows that the people of India will create demand for their products."
Modi cited ISRO's successful MOM as an example of India's talent pool. "An indigenous mission, which succeeded in its first attempt, that too at such less cost is what India's talent can ensure." "Skill development is key to make Indian youth harness their talent, and our government is working to make sure that people are skilled to be job creators," Modi said talking about his dream project.
Modi also spoke extensively of his government's initiatives for the economy and people, including Jan Dhan Yojana and 'Make in India'. "I invite all of you you to come, make in India," Modi said. He also invited suggestions for development on mygov.in website.
Modi said that people keep asking him for a 'grand vision. "I am an ordinary, small person. But I want to do big things for small people. People have exaggerated ideas about what a PM should do. I want to break that misconception," Modi said.
Talking about his government's agenda to clean river Ganga, Modi called the work an economic mission. "So many people of the country are dependent on the water from Ganga. Hence cleaning it is of economic importance as well," Modi explained.
Modi also spoke of 'Swatchh Bharat' mission and 'Housing for All'. "We want to ensure a clean India in line with Gandhiji's vision. By 2022 we want to ensure that everyone in India has a house. This is our dream."
Applauding the Indian American community, Modi said, "Through your actions and values you have earned immense respect in USA. You have a great role in boosting India's image not just in America, but around the world."
India was known as a nation of snakes and snake charmers. had it not been for Indian Americans, young Indians and the IT prowess shown by them, we would always been known as a nation of snake charmers," Modi said.
Talking about NDA's recent election victory, Modi said, "Indians world over have been celebrating the win. I want to take is opportunity to thank you all for coming to India and taking part in the election process."
Modi went on to add, "Winning alone is not enough. We have a huge responsibility on our shoulders and I promise you that we will work our level best to improve the economic conditions of the country." "Even the poorest of poor want change, and I assure that we will never let people down," Modi said.
"I promise you that our government will be 100% successful in meeting people's expectations," Modi reiterated. " I will clear my debt for all the love you have shown me by creating the India you want to see," he added.
Stating that many people call the 21st century as that of Asia, said, " 21st century for some is that of India. It is not without reason that people have such high expectations from India," Modi told the large gathering.
"America is the oldest democracy in the world, while India is the largest. The whole world has come and inhabited America, while Indians have gone and inhabited the entire world," Modi observed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Boy s tongue slit  killed in  human sacrifice  in OdishaSep 28, 2014 at 10:51pm IST
Boy's tongue slit, killed in 'human sacrifice' in Odisha
17
0
Balangir: In an alleged case of human sacrifice, a seven-year-old boy's tongue was slit and he was killed in Odisha's Balangir district.
The victim was identified as Dasrath, son of Jalestry Parabhoi of Jhalipadar village, and his body was found floating in a pond in Gandhrabadh, a police officer said.
While police arrested Bankane Behera and Hrushikesh Dash, two other persons were detained by the police. Dash was a tantrik (black magician).
In an alleged case of human sacrifice, a seven-year-old boy's tongue was slit and he was killed in Odisha's Balangir district.
#odisha #human sacrifice #balangir district
"Bankae Behera has confessed to having killed the child in order to ward off evil powers. He was suggested by a tantrik to sacrifice a child to get rid of evil power on him," said Dilip Kumar Purohit, SDPO, Titlagarh.
The boy was picked up by the accused persons while he was playing near his house on Friday. They took him to Chulifunka village nearby on the pretext of giving him snacks. In between, at Gandhrabadh village, the four allegedly slit his tongue and tied up his hands before throwing him into a pond.
On Saturday morning, some villagers of Gandhrabadh found Dasrath's body floating in a pond and informed Bangomunda police.
Based on the statement of boy's mother, police nabbed the four persons.
27

1 972 candidates file nomination for Haryana electionsSep 28, 2014 at 10:42pm IST
1,972 candidates file nomination for Haryana elections
4
0
Chandigarh: As many as 1,972 candidates have filed their nomination for 90 Assembly seats in Haryana, elections for which will be held on October 15.
While the highest number of 44 candidates filed papers from the Bhiwani Assembly constituency, lowest number of 11 nominations were received for Narayangarh and Nuh each, according to Chief Electoral Officer Shrikant Walgad.
He said while 43 candidates filed papers from Assandh Assembly constituency, 36 did from Panipat (Rural) and 34 from Jind.
1,972 candidates have filed their nomination for 90 Assembly seats in Haryana, elections for which will be held on October 15.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #nomination
Saturday was the last day for filing nomination.
The scrutiny of nomination papers will be held on Monday and candidates can withdraw their names by October 1.
The counting of votes will take place on October 19.
About 1.61 crore voters will cast their votes at 16,244 polling stations to be set up in the state.
In the last Assembly elections in 2009, Congress had won 40 seats, INLD 31, BJP 4, HJC-BL 6, SAD and BSP one each and seven seats had gone to Independents.
Though Congress had not got a majority, Bhupinder Singh Hooda formed the government for the second term with the support of five of the six HJC-BL members, who joined the ruling outfit, and seven Independents.
Haryana is all set to witness a multi-cornered contest this time. Key players in the fray include Congress, BJP, Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), BSP, Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC)-Haryana Jan Chetna Party (HJCP) alliance, Haryana Lokhit Party (HLP), besides the Left parties.
BJP is testing electoral waters in Haryana on its own for the first time by fielding its candidates on all 90 seats. Before this, the party had entered the poll arena in the state in alliance with some regional outfits, including INLD.
Besides Hooda, the key contestants include Ajay Singh Yadav (Cong), Kiran Choudhary (Cong), M L Khattar (BJP), Anil Vij (BJP), Abhay Singh Chautala (INLD), MP Dushyant Chautala (INLD), former Union minister Venod Sharma (Haryana Jan Chetna Party), Kuldeep Bishnoi (HJC), Maratha Virender Verma (BSP) and Gopal Kanda (Haryana Lokhit Party).
2

Awareness campaign held to mark  World Rabies Day  in JamshedpurSep 28, 2014 at 10:24pm IST
Awareness campaign held to mark 'World Rabies Day' in Jamshedpur
8
0
Jamshedpur: Jamshedpur Utility and Services Company (JUSCO) and Association for Prevention and Control of Rabies in India (APCRI) launched an awareness campaign to mark the 'World Rabies Day' on Sunday.
Over 200 students and teachers from Jusco Shool, along with officials of JUSCO and APCRI. Have taken part in the rally that was taken out in the city on Sunday morning.
The awareness programme would continue as APCRI has plans to cover 32,000 students, doctors, veterinary doctors to train them about the menace, said Dr. K K Singh, In-charge of the Tata Rabies Project.
Villagers to boycott polls after stray dogs maul 6-year-old girl to death
#world health organization #world rabies day #jamshedpur utility and services company
Singh, also the in-charge of APCRI Eastern India, said the country accounts for about one-third of the global burden and two-thirds of the Asian burder of human rabies and exposure of dogs accounted for most of these human rabies deaths in the country.
As per the World Health Organization estimates, he said, the number of deaths due to human rabies was estimated to be around 20,000 per year and the maximum number of death in the world due to human rabies (36 per cent) were reported in India, he said adding that the figure was declining in the last few years.
The motive behind the program was to create awareness among people and train them to take necessary precautionary measures in dog bite cases, he said.
10

Apple plays defence on iPhone 6 bending  software concernsUpdated: September 26, 2014 16:25 IST
Apple plays defence on iPhone 6 bending, software concerns
Reuters
Reuters A man holds an iPhone 6 in a mobile phone shop in Moscow on Friday. Apple shares closed down nearly 4 per cent at $97.87 on Thursday, wiping out nearly $23 billion in market value.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
The new phones face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate".
Apple Inc. broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones, hours after withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.
"With normal use, a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an email.
Apple shares closed down nearly 4 per cent at $97.87 on Thursday, wiping out nearly $23 billion in market value.
The new phones face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate". Social media and online forums have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans.
Apple said its iPhones feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high-stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.
The only way an iPhone may have bent is if someone put it in their back pocket and sat on the phone for a very long time, said Laban Roomes, Chief Executive Officer of Goldgenie, which customizes and gold plates iPhones.
Apple was also forced to withdraw a faulty update to its latest operating system after some users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions.
Apple released a new software update late on Thursday to fix the problems, which it said affected fewer than 40,000 devices.
"I do believe this speaks to execution issues at Apple," said JMP Securities analyst Alex Gauna. "At the end of the day I believe this too shall pass, but we are noting with concern that the miscues pile up."
Apple said on Monday it had shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus also complained about the inability to use the fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating to iOS 8.0.1.
Some users had complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after moving to iOS 8, Time magazine reported earlier this week.
On Thursday, Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8, launched last week, through the latest version of iTunes. The health app will not work for now and will be fixed in the next software update, the company said.
Customers might, however, hope for replacements for their bent iPhones, depending on whether their devices passed an inspection, tech news website the Next Web reported, quoting an Apple support executive.
"It's not game over for Apple, but nor should we give them a pass on this," Gauna said.
Cases of bent iPhones 5 and 5s had been reported in 2013 by Cult of Mac, a website that exclusively covers Apple.
Rival smartphone makers took digs at Apple's problems.
A Samsung Electronics Co Ltd advertisement showcased a bending phone against its own product, while BlackBerry Ltd CEO John Chen said: "I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport."
Nestle SA's Kit-Kat chocolate wafer brand tweeted "We don't bend, we break."

Chiquita  Fyffes Alter Merger AgreementAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

President Obama Is At The Vanguard Of A Major Cultural Shift In AmericaPresident Obama Is At The Vanguard Of A Major Cultural Shift In America
Posted:
reddit
Former White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer was the guest this morning at Buzzfeed HQ, for a "Buzzfeed Breakfast" round of Q&A. Among the topics discussed, according to Capital New York's Jeremy Barr , were the media consumption habits of President Barack Obama.
As Barr reports , Pfeiffer told those assembled that Obama "reads the daily news ... both print and online," and also indulges in a healthy amount of long-form journalism. One source of news, however, is not on the menu:
However, Pfeiffer said: "Where he does not consume a lot of media is on television."
The president does not watch cable news, with its horse-race political coverage, or the morning news shows.
Frankly, I think that this is where the rest of the country is heading, slowly and inevitably. I'd wager that within a generation, most of America will be tuning out today's version of cable news and the Sunday morning shows, as the aging viewers of such media surrender to the grip of mortality and younger generations settle into the 21st-century news environment.
I've said this before , but I feel confident in these predictions. What we know as "cable news" will, of course, adapt, and even be superb. The future for that platform will most likely be a home to programming like high-impact documentary news features (like the acclaimed " Blackfish ") and longer reported features focused on public affairs (like HBO's " Last Week Tonight "). The faces you see on cable news -- which currently, and too often, are just a cruddy mélange of interchangeable pundits, "thought leaders" and "insiders" -- will give way to journalists of an altogether different ethos.
You'll think I'm crazy to say this ( unless you're fortunate enough to have read this ), but the guy who really embodies that ethos right now is Anthony Bourdain, who recently told Fast Company , "I'm not a Middle East expert. I'm not an Africa expert. I'm not a foreign-policy wonk. But I see aspects of these countries that regular journalists don't. If we have a role, it's to put a face on people who you might not otherwise have seen or cared about" (emphasis mine).
Once cable news completes this necessary evolution, viewers will flock to watch televised news that really focuses on and impacts the lives of normal human Americans.
In this regard, Obama is an early adopter, whether he knows it or not. I'm an even earlier adopter of this manner of news consumption and, I can tell you, life has never been better. I recommend it!
[Would you like to follow me on Twitter ? Because why not?]
More:

Hearts and minds: writers on the prose that inspires themSeptember 26, 2014 12:50 pm
The Bodley Head/FT 2014 essay prize
To launch this year’s prize, leading writers share their thoughts about the prose that most inspires them – from Seneca to Christopher Hitchens
©Andy Martin
Lucy Kellaway
In 1910, about 25 years before Dale Carnegie got going, Arnold Bennett (1867-1931) published one of the first and finest works of self-help ever written, “How to Live on 24 Hours a Day” . Since then, self-help has become a dismal literary genre dominated by emoting Americans; yet, here, the British writer proves it is possible to tell people how to run their lives in a way that is funny, erudite, and snooty – as well as entirely persuasive.
The essay’s argument goes like this: most people waste a lot of time. It would be better if they found half an hour every morning, and 90 minutes three days a week, for improving reading. Given the simplicity of the idea, 12,000 words might seem rather a lot in which to express it; yet the message is not the half of this essay – its splendour lies in its technique.
Bennett begins by demolishing objections to the thesis with mockery that masquerades as helpfulness. So, to the complaint that it is impossible to get up any earlier in the morning, he replies that all that is needed is a manservant who leaves out a tray at night with “two biscuits, a cup and saucer, a box of matches and a spirit-lamp; on the lamp, the saucepan; on the saucepan, the lid – but turned the wrong way up; on the reversed lid, the small teapot, containing a minute quantity of tea leaves”. With such deadpan pedantry, he silences further objection.
The essay is written as if to an obstreperous, slightly dim reader – another stroke of genius, as it flatters the actual reader into thinking how smart they are by comparison: “ ‘But I hate music!’ you say. My dear sir, I respect you . . . ‘I hate all the arts!’ you say. My dear sir, I respect you more and more.”
More
Snapshot ‘Come Home at Once’, Bantam Press
Yet the best trick of all is the taunting simplicity of his words, which stand in frightening contrast to the task he is proposing. “I suggest – it is only a suggestion – a little chapter of Marcus Aurelius or Epictetus. Do not, I beg, shy at their names.” Bennett ends by cautioning readers who follow his plan never to become boring about it: “The terrible danger of becoming that most odious and least supportable of persons – a prig”. It’s a warning that no self-help book should be without.
Finally, he notes that people should read something they are interested in. “If you happen to have no liking for philosophy, and to have a liking for the natural history of street-cries, much better leave philosophy alone, and take to street-cries.”
History does not relate how many people took to philosophy – or street-cries – as a result of Bennett’s efforts. But I defy any modern reader to finish this essay without guiltily wondering whether they should leave off Twitter and to read, if not Epictetus, then at least a book of poetry instead.
Lucy Kellaway is an FT columnist
. . .
John Burnside
There are certain constants that make for a fine essay: the elegance (or urgency) of its prose, say, or a certain spirit of inquiry (essays being more persuasive when the author is pursuing something at least somewhat elusive, rather than setting out a conclusion already reached). However, there is one special quality, one constant, whose absence provokes a sensation not unlike disdain. It is not that risks must necessarily be taken, nor does an essay have to be radical, as such, but I do like to feel that, at some point during the process of composition, the author surprised himself. When that happens, I am persuaded to think very differently about a question, to take a leap, as it were.
The master of such leaps was Gore Vidal (1925-2012). Re-reading his “(The Great Unmentionable) Monotheism and its Discontents”, from 1992, I find nothing with which I would not concur, yet there is something about the way he sets out what I thought I had already understood that renews my will to live; or rather, to live in this world, enduring all the nonsense that goes on in it. At last, someone is saying what needs to be said, in sentences so perfectly judged that, even if they were recounting a detailed recipe for huckleberry jam, they would still hold me rapt.
An example: “The word ‘radical’ derives from the Latin word for root. Therefore, if you want to get to the root of anything you must be radical. It is no accident that the word has now been totally demonised by our masters, and no one in politics dares even use the word favourably, much less track any problem to its root.” Vidal takes on race, religion and American imperialism and everything he says is as urgent today as it was then; what he also offers, however, is an object lesson in how to write a great essay. What is most remarkable about him is that the more openly civil he is, the more biting is his critique, and the more he cares about something, the less obvious emotion he shows. This is the mark of the true master: he is always in charge but he never makes you feel it and by the time you reach the end, you seem to have been sitting in an empty room all along, discovering beautiful ideas all by yourself.
John Burnside’s most recent book is ‘I Put a Spell on You’ (Jonathan Cape)
. . .
Simon Kuper
©Magali Corouge/Documentography
When twentysomethings come to me for advice on how to become a journalist, I say 1) Don’t, because the industry is dying; and 2) If you must, then first read George Orwell’s 1946 essay “Politics and the English Language” . It’s only 16 pages long, and it will teach you how to write. Orwell (1903-1950) starts his essay by observing: “Most people who bother with the matter at all would admit that the English language is in a bad way.” We are trapped in a vicious cycle, he explains. Our “foolish” orthodox political thinking stops us writing clearly, and because we can’t write clearly, we can’t think clearly. He then quotes five imperishable examples of bad writing, which every journalist, academic and bureaucrat today should be forced to read.
From there, he offers some helpful advice: “A scrupulous writer, in every sentence that he writes, will ask himself at least four questions, thus: What am I trying to say? What words will express it? What image or idiom will make it clearer? Is this image fresh enough to have an effect? And he will probably ask himself two more: Could I have put it more shortly? Have I said anything that is avoidably ugly?” The beautiful concision of the essay itself sets the example.
Orwell ends with his famous six rules, which include, “Never use a long word where a short one will do”, and “If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out.” One effect of his rules is to force you to interrogate every word you write to make sure it’s clear, necessary, and suited to humans.
Bad writing has changed since his day. Journalism has become clearer, thanks partly to Orwell’s luminous example. He, rather than St Francis de Sales, is the true patron saint of our profession. Moreover, social media have encouraged lively jargon-free writing that is almost like speech – an ideal Orwell aspired to.
In politics, the orthodoxies that he was attacking have died. In fact, since the death of free-market orthodoxy in 2008, few political writers hold many unquestioned orthodox beliefs at all. Misleading euphemisms such as “international community” and “western values” are falling out of use. Right or left or plain confused, few of us are quite sure what we believe any more.
But bad writing survives elsewhere. Academic prose is clogged with jargon-ridden, paragraph-long sentences. An academic friend once explained to me that she had to use the jargon because otherwise her colleagues would suspect she didn’t know it.
Other realms use jargon in a semi-conscious effort to keep outsiders outside. People in the financial markets sold bundles of risky mortgages and called them “collateralised debt obligations” and, as a result, few regulators or critics and certainly no ordinary people understood what these things were. The dull incomprehensible jargon of Brussels deters the uninitiated from taking an interest. Orwell’s essay does not date.
Simon Kuper is an FT Weekend columnist
. . .
Fatima Bhutto
©Ulf Andersen
James Baldwin’s “My Dungeon Shook: Letter to my Nephew on the One Hundredth Anniversary of Emancipation” (1963) is elegiac and, like all Baldwin’s essays, and novels, profoundly moving. Writing to his brother’s young son during the dark days when America’s civil rights movement was still a struggling experiment in equality, Baldwin (1924-1987) speaks of the people who, even in their innocence, have rendered the author and his namesake nephew invisible. Writing about liberty, Baldwin understands that condemning your oppressors may be vital but so, too, is forgiveness. “You must accept them,” Baldwin writes of the whites who cast out generations of African Americans, “and accept them with love.” Though the essay is angry, Baldwin’s anger does not diminish his kindness or compassion. He is right to be angry at a country that separated men by colour and that justified segregation through religion and politics. Yet Baldwin’s anger doesn’t resemble anything so crass as bitterness or vengeance. What his anger reveals is pain.
“I know what the world has done to my brother,” he writes, “and how narrowly he has survived it and I know, which is much worse, and this is the crime of which I accuse my country and my countrymen, and for which neither I nor time nor history will ever forgive them, that they have destroyed and are destroying hundreds of thousands of lives and do not know it and do not want to know it.”
Few essayists can write like Baldwin. His prose is always intimate, he writes openly and without guard. His fury, his poetry, his experiments with form are all evidence of the fact that he never hid his discontent with his country and the society he lived and travelled in; rather, he meditated upon it.
I discovered Baldwin’s books in my grandfather’s library in Karachi. And rifling through the shelves in the dark room, which smells faintly of mothballs and old books, I came across The Fire Next Time (1963). I stood reading “My Dungeon Shook”, which is one of its two essays, and when I had finished, took the book to read the essay to my mother. And when I had finished, to my brother. And then I found a copy of the essay online and emailed it to my friends.
Baldwin writes how one feels. He doesn’t skirt around anguish and he doesn’t care to disguise the intensity of his convictions.
The only duty of a writer, in my mind, is to observe the world around them and to speak of it truthfully and without guise (sorry, using guise is a sort of a guise-y thing to do). Baldwin, and this essay in particular, embodies that more than any writer I have come across.
Fatima Bhutto is author of ‘The Shadow of the Crescent Moon’ (Viking)
. . .
Adnan Sarwar
©Brijesh Patel/The Kalory Agency
Death is the full stop before which comes the sentence of life. And your words should be full. I was floating in “The Sin of Height” before Julian Barnes said: “The aeronaut could visit God’s space – without the use of magic – and colonise it.” That’s where I want an essay to take me. Give me your everything. Take me high and, like Seneca advised, let me live wide. I want your secrets, don’t hide.
Then Julian took me down through the ground to “The Loss of Depth” and if you haven’t been there with him, go, and know that “pain is a proof of love”, know this is all there is, is us. “But where are we being taken?’” he asks. I read the truth to feel something real. In my study of writing, I read Glyn Maxwell’s On Poetry and asked myself what it takes to be this good. I don’t have that answer yet. He made me fall for Emily Dickinson – “she always seems to have just come back to her desk from her little bed and lit a candle, having seen the whole of Creation” – then when he said: “All a man’s youth and adulthood went by there, streamed through in that centimetre,” I knew the power of a sentence, of words, the black versus the white – “Call them sound and silence” – that writing is life.
Ezra Pound’s essays in ABC of Reading pushed me not to be the “weak-hearted reader” who “usually sits down in the road, removes his shoes and weeps.” Ezra knew how serious writing was. That it is life, that it carries life on. “If an animal’s nervous system does not transmit sensations or stimuli, the animal atrophies. If a nation’s literature declines, the nation atrophies and decays.” I like the fear. When we’ve scraped our depths and punched the sky, felt everything there is in the moment with someone, we should be scared that we might lose it for ever if we can’t gather it together, scared we may not have the words to put it to the page. It takes bravery to examine our vulnerability and transmit it. I want the writer who dared.
In Mortality, Christopher Hitchens is clear and clinical – “get these false hopes behind one quickly” – but it’s the piece at the end by [his wife] Carol Blue that bangs with life for me: “It was the sort of early summer evening in New York when all you can think of is living.” I kept reading the line and could hear fingers beat on a piano. Maybe you need his words before to feel that, or it may be that you need to be the one left behind to write like that. I’m in love with words, and when they are used to surround the ones who we loved I know the full stop doesn’t stop us, that we can jump into that black tunnel and go on for ever.
Adnan Sarwar won the 2013 Bodley Head/FT essay competition with his essay ‘British Muslim Soldier’. Read more of his work at adnansarwar.tumblr.com/
-------------------------------------------
‘A showcase for some extraordinary talent’
“The Bodley Head/FT essay prize, now in its third year, offers the best, most concentrated way to find new writers, gauge what is on the minds of literary millennials and to showcase extraordinary emerging talent in the pages of FT Weekend.
As Adnan Sarwar, our brilliant winner last year, put it: ‘The prize kept me going, being a writer isn’t easy and winning this one in particular was wonderful since I’ve long read the FT Weekend and my parents were proud to see their son on the cover’”
Caroline Daniel is editor of FT Weekend and a judge for this prize
-------------------------------------------
Win £1,000 – and have your work published. How to enter the 2014 Bodley Head/FT essay competition
After the success of the second Bodley Head/Financial Times essay prize in 2013, which attracted hundreds of entries and uncovered outstanding new talent, we are proud to announce the launch of the 2014 competition.
Entries will be judged by a distinguished panel, including Simon Schama, historian and FT contributing editor, Tom Weldon, chief executive of Penguin Random House UK, Stuart Williams, publisher at The Bodley Head, Dan Franklin, digital publisher at Random House, Lucy Tuck, editor of FT Life & Arts, and Caroline Daniel, editor of FT Weekend.
The judges are looking for dynamic, lively and authoritative non-fiction essays of no more than 3,500 words, which must be written in English and can be on any subject.
The winner will receive £1,000, epublication by Bodley Head, and a mentoring session with Bodley Head/FT editors. Two runners-up will receive £500 each and have their work published as an ebook. The three top-placed entrants will receive a selection of Bodley Head books and a year’s free digital subscription to FT Weekend.
Entrants must be aged 35 or under and the closing date is November 30 2014.
For an entry form, full terms and conditions and to read essays from previous winners, visit ft.com/essayprize2014
Illustration by Andy Martin
Photographs: Magali Corouge/Documentography; Ulf Andersen; Brijesh Patel/The Kalory Agency
-------------------------------------------

Why the golfing superstar has a talent for turmoil© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2853dd84-44b1-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi passes through Washington (via Mars)© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e024bb9a-4592-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politics not bombs is the key to beating IsisPolitics not bombs is the key to beating Isis
By David Gardner
Detente between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shia Iran is essential
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08669916-4412-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street meets its match in people powerWall Street meets its match in people power
By Gary Silverman
Investors are making it clear they no longer think their money managers are all that smart
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/532dd280-434e-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will handle issue procedurally: India on summons to ModiGiroud faces fight to get back into Arsenal team, says Wenger
LONDON (Reuters) - France international Olivier Giroud faces a fight to get back into the Arsenal team after recovering from a broken leg, manager Arsene Wenger said on the eve of Saturday's mouth-watering Premier League clash with Manchester United. Giroud, who has been out since breaking his leg against Everton on Aug. 23, has made a quicker than expected return to fitness and the striker was praised by his boss when he spoke to reporters at his pre-match briefing on Friday. "The surgery went …
New York, Sept. 27 (ANI): India has reacted cautiously to the summons issued against Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in the 2002 Gujarat riots and said that it will handle the issue procedurally.
"The Indian sovereign representative is ring-fenced. There is no issue of anyone serving any summons on India's sovereign representative. I think the US state department has also clarified this today," said MEA official spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
"As far as that process which has been started, let me assure you that we will handle that procedurally and action is underway on that," he added.
The White House has said that sitting heads of government enjoy immunity from lawsuit from American courts while in the United States.
"Sitting heads of government enjoy personal inviability while in the United States which means they cannot be personally handed or delivered papers to begin the process of a lawsuit," said White House Spokesman Josh Earnest.
The MEA had earlier expressed its disappointment over the summons issued against Prime Minister Modi and termed the allegations to be baseless.
"The allegations in the case are baseless and similar to other such allegations made in the past against the Prime Minister. A Supreme Court of India-monitored investigation has comprehensively examined and dismissed these allegations as baseless," said Akbaruddin.
"This case is a frivolous and malicious attempt to distract attention from the visit of the Prime Minister to the United States General Assembly and a bilateral summit with the President of the United States," he added.
Prime Minister Modi, who is presently on a five-day visit to the U.S., is scheduled to address the 69th session of the UNGA and hold bilateral talks with President Barack Obama. (ANI)

Net direct tax collection at Rs 2.60 lakh crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

At Madison  Modi talks of Ganga  sanitation; promises lifetime visas forPIOsPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures while addressing the audience at Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 11:33 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:51 pm
India will lead 21st century world, Narendra Modi announces from Madison Sqaure
Addressing a rapturous crowd of NRIs here, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said that India will move forward with a fast pace and lead the 21st century world.
Click here to view picture gallery
At a unique event organised at Madison Square Garden in the heart of Manhattan some 20,000 cheering NRIs were present to listen to Modi.
Addressing the crow, Modi said that his big win in the Lok Sabha elections had come with a big responsibility for him which he would fulfil.
ALSO READ: Highlights of Narendra Modi’s speech
Listing out India’s advantages, the Prime Minister said that its three strengths were democracy, demographic dividend in which 65 per cent of its population was under 35 years, and the demand for India because it was a huge market.
Clearly with an eye on the younger generation, Modi said, “We will not do anything which will let you down.”
“My government will be 100 per cent successful in fulfilling the aspirations of the people,” he said, as the crowd repeatedly chanted ‘Modi-Modi’.
Dressed in saffron Nehru jacket and yellow kurta, the Prime Minister held the packed indoor stadium spellbound, asserting that “Our attempt is to make development a peoples’ movement.”
In his over hour-long speech in Hindi which he began with ‘Bharat Mata Ki Jai’ while extending greetings for Navratri festival, Modi promised good governance saying after a gap of 30 years India has got a government at the Centre with a clear majority.
He also took a jibe at poll predictions in the run up to the Lok Sabha elections. “No political pundit or opinion makers could fathom such a verdict,” he said.
Winning elections brought with it a big responsibility, he said. “Ever since I took up this task (as Prime Minister), I have not taken even a 15-minute vacation,” he said.
The Prime Minister said there was no need for any disillusionment. “India is going to march ahead at a very fast pace.”
“The 21st Century will be that of India. By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide work force to the world,” he said, while citing examples of growing global demand for nurses and teacher.”
He also said Americans nationals wanting to visit India for tourism purposes will get long-term visa.
“My effort is to make development a mass movement. I am confident is that we will succeed. There is cause for disappointment. This country is going to make rapid progress.
“There are many expectations from the new government. This government will be 100 percent successful in fulfilling the aspirations of people,” he said amid loud cheers by the around 20,000 people.
“My dream is to see every Indian family has a home by 2022,” he said.
By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide work force to the world, Modi said.

Chennai International AirportPrime Property: South India is the new hotspot
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
South India has overtaken Maharashtra and the National Capital Region (NCR) to emerge as the hottest destination for office space. Almost 50 percent of new office deals were struck in Chennai, Hyderabad and Bangalore in the first 9 months of 2014. That is according to international property consultants, CBRE.
New civil aviation MoS' priority: An int'l airport at Noida
Nov 12, 2014 at 21:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
It's his first day on the job, and Mahesh Sharma, the new minister of state for civil aviation, has hit the ground running. His first order of business has been to make a pitch for an international airport at Greater Noida
AAI, Pawan Hans to be listed; AI privatisation not now
Nov 10, 2014 at 12:42 | Source: PTI
AAI, a Miniratna Public Sector Enterprise, manages 125 airports across the country, including 11 International, 81 domestic and eight Customs Airports. It also manages 25 Civil Enclaves at Defence Airfields.
Kol, Chennai airports dropped off privatisation map: Source
Nov 06, 2014 at 13:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
"Kolkata and Chennai airports have already seen huge investments by the Airports Authority of India but continue to be poorly managed. In all likelihood, these two airports will not be on the PPP map," the source said.
Stocks in news: Hero Motocorp, IOB, Gail, DLF, TRF
Nov 05, 2014 at 08:08 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hero Motocorp| IOB| M&M| Bata India| Tata Global Beverages| DLF| Gail| Steel Strips Wheels| Infosys| Crompton Greaves| Biocon| KEC International| Thomas Cook| CEAT | Pantaloons Fashion| Berger Paints| BILT| TRF| Bank Of India and Hathway Cable are stocks, which are in news today.
DIAL allows extension for aeronautical tariff by AERA
Oct 20, 2014 at 10:29 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) has further extended charging of tariff fixed for Delhi International Airport Private Limited (DIAL) vide its order dated April 20, 2012, till January 31, 2015 or until final determination of tariffs for the second control period, whichever is earlier.
With seizures up, Indian gold smuggling loses its shine
Oct 17, 2014 at 12:37 | Source: Reuters
"Gold smuggling was highly profitable....but now with the drop in premiums and tight security, legal imports are increasing," said Milind Lanjewar, additional commissioner of customs intelligence at Mumbai international airport.
Devanahalli: India's upcoming realty destination
Oct 09, 2014 at 11:39 | Source: indiaproperty.com
Indiaproperty has come out with its report on Devanahalli location. Located at a distance of 35 kms from Bangalore,  Devanahalli houses the Kempegowda International Airport which is considered to be the second largest airport in the country.
Integrated fuel facility at Mumbai Airport gets CCI nod
Oct 01, 2014 at 16:51 | Source: PTI
Post execution of shareholding pact between them, each would have 25 percent stake in Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility Ltd, which is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mumbai International Airport.
Sole banker for Rs 500cr Cochin airport loan: Federal Bank
Oct 01, 2014 at 12:33 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Infra lending including power, road, rails for the bank is around 8-8.5% of the total loan book, which is around Rs 3,500 crore, said Shyam Srinivasan of Federal Bank.
Prime Property: South India is the new hotspot
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
South India has overtaken Maharashtra and the National Capital Region (NCR) to emerge as the hottest destination for office space. Almost 50 percent of new office deals were struck in Chennai, Hyderabad and Bangalore in the first 9 months of 2014. That is according to international property consultants, CBRE.
New civil aviation MoS' priority: An int'l airport at Noida
Nov 12, 2014 at 21:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
It's his first day on the job, and Mahesh Sharma, the new minister of state for civil aviation, has hit the ground running. His first order of business has been to make a pitch for an international airport at Greater Noida
AAI, Pawan Hans to be listed; AI privatisation not now
Nov 10, 2014 at 12:42 | Source: PTI
AAI, a Miniratna Public Sector Enterprise, manages 125 airports across the country, including 11 International, 81 domestic and eight Customs Airports. It also manages 25 Civil Enclaves at Defence Airfields.
Kol, Chennai airports dropped off privatisation map: Source
Nov 06, 2014 at 13:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
"Kolkata and Chennai airports have already seen huge investments by the Airports Authority of India but continue to be poorly managed. In all likelihood, these two airports will not be on the PPP map," the source said.
Stocks in news: Hero Motocorp, IOB, Gail, DLF, TRF
Nov 05, 2014 at 08:08 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hero Motocorp| IOB| M&M| Bata India| Tata Global Beverages| DLF| Gail| Steel Strips Wheels| Infosys| Crompton Greaves| Biocon| KEC International| Thomas Cook| CEAT | Pantaloons Fashion| Berger Paints| BILT| TRF| Bank Of India and Hathway Cable are stocks, which are in news today.
DIAL allows extension for aeronautical tariff by AERA
Oct 20, 2014 at 10:29 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) has further extended charging of tariff fixed for Delhi International Airport Private Limited (DIAL) vide its order dated April 20, 2012, till January 31, 2015 or until final determination of tariffs for the second control period, whichever is earlier.
With seizures up, Indian gold smuggling loses its shine
Oct 17, 2014 at 12:37 | Source: Reuters
"Gold smuggling was highly profitable....but now with the drop in premiums and tight security, legal imports are increasing," said Milind Lanjewar, additional commissioner of customs intelligence at Mumbai international airport.
Devanahalli: India's upcoming realty destination
Oct 09, 2014 at 11:39 | Source: indiaproperty.com
Indiaproperty has come out with its report on Devanahalli location. Located at a distance of 35 kms from Bangalore,  Devanahalli houses the Kempegowda International Airport which is considered to be the second largest airport in the country.
Integrated fuel facility at Mumbai Airport gets CCI nod
Oct 01, 2014 at 16:51 | Source: PTI
Post execution of shareholding pact between them, each would have 25 percent stake in Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility Ltd, which is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mumbai International Airport.
Sole banker for Rs 500cr Cochin airport loan: Federal Bank
Oct 01, 2014 at 12:33 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Infra lending including power, road, rails for the bank is around 8-8.5% of the total loan book, which is around Rs 3,500 crore, said Shyam Srinivasan of Federal Bank.
Videos »

In need of a new momentumUpdated: September 28, 2014 10:29 IST
In need of a new momentum
Rakesh Sood
India-United States
The Modi-Obama summit declaration can pick some of the low-hanging fruit by announcing new defence deals, setting up a new investment clearance window, easing U.S. visa norms and adding new dialogue forums, but this is not enough to address the current malaise
Next week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be continuing his summit-level diplomacy, this time westwards, in Washington. However, this is significantly different from his meetings with Japanese and Chinese leaders. Mr. Modi had visited Japan and China as Chief Minister of Gujarat and had engaged with both Prime Minister Shinzo¯ Abe and President Xi Jinping. But after 2002, the United States had made it clear that Mr. Modi was not welcome and his visa had been revoked, so this visit has a different symbolic value.
Pragmatism prevails
Both Mr. Obama and Mr. Modi have displayed pragmatism and political leadership in making this visit happen, and happen early. Mr. Obama’s phone call to Mr. Modi in May this year and the invitation to host him for a bilateral visit to Washington during the U.N. General Assembly session (something the U.S. is normally reluctant to do) reflected Mr. Obama’s desire to put the past behind, just as Mr. Modi’s magnanimity in accepting the invitation showed that he harboured no grudges towards the U.S. Both leaders also displayed leadership in overruling the naysayers in Washington and Delhi because they were guided by a larger vision and instinctively understood that “hurt pride” and “principled human rights positions” should yield to pragmatism and ground reality.
Both leaders can take comfort in the fact that during the past two decades, many of their predecessors had taken similar calls and chosen the pragmatic route. Prime Minister Narasimha Rao’s positive response to President George H.W. Bush’s suggestion to have bilateral discussions on “defence and strategic issues including threat perceptions” in 1992, was criticised in India (remember, those were the days when the U.S. was the sole superpower), but it reflected Narasimha Rao’s appreciation of a changed world, in which the Cold War was over and the USSR existed no more. Narasimha Rao knew that these issues had been the most divisive during the past, and that the process of discussions would be difficult and long-drawn. And he realised just how long-drawn it could be when he called off the nuclear tests he had planned in December of 1995! The bilateral discussions actually became a process of education for the interlocutors on both sides, familiarising them with different terminologies and an appreciation of each others’ diplomatic catchphrases and jargon.
The U.S. certainly took a more long-term view of these opening gambits; almost simultaneously came its first moves to enhance bilateral cooperation between the Defence Services (proposals by Gen. Kickleighter) that was gradually superseded in 1995 by the setting up of the Defence Policy Group, which, in turn, led to the Defence Framework Agreement in 2005 and the launch of the Defense Trade and Technology Initiative (DTTI) last year.
Leap forward
During the Narasimha Rao-Bush and the Narasimha Rao-early Clinton years, India and the U.S. worked together to bring the negotiations on the Chemical Weapons Convention to a successful conclusion while restricting Indian exports of dual-use chemicals, especially to the Gulf region, where chemical weapons had been used in the Iran-Iraq war. The Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty negotiations were launched, but differences on the scope of the treaty emerged by 1995 and a year later, India stepped out of the negotiations, citing national security concerns. The mid-1990s was a period of political change in Delhi (we had Prime Ministers H.D. Deve Gowda and I.K. Gujral for short periods each), while the Clinton administration was guided by the non-proliferation ayatollahs in Washington; the bilateral dialogue continued, but without forward movement.
The next phase was tumultuous. India’s nuclear tests in 1998 were followed by swift criticism and the imposition of sanctions by the U.S., but soon thereafter, Mr. Clinton and Mr. Vajpayee, both political leaders with great communication skills, quickly realised that a pragmatic way forward had to be found. They tasked trusted colleagues, Mr. Strobe Talbott and Mr. Jaswant Singh, who, over a dozen rounds of talks, cleared the way for highly successful summit-level visits in 2000. From “estranged democracies,” Mr. Vajpayee took a bold leap forward in September 2000, when he described India and the U.S. as “natural allies.”
Nuclear era
Though President George W. Bush was never able to fathom Mr. Vajpayee’s long silences, he carried forward Mr. Clinton’s legacy by launching the Next Steps in Strategic Partnership (NSSP) to build cooperation in the civilian space and non-military nuclear sectors, and step up high-technology trade. This meant getting many Indian defence, space and nuclear establishments off the U.S. “entities lists” and persuading the U.S. licensing authorities to have greater trust in Indian non-proliferation commitments. In 2005, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh struck a much warmer note with Mr. George W. Bush and built upon the Vajpayee initiatives when he described India and the U.S. as “strategic partners” and successfully concluded the bilateral “Nuclear Cooperation Agreement.” Piloting the Bill through Parliament was, according to Dr. Singh, one of his most important political achievements. The U.S. took the lead in getting India the waiver from the Nuclear Suppliers Group that has enabled us to sign nearly a dozen nuclear cooperation agreements in the last five years.
Undoubtedly, there were other factors at play: the growing influence of the Indian American community, the Y2K and the fillip it gave to the IT industry, 9/11 and the U.S.’s engagement in Afghanistan as well as its changing perception of a “rising China” all had a positive impact on bilateral relations. But at crucial moments, it was the political leadership that took charge. In recent years, India-U.S. relations have lost momentum. Mr. Obama and Dr. Singh started well in 2009 (Mr. Obama’s first banquet in the White House was for Dr. Singh) but the Congress party never fully backed Dr. Singh’s initiatives, and the U.S. was soon more preoccupied with the global economic slowdown.
During the last two decades, the relationship has gained both spread and content. Bilateral trade in goods has quadrupled in the last decade, while trade in services has grown by 600 per cent during the same period. Similarly, foreign direct investment (FDI) has also registered impressive rates of growth, though absolute numbers are modest. During the last decade, defence procurement contracts worth over $10 billion have been signed and at least another $2.5 billion are on the cards relating to ‘Apache’ and ‘Chinook’ helicopters. The U.S. remains the favoured destination for Indian students, with numbers exceeding 1,00,000 today. Clean energy, health care and urban infrastructure investment are other key sectors with enormous potential for future cooperation. In addition, several regional and multilateral issues can be expected to form the agenda for a summit-level meeting covering developments in Afghanistan, Iran, the Persian Gulf and West Asia, the U.S. rebalancing to Asia, counter-terrorism cooperation, counter-proliferation, Internet governance, surveillance and cybersecurity, and maritime security, among others.
Restoring political leadership
However, each one of these has problems associated with it. Access issues and intellectual property rights (IPR) affect trade in goods and cooperation in pharma, while visa and immigration impact prospects for Indian IT companies in the U.S. U.S. export control laws and restrictions on foreign direct investment (FDI) in the defence sector (now raised to 49 per cent) inhibit the transfer of technology by private U.S. companies. Civil nuclear cooperation hit a roadblock with the Indian Nuclear Liability Law, which needs to be resolved. The contours of the U.S. rebalancing to Asia remain unclear, while elements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA), currently under negotiation, exclude India. Talks on Afghanistan and counter-terrorism cooperation need to address Pakistan’s role more openly, especially now, when the U.S. ends its combat role and is seeking to bring about a reconciliation with the Taliban. U.S. interventionism in the Gulf region makes India wary and Internet governance and cyber security cooperation have to get around the mistrust generated by the disclosures about surveillance undertaken by the National Security Agency (NSA).
The existence of all these issues waiting to be tackled should be seen not as hurdles but a welcome reflection of the broadening sweep of the bilateral relationship. The Modi-Obama summit declaration can pick some of the low-hanging fruit by announcing new defence deals, setting up a new investment clearance window, easing U.S. visa norms and adding new dialogue forums, but this is not enough to address the current malaise. Both leaders need to appreciate that the relationship needs political guidance and nurturing, especially in a changing global environment where the potential for mutually beneficial cooperation can be immense. Without political leadership, the relationship is reduced to being transactional and issues tend to be seen from the prism of quid pro quo; with political vision and high-level guidance, the transactions become milestones in developing what Mr. Obama called “one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century” and realising Mr. Modi’s idea of making India and the U.S. “natural global partners.”
(Rakesh Sood, a former Ambassador, was the Prime Minister’s Special Envoy for Disarmament and Non-Proliferation till May 2014 and was closely involved with Indo-U.S. strategic dialogues from 1992 to 2004. E-mail: rakeshsood2001@yahoo.com)

Sebi notifies norms for realty investment trustsSebi notifies norms for realty investment trusts
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 26, 2014
First Published: 23:00 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:03 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Friday notified the final regulations for setting up real estate investment trusts (REITs) and infrastructure investment trusts (InvITs).
Sebi had already approved REITs and InvITs in August and the finance minister had proposed in the budget that they would get tax incentives. 
REITs are like mutual funds. While in mutual funds one invests in securities, in REITs, which can be listed, one invests in real estate assets, mainly leased office and retail spaces, and the income generated is distributed to unit holders.
REITs and InvITs will be required to make investments either directly or through special purpose vehicles.
Transparency also seems to be a key aspect of the Sebi regulations. The regulations state that every REIT will have valuation at least once a year and will have to declare their net asset values within 15 days of the valuation.
In case of InvITs, a listing will be mandatory for both publicly and privately placed trusts and the collective holding of sponsors of an InvIT has to be at least 25% for at least three years while listing. InvITs will also have to invest 80% in completed and revenue generating infrastructure projects, the rules state.
Real estate developers in India have been burdened with huge debts, and REITs will open up new avenue of generating cash for these companies.
“It’s a good decision at a time when the Prime Minister is visiting the US and is a good signal to US investors,” Credai chairman Lalit Jain said.
PWC India associate director Bhairav Dalal said this is an extremely positive move for the Indian capital markets. “It could free up some liquidity for large real estate and infrastructure players,” Dalal added.
According to real estate consultancy Cushman & Wakefield India’s REIT market could be worth $20 billion (`1.2, lakh crore) by 2020.
(With Agency inputs)

Modis US trip likely to set the tone for India investments by global cosModi’s US trip likely to set the tone for India investments by global cos
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 26, 2014
First Published: 23:12 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:28 IST(27/9/2014)
Comments
In 2010, US President Barack Obama arrived in India with the largest-ever delegation of Amercian business leaders to any country.
Four years later, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his maiden visit to the US, is set to hard-sell the story why India’s rising economy has never mattered more than before, as he seeks to reset business relationship between the world’s two largest democracies.
The fact that many global CEOs and top bankers of Wall Street have already met, or are expected to meet, Modi, is perhaps a sign of turnaround of India’s image as an investment destination.
While Indian-born Deutsche Bank co-CEO Anshu Jain called on Modi recently, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi are among those who are expected to meet Modi during his visit to the US.
Mary Barra, the global CEO of General Motors, the world’s second-largest carmaker by sales and chairman Tim Solso also met the Prime Minister recently.
The meetings with global CEOs and influential bankers are clear signs that investors view the Modi government’s commitment on reforms and easing business environment as serious intent.
Modi is expected to hold discussions on, and possibly extract commitments from top companies, on investing and financing infrastructure projects such as smart cities, solid waste management and the cleaning of the Ganga.
Analysts are keenly watching for cues on investment figures that US companies may commit during Modi’s visit to invest in Asia’s third-largest economy that is showing signs of clawing back from its deepest slump in a quarter of a century.
“So far the governments have taken a piecemeal approach — but there now appears to be serious effort by the Centre and some state governments to revive the manufacturing sector,” Chetan Ahya of Morgan Stanley said in a recent research report.
Modi is expected to make a strong sales pitch about India as an investment destination, similar to Thursday’s launch of the “Make in India” initiative.
“This initiative will not only help make India a manufacturing hub but also make India’s economic growth more inclusive. The Indian diaspora is excited at the potential ahead,” said Robinder Sachdev, director, India affairs, US India Political Action Committee (USINPAC).
In last two years, global investors have been unsparing in their criticism about complex rules and bureaucratic red tape that delay in investment decisions.
From a foreign investors’ darling to a slowing economy prone to risky policy flip-flops, the turnabout of India’s image has been as rapid as the sizzling growth it had once peaked during 2004-08. India ranks a lowly 134 out of 189 countries in the World Bank’s ease of doing business index in 2014.
It slipped three places from its 2013 rank.
There are, however, signs of a turnaround in India’s image.
“Indian politicians are fond of such grandiose announcements, but in Modi’s instance it may have some substance,” Glenn Levine, an economist with Moody’s Analytics, a subsidiary of the global rating agency Moody’s, said in recent report.
During his five-day visit to Japan, his first bilateral trip outside the sub-continent, Modi, who shares a warm personal chemistry with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe, managed to extract an FDI pledge of $35 billion spread over five years.
It is learnt that Modi will seek US technology and investments for setting up 100,000 MW each of solar and wind energy generation capacity in India over the next 10 years.
While industry leaders and analysts have long argued for pressing ahead with critical reforms, some of these need to be voted in law by Parliament, which may prove difficult hurdles to surmount.
Hiking the FDI ceiling to 49% from the current 26% in India’s rapidly-growing private insurance sector, a contemporary Direct Taxes Code and stitching together a common national market by rolling out the Goods and Services Tax or GST need legislative changes.

Govt to set up panel on new allocation strategyGovt to set up panel on new allocation strategy
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 26, 2014
First Published: 23:24 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:29 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
The government is planning to set up an inter-ministerial panel to decide the future course of action on the coal block permits that were cancelled by the Supreme Court earlier this week.
Sources said the committee is likely to be headed by additional secretary, coal, and may have representatives from the ministries including power and steel. “The coal ministry is considering setting up an inter-ministerial committee to decide the future course of action pertaining to blocks which have been deallocated,” the official sources said.
No further details could be obtained till the time of going to the press.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming it as “fatally flawed”, and allowed the Centre to take over operation of 42 such blocks that are functional.
The apex court said the beneficiaries of the illegal process “must suffer” the consequences and refused to show sympathy to private companies, which submitted that Rs. 2.87 lakh crore have been invested in 157 coal blocks and Rs. 4 lakh crore in end-use plants.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha said that the judgement was intended to correct the wrong done by the Centre over the years and to send a message to the government that natural resources do not belong to a few individuals to be frittered away.

Reliance Industries to create 1.25 lakh jobs in 12-15 monthsComments
Industry leaders, from both India and abroad, pledged their support to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Make in India” campaign and sought stable tax structure, labour law reforms and expeditious decision-making to make it a reality.
At a star-studded launch of the programme, attended by who’s who of the corporate world including Reliance Industries Ltd chairman Mukesh Ambani, Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry, Aditya Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla, ITC chairman YC Deveshwar among others, industry leaders said manufacturing would be critical to creating jobs and getting India back on the high growth path.
RIL announced plans to create 1,25,000 jobs in the next 12-15 months, “We have exports of over `2,75,000 crore to over 140 countries and our investments of over `1,80,000 crore are coming into fruition in the next 12-15 months. We would be creating be over 1,25,000 jobs in India in the next 12-15 months.”
“Our aspirations on the global manufacturing arena will be fulfilled if we address some  challenges on priority,” Cyrus Mistry said while addressing the
gathering.
A jam-packed central hall in Vigyan Bhawan witnessed unveiling of the “Make in India” logo and website as business leaders lauded the initiative.
“India has come to be known as the global IT hub and reservoir of intellectual capital. It’s high time that India becomes a preferred centre of choice for manufacturing for global companies,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla.
“Make In India is about the present and future, ‘Made’ is in the past...We commit ourselves to the ‘Make In India’ movement that was given to a billion Indians by our PM, said Ambani.
Emphasising that it was important for villages to stay connected to be a part of the growth story, RIL chairman said, “It is important to connect village clusters with international markets and not only domestic markets by building physical infrastructure and virtual infrastructure so that all our goods and services are connected to all markets.”
However, he also added to succeed in the campaign, India should be open to inflow of capital and expertise across the globe.
Stressing that manufacturing is key to India’s macro-economic stability,  ICICI Bank MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar said: “By creating India a manufacturing hub, we will increase our exports, so manufacturing is not just going to be a growth driver, a creator of jobs but also something that will strengthen the macro-economic stability of the country.”
Kenichi Ayukawa, MD of India’s largest auto-maker, Maruti Suzuki, said: “We have been able to implement Japanese work practices in India.” He did draw smiles from diplomats and bureaucrats when he mentioned that the company was able to export about 600,000 cars from India annually — despite problems in doing business in India — and a few whispers of “yesssss”.
 
“But if…hurdles were removed, India would then become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries globally,” he added.
Wipro chairman Azim Premji said, “There is a huge potential for manufacturing in India. We need to promote frugal and low-cost designs.”
Industry chambers  said the push to manufacturing  while create millions of new jobs. “We have embarked on the path for India to become a global manufacturing power,” said Sidharth Birla, president, Ficci.

No plan to take Hike overseas  India is a big mkt: Kavin MittalComments
He is the son of one of the most successful businessmen in India, but rather than join the family business, he chose to start from scratch. And Kavin Mittal, 27, son of Bharti Group chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal, dreams that his fledgeling enterprise, Hike Messenger app for smart phones, will eventually grow into as big a company as Airtel.
“We have a long way to go. But our goal is to get there one day,” Mittal told Hindustan Times. Hike is backed by Bharti Group, Japan’s Soft Bank and venture fund Tiger Global. “The learning curve will be high when you move out of your comfort zone,” he said, about striking out on his own.
Launched in December 2012, Hike has 35 million users and bagged $80 million (`490 crore) in investments. “We have a shot at becoming the first Indian internet company with 100 million users,” he said; maybe 18 months.
The learning curve includes the need for a deep pocket. “The $65 million (`400 crore) we raised last month will last us the next 18 months,” he said.
Profitability is a long way off. “We are far from (break even). We look at 5-10 years ahead. We are focusing on building strength now, as we see the $5 billion value-added service market in telecom shifting from voice to messaging,” he said.
As of now, Hike does not plan to go overseas as India is a big enough market. “Our model works very well for emerging markets. India itself is too big a market, but we are not opposed to going to other markets,” he added.

Make in India gets facilitation cell to guide investors‘Make in India’ gets facilitation cell to guide investors
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 26, 2014
First Published: 23:19 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:23 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
In a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Make in India” campaign, Invest India on Friday announced the setting up of a dedicated investor facilitation cell (IFC) at industry chamber Ficci. It will be the first point of reference for foreign investors and act as the primary support for all queries and provide handholding and liaisoning services.
The queries can now be addressed to and their responses accessed from the makeinindia.com website that was unveiled along with the campaign at a star-studded event on Thursday.
Invest India is a not-for-profit joint venture between the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, commerce ministry, state governments and Federation of
Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (Ficci).
IFC will function as a dedicated investment promotion agency (IPA) for attracting funds into the country in a structured manner. Nodal offices in economic ministries and state governments have been set up to support the IFC.
The team will have eight facilitators.
The IFC will provide all information/data analysis to investors across sectors; follow-up information/approvals from all departments/government agencies on behalf investors. It will also receive investors and provide them facilitation and handholding from the point of arrival to the point of departure.
The cell will interact with all states in a hub and spoke model and feeding the investors with state policies relating to land/labour/capital and investment.
IFC will also maintain a dynamic vibrant web-portal with all the policies and incentives of state governments and help fix meetings of investors with different departments and government agencies.
Modi’s “Make in India” campaign aims to put India prominently on the global manufacturing map and facilitate the inflow of new technology and capital, while creating millions of jobs.

SpiceJet COO Kapoor lashes out at AirAsia India on social mediaSpiceJet COO Kapoor lashes out at AirAsia India on social media
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 26, 2014
First Published: 23:30 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:36 IST(27/9/2014)
Comments
Twitter has become the favourite battleground for the chiefs of domestic airlines to hit out at rival carriers.
Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of budget carrier SpiceJet, on Friday took on AirAsia India in a series of tweets. Though Kapoor did not name the airline it was quite apparent who he was referring to.
AirAsia chief Tony Fernandes had on Thursday lashed out against Federation of Indian Airlines (FIA), a grouping of domestic carriers. He had said that AirAsia India wanted to become a member of FIA but wasn’t given membership.
“Interesting to see the new entrant foreign airline change strategy every month and claim full planes when loads in the low 70s,” tweeted Kapoor. “But then again back in July they claimed they were “sold out” for next two months, when a simple web check could prove that was false,” he said in a subsequent tweet.
AirAsia India did not offer comments for the story.
“You can’t learn the jack about a market by sitting inside your hotel room. You got to go out. Very true, if you are a foreigner,” Kapoor said in another message.
This is not the first time Kapoor has taken to Twitter to hit out at AirAsia India. “What is predatory, disruptive, dangerous? Offering Rs. 5 fares in peak season, and that too win 14 days of travel. Let us wait and watch. On a personal note, it would be amiss of me not to welcome the newest “Indian” airline to our domestic skies,” he had tweeted at the time of AirAsia India’s launch.

US business questions Modi s reform credentials ahead of visitUS business questions Modi's reform credentials ahead of visit
Reuters  Washington, September 26, 2014
First Published: 11:01 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:14 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
The US business lobby on Thursday questioned the reformist credentials of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on the eve of his visit to the United States in which he will encourage investment and declare India open for business.
The US Chamber of Commerce and 15 other US business associations representing sectors ranging from agriculture to movie making, pharmaceuticals and telecoms, called on President Barack Obama to press Modi to remove barriers to fair trade when the two leaders meet in Washington on Monday and Tuesday.
"Since taking office, Prime Minister Modi has declared India 'open for business' and promised to incentivize investment and 'give the world a favorable opportunity to trade with and produce in India,'" the Alliance for Fair Trade with India said in a letter to Obama.
"Thus far, however, the new Indian government has produced troubling policies of its own," the group said, adding: "These actions send perplexing and contradictory new signals about India's role in the global marketplace."
The letter highlighted India's blockage of a key World Trade Organization agreement reached in Bali last year, which overshadowed a July 30-Aug. 1 visit to India by US Secretary of State John Kerry.
The business alliance also complained about India's raised tariffs and "burdensome" new testing requirements on imported information and communication technology products.
US officials say the United States will press Modi to end the WTO blockage during his visit, something that could dampen the mood of a trip aimed at revitalizing a strategic relationship Washington sees as a key counterbalance in Asia to an increasingly assertive China.
Also on Thursday, US Congressional leaders dealing with trade and finance wrote to the US International Trade Commission calling for a second investigation into India's "unfair" trade practices, detailing any changes under Modi. They called for the ITC to deliver a report to Congress on Sept. 24, 2015, a statement said.
A report requested in August last year is due to be delivered to Congress on Dec 15 this year.
Stephen Ezell, senior trade policy analyst at the  Washington based Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, told a teleconference that Modi had taken some positive steps, including an easing of some restrictions on investment in the defense, insurance and railway sectors.
"However ... we've also seen the continuation of existing - and even the promulgation of some new - trade-distorting policies that do give us some pause," he said. Chris Moore, of the National Association of Manufacturers, said Modi and his administration were "saying positive things."
"But their actions tell a different story."
Patrick Kilbride, of the US Chamber of Commerce, welcomed the Indian government's plans to review the environment for intellectual property rights, but said it remained "very poor."
The chamber would take the pledges at face value, he said, but added: "Recent history has given us many reasons to be wary."
Modi is due to arrive in the United States on Friday for his first visit as prime minister and has meetings scheduled with 17 US corporate chiefs including those of Google, IBM, GE, Goldman Sachs and Boeing.
Analysts say maintaining a positive mood will be important during the visit, given that Modi was denied a US visa in 2005 after more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, were killed in riots in Gujarat.
There was no immediate comment from the Indian embassy in Washington on the letter from the US business lobby.

Australia to be Indias formal showcase for Make in IndiaAustralia to be India’s formal showcase for ‘Make in India’
M Rajendran , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 26, 2014
First Published: 00:43 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:48 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s formal launch of “Make in India” with emphasis on promoting manufacture of indigenous products and talent will be showcased in Australia.
Kalraj Mishra, minister for micro, small and medium enterprises, will invite more than 125 business honchos from Australia. As part of the “Make in India” campaign, the India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITPO)  will showcase the initiative at an event in Western Austarlia.
“It is an opportunity for India to take forward the “Make in India campaign,” Rita Menon, chairperson, India Trade promotion Organisation, told Hindustan Times.
Australian ministers along with 125 business leaders with interest in agriculture, mining, information technology and handicrafts, will hold parleys with 90 representatives of the MSME sector.
“India is the guest nation at the IGA Perth Royal Show that begins from September 27 to October 4. We expect some of the companies to set shop in a few sectors,” said Menon.
There are immense opportunities for bilateral cooperation in sectors including agriculture, energy, mining, IT services, tourism, automobile, research and development.
ITPO also plans to to set up a “Make in India” pavilion at every fair that is held at Pragati Maidan and its associates, the Chennai Trade Centre and Kolkata.
“There is a huge opportunity and ‘Make in India’ as a permanent feature at ITPO is being explored,” said Menon.

Don t panic after Bill Gross exitDon't panic after Bill Gross exit
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 26, 2014: 7:29 PM ET
 
Bill Gross leaves Pimco for Janus
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The bond king has left the building. Should investors run for the exits too?
Investors with money at Pimco are understandably queasy after legendary investor Bill Gross shocked the financial world by jumping ship on Friday.
Some are already yanking their cash from the $2 trillion pile that Pimco manages. Others may even follow Gross to Janus Capital ( JNS ) where he's poised to manage a new bond fund.
But Morningstar is warning investors to avoid overreacting.
"Now is the time to reassess, but not panic. Yes, Bill Gross -- one of the world's greatest living investors -- is leaving. But there's a deep bench behind him," said Scott Burns, global director of manager research at Morningstar.
Related: Pimco under investigation by SEC
Not telegraphed: It's clear Gross's departure caught many people off guard -- even the experts.
Morningstar placed all 50 rated Pimco funds under review on Friday to give it time to weigh the news.
"Fund managers leave but it's rare it happens at such a flagship like this. It's always better for investors when it's deliberate, planned and telegraphed," said Burns.
He said it's possible tens of billions, if not hundreds of billions in Pimco funds may leave the firm with Gross.
Of course, that's nothing new for Pimco, which has been rocked by 16 straight months of client outflows at its flagship Total Return fund. The Total Return fund is up 3.6% this year, but that's trailing its benchmark, according to Morningstar data.
Pimco's outflow problems weren't helped by the surprise departure earlier this year of former CEO Mohamed El-Erian. His exit triggered a wave of negative stories suggesting Gross's erratic behavior was to blame.
It's possible Pimco could benefit from fewer distractions now that Gross is gone.
Related: Mohamed El-Erian says take some money out of stocks
A successor named: The firm announced Friday afternoon that deputy chief investment officer Dan Ivascyn would take over after his boss's departure.
Ivascyn, who has been at Pimco since 1998, was named fixed-income fund manager of the year in 2013 by Morningstar. His title will be "group chief investment officer."
"As part of our responsibilities to our clients, employees and parent, Pimco has been developing a succession plan for some time to ensure that the firm is well prepared to manage a seamless leadership transition in its Portfolio Management team," said Douglas Hodge, one of the firm's co-CEOs, in a statement.
When El-Erian left, Ivascyn was one of two deptuy CIOs appointed in his place. Andrew Balls, the other deputy CIO, will be one of five CIOs for different groups within the company.
It's also worth remembering that Gross secured his reputation as a legend in finance after decades of success. The 70-year-old who founded Pimco back in 1971 isn't exactly a rising star anymore.
"One way or another, this was coming to an end," said Burns.
Related: Bill Gross blames media for Pimco troubles
Jump to Janus? Gross's arrival at Janus is already generating serious excitement. The asset manager's shares surged 38% on Friday as Wall Street bets the blockbuster news will translate to greater profits.
It's too early to say whether mutual investors should move their money to Janus. The release revealing the Gross move was short on details and the relatively young fund he's going to manage isn't even reviewed by Morningstar.
Nor is it clear what strategy Gross plans to implement at Janus. Investors should also beware of the transaction fees that go along with moving money from one fund manager to another.
"He's not even in the saddle yet," said Burns.
CNNMoney's Melvin Backman contributed to this report.
First Published: September 26, 2014: 4:27 PM ET
Most Popular

Top Obama Adviser Dismisses Media  Fake  Uproar Over  Latte SaluteTop Obama Adviser Dan Pfeiffer Dismisses 'Fake' Media Uproar Over 'Latte Salute'
Posted:
Updated:
09/25/2014  3:59 pm EDT
Dan Pfeiffer said no one in the media complaining about President Obama's latte salute "actually believes that this somehow indicates some disrespect." | NBC NewsWire via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK –- Dan Pfeiffer said Thursday that the president’s "latte salute," the Twitter-fueled media outrage of the week , epitomizes just "how fake the whole conversation" around politics can be.
Pfeiffer, a senior adviser to President Barack Obama and a longtime communications operative, said that "no one in the political sphere" trying to make a story out of the president greeting a couple of saluting Marines with a beverage in hand "actually believes that this somehow indicates some disrespect." (And for the record: Obama was drinking tea, not coffee.)
"It's just like, 'Here's a gotcha moment. We know it's not real,'" Pfeiffer said. "The Republican operatives who push around know it's not real. The press knows it's not real, but everyone's got to cover it and play the whole game."
Pfeiffer described the relationship between the press and the White House during an hourlong discussion Thursday morning with BuzzFeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith at a breakfast event attended by the site's staffers and a few outside reporters.
They talked about how both legacy news outlets and the White House have lost some degree of control in today's more fragmented media environment and how an image as seemingly benign as the president holding a cup, published by the White House's own Instagram account, can quickly go viral. Pfeiffer also addressed the coverage of race involving America's first black president, breaking through the unceasing news cycle, and what the White House gets out of Obama's off-the-record meetings with columnists.
One way for the White House to cut through the media clutter, Pfeiffer suggested, is by surprising the press. That was the case last year when Obama made an unexpected appearance in the White House briefing room and spoke passionately about his personal experience with racial bias just days after George Zimmerman was found not guilty in the killing of unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin.
Pfeiffer said that the lack of advance warning meant the president's talk would "pop on the Internet in a way it would not have otherwise." The strategy also prevented cable news hosts and pundits from pontificating for an hour beforehand about what the president might say and what it might mean, Pfeiffer said. The White House could "own the moment in a way before it felt old."
On race matters broadly, Smith mentioned an article last month by Vox’s Ezra Klein -- a writer Pfeiffer acknowledged the president reads regularly –- about how Obama didn’t give a similarly heartfelt speech following unrest over the police killing of unarmed teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri.
Pfeiffer said that it's both "harder and easier" for Obama to speak about race. It’s more difficult, he said, because Obama's comments on race come "with a whole host of political complications for the president" and are "covered in a different way than if someone else did it." But Obama’s the only U.S. president who could have spoken in such a way about the injustice many felt following the Zimmerman verdict, Pfeiffer said, and "has the most relevant, personal biographical understanding of what happened in Ferguson."
"I think that race is a complicated issue on its own, if it's a conversation happening at your dinner table," Pfeiffer said. "When it happens in the context of politics and then is covered by the political press, it gets even more complicated."
Dealing with the press is already far more complicated for the White House than it was a generation, or perhaps even a decade, ago. There once was a time when the White House had to be concerned with just a few broadcast networks, the major newspapers and the leading wire services, like the Associated Press. But the Internet disrupted everything, and the social media conversation now churns non-stop. These days, Pfeiffer said, the top legacy media outlets "can't set the agenda [the way] they did before."
Overall, Pfeiffer suggested, that's a good thing for the American public. For instance, he said, "if we had today's media in 2002, we would have had a very different discussion about the Iraq War." He said there would likely have been more skeptical viewpoints and greater pressure put on the Bush administration to back up its false claims that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.
The downside, he said, is that "sometimes things that are either incorrect or malicious or distracting can become part of the national narrative, because you lose, for good or ill, the policing of the major media outlets."
Washington reporters have been rankled at times by the Obama team’s strategy of often turning to nontraditional outlets, like the late-night talk shows and more celebrity-focused media. Pfeiffer said the White House isn’t trying to go around the press corps, the traditional media filter, but is looking to reach the public in a variety of ways. "It’s not an either/or; it’s an and/both strategy," he said.
The president sat down with "Meet the Press" moderator Chuck Todd for his first time as host, Pfeiffer said, because it was an opportunity to discuss major issues at a time when that conversation would get the most attention. He noted that Obama also sits down with influential columnists to get his views across.
The Huffington Post asked Pfeiffer about off-the-record White House meetings with influential columnists and commentators, the most recent of which took place just hours before Obama's primetime address on the escalation of the U.S. fight against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS.
Pfeiffer replied that one segment of the traditional media that’s only "grown more powerful, not less powerful," is opinion journalism. Now, he said, readers turn to opinion leaders on Twitter, their blogs or television -- and not just in print columns appearing days after a speech. "They have a lot of followers and they carry a lot of influence," he said.
It was significant, Pfeiffer said, when writer Andrew Sullivan and MSNBC host Chris Matthews -- two media figures presumed to be in the president’s corner on most issues –- criticized Obama's performance in the first 2012 election debate against Mitt Romney so harshly. He recalled fielding questions from journalists about how the pair appeared ready to "commit ritual suicide" online and on television.
"It will influence all the coverage of it," Pfeiffer said of opinion makers' first take on an event. "It is a sign to all the reporters who are writing at that moment -- Obama's speech was such a failure, even progressive Columnist X thought it was a failure.'"
"There is no time between the end of the speech and when someone opines on it to get to them," he added. "So you actually have to get to them before the speech to explain why it is you’re doing what you’re doing."
More:

Editorial: Capital outlook still poorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Banking on changesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: High Stakes gameE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Long View: Gross - fox or hedgehogBond market asks if Gross will turn out to be a fox or a hedgehog
By John Authers
Investors ask if he can repeat his skill at handling the bull market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/394a5c8e-4584-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should we stop moaningSeptember 26, 2014 4:41 pm
Should we stop moaning?
By Antonia Macaro and Julian Baggini
There is something therapeutic about having a mutual moan – ‘mutual’ being the operative word here
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fefd5ca-41e9-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to buy on a golf courseSeptember 26, 2014 3:18 pm
How buyers of golf properties can avoid getting stuck in a bunker
By Graham Norwood
The sport may be losing popularity in some countries but investors still have a range of options to stay on course
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f247c1c-3f2e-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The culinary art of pest controlAnother way to deal with garden pests – put them on the menu
By Jane Owen
Forget traps and poisons – here are some meal ideas using uninvited visitors, from rabbits to squirrels and snails
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e324b370-3f2c-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nalco to invest Rs 660 cr on 100 MW wind power plantNalco to invest Rs 660 cr on 100 MW wind power plant
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 28, 2014 08:31 PM IST
National Aluminium Company (Nalco), the navratna public sector undertaking under ministry of mines, plans to set up a 100 Mw wind power project with an investment of Rs 660 crore.
“The project will be set up shortly at a suitable location in India”, Ansuman Das, chairman cum managing director (CMD) of Nalco said at the company’s 33rd annual general meeting (AGM) here.
Selection of wind power developer is underway, he added.Nalco has already commissioned two wind power plants in Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan. The 50.4 Mw plant in Andhra Pradesh was commissioned in 2012-13 while the Rajasthan unit of 47.6 Mw, built at an investment of Rs  283 crore, was put to operation in January 2014. About 150 million units of electricity were generated from these two plants in 2013-14.
In Odisha, the aluminium major also plans to put up a 14 Mw wind power project in mined out area of its bauxite mines at Damanjodi.
The central PSU is also planning to set up a solar power plant at a suitable location in the country to meet its solar purchase obligation. To ensure viability of its second smelter and power complex proposed in Sundargarh district, Nalco is trying to secure a coal block.
The company posted net profit of Rs 642 crore during 2013-14 compared to Rs 593 crore in the previous year. It also achieved the highest ever metal exports in 2013-14. The export earnings stood at record Rs 3719 crore.
In the first quarter (April-June period) of 2014-15, Nalco has registered a net profit of Rs 271 crore which is higher by 58 per cent compared to the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.
Nalco has completed the commissioning activities for capacity upgradation of fourth stream of alumina refinery from 525,000 tonne to 700,000 tonne per year and of bauxite mines from 6.3 million tonne to 6.825 million tonne per year at an estimated cost of around Rs 400 crore.

Cong win in bypolls tells BJP it has to work to keep its promisesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CONFLICTS OF INTERESTGoldman Sachs Said to Prohibit Bankers From Buying Stocks
By Michael J. Moore 2014-09-27T04:00:03Z
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014 Close
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014
Close
Photographer: Ron Antonelli/Bloomberg
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) , the top adviser on corporate takeovers, is changing a policy addressing conflicts of interest to bar investment bankers from trading individual stocks and bonds, a person with direct knowledge of the matter said.
Employees at the New York-based firm were notified yesterday of the change, which takes effect immediately, said the person, who requested anonymity because the matter isn’t public. They also aren’t allowed to invest in activist or event-driven hedge funds , the person said. Previously, bankers needed approval before they could invest in individual stocks.
The change came on the same day that a former Federal Reserve Bank of New York examiner’s recordings of her ex-colleagues’ dealings with Goldman Sachs were featured in reports by public radio and ProPublica . The former examiner, Carmen Segarra, sued the New York Fed last year, alleging that she was fired in 2012 because she refused to change her finding that Goldman Sachs didn’t have a conflict-of-interest policy. Her case was dismissed in April and she’s appealing.
The radio program “This American Life” released a transcript of a broadcast that includes excerpts of conversations it said were secretly recorded by Segarra. In the transcript, Segarra described how she felt that her Fed colleagues handled Goldman Sachs with kid gloves.
“What I was sort of seeing and experiencing was this level of deference to the banks, this level of fear,” she said.
The New York Fed said it “categorically rejects” Segarra’s allegations.
Financial Safety
“The New York Fed works diligently to execute its supervisory authority in a manner that is most effective in promoting the safety and soundness of the financial institutions it is charged with supervising,” it said in a statement posted on its website.
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren , a Massachusetts Democrat, called for a congressional investigation into allegations that the New York Fed was too deferential to the institutions it regulated. Senator Sherrod Brown , an Ohio Democrat who’s also on the banking committee, backed Warren’s call for a probe.
In 2012, a Delaware judge rebuked Goldman Sachs over its “incomplete and inadequate” handling of a conflict of interest in pipeline operator Kinder Morgan Inc.’s $21.1 billion purchase of El Paso Corp., the investment bank’s biggest takeover assignment the previous year. Stephen D. Daniel, a former Goldman Sachs partner who was lead banker on the deal, failed to disclose ownership of about $340,000 in Kinder Morgan stock, the judge said.
Protecting Reputation
Yesterday’s change had been discussed for months and tightens a policy that was adjusted after the Kinder Morgan deal, the person said. The move is intended to reduce potential conflicts with clients and protect the firm’s reputation, the person said.
The new restrictions at Goldman Sachs also will apply to some employees outside of investment banking , including those who could have access to confidential information as part of their roles, the person said.
Spokesmen for Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and Morgan Stanley declined to comment on the policies at their companies. A spokesman for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) , the biggest U.S. bank by assets, didn’t respond to phone and e-mail messages sent after regular business hours.
The case is In re El Paso Corp. Shareholder Litigation, Consolidated 6949-CS, Delaware Chancery Court (Wilmington).
To contact the reporter on this story: Michael J. Moore in New York at mmoore55@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Peter Eichenbaum at peichenbaum@bloomberg.net Steven Crabill, Dan Reichl
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Revolution is not a cult of bomb and pistol: The Bhagat Singh you didnt knowComments
On this day, 107 years ago, a boy was born in Lyallpur district of the Punjab Province of British India (which now lies in Pakistan) who, along with a fellow freedom fighter, went on to blast two non-lethal bombs in the Parliament in 1929 to make the ‘deaf’ Englishmen ‘hear’ the demands of Indian independence and ‘awaken England from her dreams’.
On March 23, 1931, this young man, Bhagat Singh, along with two other revolutionaries—Shivaram Rajguru and Sukhdev Thapar—was hanged to death at the tender age of 23 after being convicted in the murder of John P. Saunders, an Assistant Superintendent of Police, in Lahore in 1928. The three bodies were disposed of in a great hurry and in an unprecedented manner.
In the mainstream historiography of India’s freedom struggle, which concentrates a lot on the Gandhi-Nehru-Congress narrative, not much has been written about the revolutionaries and their lives, apart from a few hagiographic tales of violent acts or suffering in Port Blair’s Cellular jail.
And this absence of detailed and well-structured writings has had its effect on the popular discourse about revolutionaries. In the nationalistic rhetoric of politicians across parties, mainstream cinema, various self-proclaimed patriotic websites and posts on social media, Bhagat Singh is often portrayed as a macho gun-toting freedom fighter who believed that violence is more effective a way of achieving independence from British rule than Gandhi’s non-violent means. That Bhagat Singh picked up the gun to kill a British police officer to avenge Lala Lajpat Rai’s death, and he threw bombs at Englishmen are emphasized a lot more than the thoughts and ideas guiding him. Such recurrent shallow descriptions completely overlook how mature a political thinker Bhagat Singh was.
“The significance of Bhagat Singh in the anti-colonial struggle was not because of his choice of violence as a method of resistance, as many including Gandhiji underlined, or his idealistic heroism for which he is rightly and universally admired. His real contribution lay in trying to formulate a revolutionary philosophy and a course of action, taking into account the travails of colonial subjection, on the one hand and the character of internal exploitation, on the other,” writes noted Marxist historian KN Panikkar in the Frontline .
A closer introspection into the life of Bhagat Singh reveals that there exists a narrative that is completely different from what mainstream historiography tells us about the revolutionist and his acts. A study of Bhagat Singh’s jail notebooks, letters written by him, statements he issued in the court, his essay on atheism, Why I am an atheist, reveal that there is a lot more to Bhagat Singh than his acts of murdering someone or throwing a bomb.
Bipan Chandra, the celebrated historian who passed away recently, notes in his book India's Struggle for Independence, 1857-1947, “Bhagat Singh and his comrades also made a major advance in broadening the scope and definition of revolution. Revolution was no longer associated with mere militancy or violence…it must go beyond and work for a new socialist order, it must ‘end exploitation of man by man’.”
Bhagat Singh was one of the foremost socialist thinkers of the country—someone who argued that the country’s independence from the British rule would be truly effective if and when the issues of class struggle are taken care of. In the short life that he lived, Bhagat Singh transformed himself from an action-oriented teenage revolutionary to a rational, socialist and democratic thinker with an egalitarian view of society.
In fact, in his last message from jail dated March 3, 1931, he said, “…the struggle in India would continue so long as a handful of exploiters go on exploiting the labour of the common people for their own ends. It matters little whether these exploiters are purely British capitalists, or British and Indians in alliance, or even purely Indians.”
Another striking aspect of Bhagat Singh which sets him wide apart from other revolutionaries is that in retrospection of his acts of violence, he realised the futility of attempts at mere armed struggles without a political ideology propelling the fighters.
In a note written to young political workers of the country, Bhagat Singh wrote, “Let me announce with all the strength at my command, that I am not a terrorist and I never was, expect perhaps in the beginning of my revolutionary career. And I am convinced that we cannot gain anything through those methods.”
On revolution itself, Bhagat Singh wrote during his trial, “Revolution did not necessarily involve sanguinary strife. It was not a cult of bomb and pistol. They may sometimes be mere means for its achievement. No doubt they play a prominent part in some movements, but they do not –for that very reason –become one and the same thing. A rebellion is not a revolution. It may ultimately lead to that end.”
Moreover, renowned intellectual and historian Irfan Habib, who wrote the book To Make the Deaf Hear: Ideology and Programme of Bhagat Singh and His Comrades, writes that Bhagat Singh had written considerably, among other topics, on issues of untouchability and communalism as early as in 1928. 
“In speaking of the relationship of past and present we seldom stop to think of how much of our present hangs on what we assume to be the actual past,” writes historian Romila Thapar in her latest book The Past as Present. At a time when a Hindu-right government rules the country, Maoist movements are widespread, and social inequality rules the roost, a detailed study of Bhagat Singh’s egalitarian ideologies, anti-communal stand and his indomitable fight to remove inequality might hold the key for better times.
 
Reference:
Bhagat Singh’s letters and notebook writings are available on www.shahidbhagatsingh.org and in the book, The Jail Notebook and Other Writings published by Left Word Books.

SoftBank targets DreamWorks AnimationSoftBank in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5f624f4-46bf-11e4-8820-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New device  nozzle  reduces aircraft noiseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Allianz promises not to sell PimcoPimco says ‘vast majority’ of clients are sticking with it
By Tom Braithwaite in New York and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2405e344-46ff-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda assets up from Rs 3 cr to Rs 9 cr  Gopal Kanda has Rs 114 cr; Savitri Jindal s up 159%Home
Economy
CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda assets up from Rs 3 cr to Rs 9 cr, Gopal Kanda has Rs 114 cr; Savitri Jindal's up 159%
PTI | Chandigarh | Updated:  Sep 28 2014, 18:53  IST
Sep 28 2014, 18:53  IST
 

Michael Browns family skeptical that local prosecutor will dole out justiceBy Wesley Lowery September 27 Follow @WesleyLowery
Michael Brown Sr. and Lesley McSpadden are the parents of Michael Brown. (Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post)
The parents of slain 18-year-old Michael Brown said Saturday that, almost two months after his shooting, they remain deeply skeptical that they will receive justice for their son through the local prosecutor, and they have more faith in the federal probe into the circumstances surrounding his death.
Members of Brown’s family said they have still had almost no interaction with the Ferguson Police Department or St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch.
Two days after Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson released a video apologizing to the family for the fact that Brown’s body lay in the street for several hours after he was shot on Aug. 9, Brown’s parents said they have not watched it.
“I haven’t seen the apology,” said Michael Brown Sr., during a broad and at-times emotional interview with several members of the family and their attorneys at The Washington Post on Saturday.
“For me, I’ve seen … another interview that he’s done,” said Lesley McSpadden, Brown’s mother, when asked about Jackson’s apology. “And it just comes off very incompetent.”
The parents of Michael Brown, the black teenager fatally shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., visited Washington to ask the federal government to take over the criminal investigation of his death. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post)
In the two months since Brown was shot and killed by Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson, Mo., his parents have been vocal in their demands for more information about the shooting – during which their son, who was unarmed, was shot multiple times by the white officer – as well as for McCulloch, who is distrusted by many in Ferguson’s black community, to step aside.
McCulloch has repeatedly insisted that he will not step aside , and has proceeded with grand jury proceedings – undertaking an unorthodox method in which his office’s prosecutors are not recommending any specific charges and rather are presenting all facts to the grand jury members and allowing them to independently determine what if any charges to pursue against Wilson.
“They’re not trying to prosecute, they don’t want to indict him.” said Benjamin Crump, the family’s lead attorney. “They are doing everything they can not to indict him.”
But while they said they are still deeply skeptical of the likelihood that Wilson will be indicted by the grand jury, the Brown family and their attorneys remain encouraged by the Justice Department conducting multiple probes related to the case – one into the shooting and a second into the Ferguson Police Department more broadly.
“The family has been fighting for justice, they weren’t fighting for an apology,” Crump said. But he and partner Daryl Parks said that the family may receive justice for their son through the federal probe currently being conducted into the shooting. He later added, “The attorney general meeting with the parents … was encouraging.”
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. traveled to Ferguson and met with Brown’s mother and assured the family that the Justice Department would conduct a fair and extensive probe. Since that August meeting, Holder has referenced the shooting and the ongoing clashes between police officers and protesters in Ferguson during multiple speeches and public appearances.
On Thursday, Holder announced that he is resigning as attorney general, which worried some supporters of the Brown family that the Justice probe might lose focus or get sidetrack as the department undergoes a shift from Holder to whomever its next leader is. But the Browns said Holder vowed to bring them a fair federal investigation, and that they trust him to be true to his word even as he transitions out of office.
“It was a parent talking to another parent in consoling our feelings,” McSpadden said of her initial meeting with Holder. “He did reassure me that it would be fair and transparent. … I do feel a way about him resigning, but I don’t feel like he’s going to exit and not do what he set out to do.”
The Browns were in Washington for meetings with lawmakers during the Congressional Black Caucus’s annual conference , lobbying for legislation that would require police officers to wear body cameras while on duty. That push comes as civil rights groups, including the NAACP, have seized on the Brown case and several other prominent police shootings this summer to renew their decades-long push for legislation to address racial profiling in law enforcement.
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

Francis Fukuyamas Political Order and Political DecaySeptember 26, 2014 12:51 pm
Francis Fukuyama’s ‘Political Order and Political Decay’
By David Runciman
The triumph of liberal freedoms looks far from assured in this grand survey of political change since the Industrial Revolution – and the US is no exception
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67b8f490-4269-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1t8e4TsQuiz: What kind of car should you really drive?
Find the best set of wheels for your lifestyle with this quiz from USA TODAY Network.
Post to Facebook
Quiz: What kind of car should you really drive? Find the best set of wheels for your lifestyle with this quiz from USA TODAY Network. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1srh17l
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Quiz: What kind of car should you really drive?
1989 CONNECT 42 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Do you like the wind in your or hair, or is a minivan more your speed? Take this quiz from USA TODAY Network to find the best set of wheels for your lifestyle.
Follow @lagrisham , @JolieLeeDC and @eleanor_mueller on Twitter.
More:

Uber takes to drink to win new customersUber takes to drink to win customers with contactless technology
By Daniel Thomas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c428c1fc-457e-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of Cyprus prepares for shake-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6641099c-4721-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hurricanes in semis after a hat-trick of winsHurricanes enter CLT20 semifinal with strong show
CLT20, GAME 16 -- Barbados bowled out for 113.
By Rachna Shetty | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Hobart Hurricanes 117 for 4 (Malik 39*, Hosein 2-25) beat Barbados Tridents 113 (Carter 42, Doherty 4-27) by six wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Doherty: 4-27.
Another disciplined effort from Hobart Hurricanes' bowlers put the side in the Champions League T20 semi-finals, with a six-wicket win over Barbados Tridents. Tridents' score of 113 was the lowest by a side batting first in a full game in this Champions League and although they fought back well with the ball, Shoaib Malik 's unbeaten 39 kept the reins of the chase firmly with Hurricanes on a sluggish pitch.
Given their recent run of high scores and relative knowledge of the conditions in Mohali, Tridents captain Rayad Emrit had hoped his side would not struggle too much on a new pitch. However, the tinges of green on the track did not make the ball come on to the bat faster.
Ben Hilfenhaus found some early swing to work in his favour and both he and Doug Bollinger mixed up length and full-pitched deliveries with the occasional short ball, and that brought them early wickets.
The slower bowlers then built on that platform, capitalising on the fact that the ball appeared to come a touch slower off the pitch. Xavier Doherty struck with the first ball he bowled, getting rid of James Franklin , and as the scoring rate was stifled, Tridents had just Jonathan Carter in the middle to steer the innings.
The batsman, who had struck a brisk century in his last match, had a quiet start before opening up to cart sixes and fours off Malik, Doherty and Bollinger in successive overs. Doherty, however, got his wicket as the innings moved into its last phase, draining all momentum.
Had Carter stayed at the crease for a little longer, Tridents would have had a more competitive total to defend but the bowlers fought scrappily despite the low score. Hurricanes' reply, by any stretch, was not a smooth batting effort but Tridents contributed to their own problems by dropping chances. Aiden Blizzard had two reprieves off an accurate Ravi Rampaul while Tim Paine had one - had those been taken, the target of 114 would have looked tougher for the Australian side.
In the midst of this, Malik's innings stood out for his composure and skill at manoeuvring the ball. The risky shots were eschewed, but he found the singles and twos easily, eventually closing the match out with successive fours in the 19th over.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Shashi Tharoor praises Modi s UN speech  says good reply to PakistanOct 01, 2014 at  03:58pm IST
Shashi Tharoor praises Modi's UN speech, says good reply to Pakistan
61
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at the United Nations drew applause from Congress spokesperson Shashi Tharoor on Sunday.
"Strong speech by @PMOIndia at #UNGA2014. Soaring internationalism,  support for democracy & environment, anti-terrorism. Good reply to Pak," Tharoor said on Twitter.
At the same time, the former Minister for State for External Affairs said it was unfortunate for an Indian Prime Minister to "refer to Pakistan Occupied Kashmir as Pakistan".
The former Minister for State for External Affairs said it was unfortunate for an Indian Prime Minister to "refer to Pakistan Occupied Kashmir as Pakistan".
#shashi tharoor #modi #narendra modi #pakistan
"Risk of extempore speech: in foreign affairs it helps to be tightly scripted. Referring to PoK as 'Pakistan' unfortunate for an Indian PM," Tharoor said in another tweet.
Hitting out at Pakistan for raking up the Kashmir issue at the UN, the Prime Minister had yesterday offered to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue "without the shadow of terrrorism" while asking it to create an "appropriate environment" for that.
In a clear rebuff to his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif, who had insisted on a plebiscite in Kashmir, Modi had said, "Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries."
In the speech, the Prime Minister had said, "As we are rendering service to flood victims in Kashmir, we had also placed a proposal for serving the flood victims in Pakistan as well."
This is not the first time that Tharoor, who is a party spokesperson, has praised Modi.
In June, Congress had distanced itself from Tharoor's praise of Modi that had appeared on a US news website in which he had, among other things, also remarked that Modi was looking to turn himself from a "hate figure into an avatar of modernity and progress".
While the party had then described the remarks as Tharoor's "personal views" emphasising that it was too early to comment on the functioning of the government, Tharoor had later said he was "intrigued" by the fact that the paraphrases of his piece seen in the Indian media looks like people don't actually read every word and every nuance.

Buoyed by bypoll show  Mulayam in no mood to join old JanataParivarPrint
Written by Amit Sharma | Meerut | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:49 am
Former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala and Rashtriya Lok Dal leader Ajit Singh’s are leaving no stone unturned to make Samajwadi Party and the “Janata Parivar” share a common platform to fight the BJP, but SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav seems in no mood to play ball.
Mulayam did not attend the function organised to mark the birth anniversary of former deputy PM and Chautala’s father Chaudhary Devi Lal on September 24 at Jind in Haryana despite being invited. He is also expected to skip Kisan Swabhiman rally scheduled on Delhi-Hardwar highway at Partapur in Meerut on October 12.
The rally is being organised to put pressure on the NDA government to declare the erstwhile government bungalow of Ajit singh at Tughlaq road in New Delhi a memorial in the name of his father and former Prime Minister Chaudhary Charan Singh.
“We have received confirmations from the offices of Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Odissa CM Naveen Patnaik, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and others for the upcoming rally, but have not received any communication from the SP office regarding Mulayam Singh’s participation,” said RLD spokesperson Mukesh Jain.
SP leaders have claimed that the party got substantial votes of the Jat community in west UP during recently held byelections to 11 Assembly seats, leaving ‘Netaji’ confident that they do not need an alliance with the RLD to secure the support of their traditional vote bank.
“Ajit Singh is on a ventilator and is struggling hard for his political survival. He is trying to get support of the SP not only for the Mission 2017 in Uttar Pradesh but also for securing a seat in the Rajya Sabha with support of the ruling party in the state. A few seats of the Upper House are getting vacated in November and Ajit will be falling short of the magic figure with support of the Congress,” Gopal Agarwal,a veteran SP leader and also the state chief of the party’s trader cell, told The Indian Express.

A delicate  diplomaticdancePrint
Xi’s visit reflects the Chinese leader’s desire to seize the opportunity occasioned by Modi’s emphatic victory to improve Sino-Indian relations.
Written by Vincent Wei Cheng Wang | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:48 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 8:01 am
The Xi-Modi interaction marks the first step towards dynamic India-China ties.
Riding on his historic election victory premised on revitalising India’s economy, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spent a very busy month of September on diplomacy.
In early September, he visited Japan, building a personal rapport with Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and strengthening the economic and security ties between India and Japan. Both Modi and Abe have been called “nationalists” who understand the links between their nations’ domestic economic strengths and external power and prestige.
Then he received China’s president and Communist Party of China’s General Secretary, Xi Jinping, who visited India between September 17 and 19. Modi also sought to build a personal relationship with Xi, by inviting him to celebrate his birthday in Gujarat. Modi has now embarked on a visit to the United States to meet with US President Barack Obama, congressional leaders, and the Indian-American community.
A recent New York Times editorial cartoon likens Modi to the dancing Shiva, simultaneously engaging Japan and the US, while also reaching out to Xi, who is carrying a suitcase (symbolising business opportunities). This flurry of diplomatic moves may help shed light on the Modi administration’s global aspirations and define the complex geostrategic and economic landscape of Asia-Pacific for years to come. Of these complex moves, the Indo-Chinese dance deserves the closest attention.
Despite the slogan, “Hindi-Chini bhai-bhai”, avidly promoted in the early 1950s by the then prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, the Indo-Chinese relationship has been a complex affair. The unresolved territorial disputes, the long shadow cast by the 1962 war, China’s relationship with Pakistan and other countries in South Asia surrounding India, India’s support of the Dalai Lama, both countries’ geopolitical aspirations and quest for energy to fuel their economic growth all point to a competitive relationship, or even an emerging rivalry that could involve other major powers. In this regard, Modi’s complex diplomatic dance can be seen as attempts to shore up India’s position vis-à-vis China’s.
Yet, both countries also often talk about a “Chindia” (more often from the Indian side) that is built on perceived “natural complementarity” between the two economies, purported affinity between two ancient civilisations, and common desire to play more significant roles in a global order that was defined by the West and is perceived to continue reflecting Western dominance. On this count, Xi’s visit helped rekindle the prospect of “Chindia”.
Ever since Modi was elected, the Chinese government has been sending high-ranking officials (in words or in person) — first, Premier Li Keqiang, then, Foreign Minister Wang Yi, and now, Xi — to meet with the new leader. This courtship reflects the Chinese leader’s desire to seize the opportunity occasioned by Modi’s decisive victory to improve Sino-Indian continued…
The Xi-Modi interaction marks the first step towards dynamic India-China ties

Opportunities in acrisisCaptive end-users mining coal is not optimal. Nor is it known to have succeeded elsewhere. Coal-mining has its own challenges and needs core competence, which the end-users are unlikely to possess. Source: CR Sasikumar
Written by Partha Bhattacharyya | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:48 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 7:56 am
The Supreme Court verdict provides scope for largescale and speedy reforms in the coal sector.
After the long-awaited verdict, all coal blocks allotted since 1993, declared “illegal” by the Supreme Court on August 25, stand cancelled, except for a few allotted to PSUs and to UMPPs (ultra mega power projects) through the tendering route. For the 40 operating mines, a transition time of six months has been allowed to make alternative arrangements for sustaining production before the cancellation becomes effective on the ground.
At stake is the production from the operating mines of roughly 38 million tonnes, besides the production expected in the near term from another six coal blocks that had received most of the clearances. In the medium and long terms, some of the other allotted blocks could also have come into the production phase. Nevertheless, the time taken by the captive end-users to bring the blocks into production has been inordinately long. As per estimates made at the beginning of the 11th Plan (2007-08), coal production from these blocks was expected to reach 111 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) by 2011-12 and 330 mtpa by 2016-17. But production languishes at 38 mtpa at present.
Captive end-users mining coal is not optimal. Nor is it known to have succeeded elsewhere in the world. Coal-mining has its own challenges and needs core competence, which the end-users are unlikely to possess. Moreover, the mining of coal by end-users requires reserves to be artificially subdivided into small blocks to meet their individual demand. In the process, a huge quantity of coal is left out for creating barriers, which otherwise could have been mined out.
The allocation of coal blocks to end-users, though suboptimal, was necessitated by the inability to open up the coal sector for largescale commercial mining. The enabling statutory provision, a bill to repeal the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, introduced in the Rajya Sabha in 2000, could not be passed for various reasons. The weak balance sheet of Coal India Ltd (CIL) was also a serious concern. Conditions are vastly different today. CIL has emerged as the largest coal miner globally, with a strong balance sheet and is also a low-cost producer of opencast coal.
In other words, the time is ripe for largescale reforms in the coal sector. The latest verdict of the apex court could be viewed,  in this context, as an excellent opportunity to fast track  the reforms.
As a first step, the fully and largely explored cancelled blocks should be merged to create larger blocks, separated by natural boundaries instead of coal continued…

Panel seeks more rights for women in familylawsThe committee, headed by former Panjab University professor Pam Rajput, was set up by the previous UPA government, but it submitted the report to WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi only a few days ago.
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:47 am
The Ministry of Women and Child Development is considering recommendations of a panel that has suggested for redefining adultery that treats wife as a man’s “property”, a fresh look at term “cruelty” under the Hindu Marriage Act as it is currently based on patriarchal notions of a woman’s behaviour, and doing away with the concept of an “illegitimate” child.
The committee has also pitched for mandatory payment of maintenance to wife and children in the event of separation or divorce, doing away with the clause that it can be stopped if the woman was “unchaste” or had refused to stay with her husband. The panel has also pushed for giving woman more rights under the Hindu Succession Act.
The committee, headed by former Panjab University professor Pam Rajput, was set up by the previous UPA government, but it submitted the report to WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi only a few days ago. The panel has also called for separate law to fight “honour” killings, beside suggesting changes in the Muslim and the Christian family laws as they are loaded against women.
It recommended a complete ban on the practice of “oral, unilateral and triple talaaq (divorce)” and polygamy.
In its assessment of family and succession laws, the committee has said that not only married women, but also those in “live-in relationships which are in the nature of marriage” should be eligible to it. In case of separation, the panel suggested, “Provision which allows maintenance to be stopped if a woman has been unchaste or has refused to live with her husband should be deleted.” All relevant laws should be amended to declare the mother as a “natural guardian” of the child along with the father when a child’s custody has to be decided, the report said.
On the matter of devolution of a property owned by a woman, the committee said that appropriate changes should be made in Sections 15 and 16 of the Hindu Succession Act so that in absence of her husband and children, the property goes to her parents or her parents’ heirs/siblings instead of relatives of her husband.
The committee, in its recommendation, said, “Section 16 (of the Hindu Marriage Act) should be amended to include all children born outside wedlock and not only children of void and voidable marriages. Further the term ‘illegitimate’ should not be used in any statute of document.” The section deals with the legitimacy of children and the recommendation if accepted would mean that the marital status of parents would not have any bearing on the legal status of an offspring continued…

11 yrs after family died of starvation  Jharkhand youth succumbs tohungerWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:42 am
In 2003, seven officials were suspended after an adivasi couple and their daughter died of starvation.
On Thursday, in Ramgarh district’s Gola block, the couple’s 18-year-old son apparently succumbed to the same.
Kamlesh Munda was found dead on a cot in his house on Thursday.
The district administration maintains that he died of an epileptic attack but his 16-year-old brother said the attack followed a period of undernourishment.
“The cause of death was epilepsy. However, the additional collector is conducting an inquiry. Apart from the him, the sub-divisional officer and the director of the district rural development agency have already visited the village,” said Ramgarh Deputy Commissioner Abu Imran.
The death of Kamlesh’s kin had caused a storm in December, 2003, after seven officials were suspended and the high court observed that no schemes had been made available to the family.
After the deaths, the government had admitted Kamlesh and his younger brother Sunil to a residential school run by the Social Welfare department.
However, both failed to clear their Class X exams and were sent home.
“Kamlesh had to stay at home because of his epilepsy while I worked in a hotel as a labourer,” Sunil told a news channel.
He claimed they had not received any help from the government. “Kamlesh had been ill since August 3. We do not receive any foodgrains,” he alleged.
The district collector, meanwhile, said that 40-50 kg of rice had
been delivered to the family in September. “The state never accepts starvation deaths…But what we have to remember is the death is usually brought on by undernourishment,” said Balram, who had prepared a report on the 2003 deaths, for SC commissioners.
Former chief secretary Sajal Chakravarty, who had visited the village in 2004 as the relief and rehabilitation commissioner, said the deaths had been caused by the absence of government schemes coupled with “a lack of human contact”.
“None of the government schemes had reached the family. The father was not even old. At the same time, I vividly remember the village had a standing crop at the time. Only if someone helped out their neighbours,” he said.

Ex-advocate general had advised Orissa against minesauctionPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:39 am
Ashok Mohanty, former advocate general of Orissa arrested by the CBI for his alleged links with a chit fund scam accused, had suggested the state government last year against auction of mines, arguing that such a move would be contrary to the relevant law in this regard.
The details about Mohanty’s suggestions has emerged days after the Supreme Court in a landmark order on Wednesday had quashed allocations of 214 out of 218 coal blocks in the country, noting that such allotments without auction were “illegal and arbitrary”.
The then top law officer of the state in a note dated May 22, 2013 had advised the government that its proposal of auction of mines would not stand judicial scrutiny as it does not comply with the Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation Act.
As per the government documents, accessed by The Indian Express, last year the then steel and mines secretary Rajesh Verma had proposed a priority list while granting mining lease through auctions to companies which have set up plants but were facing problems due to lack of supply of ore. The proposal was a part of the draft policy for “special reasons” under section 11(5) of MMDR Act.
Citing the SC judgement on the 2G allocation scam, which recommended auction route for scarce resources, Verma proposed that mineral resources be put up for auction among those who have set up value-based industries or have planned to set up such units in a definite timeframe.
When the proposal for auction was referred to Mohanty for his opinion, he commented that the Orissa mines secretary has been swayed by the judgement in the 2G case and the advisory opinion of the Supreme Court.
“It is suffice to say that an elaborate mode has been prescribed under the MMDR Act for grant of reconnaissance permit, prospecting licence or mining lease, as the case may be, I am of the considered opinion that public auction as suggested by the steel and mines secretary will run contrary to the scheme of the Act and Rules and will not stand judicial scrutiny in case the mode is resorted to for grant of mining lease,” Mohanty wrote.
In a subsequent note dated June 1, 2013, Verma had asked his officials to analyse the AG’s opinion as well as the judgment of Supreme Court in Karnataka mining case, where principle of auction of mines was introduced in case of Category C mines in the state. The policy is yet to be made final.
The CAG in July this year had criticised the state government for its inability to frame a mineral policy of its own and pointed out large scale irregularities in the mineral sector.
Mohanty on Monday was arrested by the CBI for allegedly abusing his official position, misappropriating funds of chit fund firm Artha Tatwa and links with its chairman Pradeep Sethy.

How ISIS Is Using Us to Get What It Wantsreddit
"O crusaders, you have realized the threat of the Islamic State, but you have not become aware of the cure, and you will not discover the cure because there is no cure. If you fight it, it becomes stronger and tougher. If you leave it alone, it grows and expands... So mobilize your forces, O crusaders. Mobilize your forces, roar with thunder, threaten whom you want, plot, arm your troops, prepare yourselves, strike, kill, and destroy us. [Yet] this will not avail you. You will be defeated " -- Islamic State spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani's latest statement in response to U.S. President Barack Obama.
"Everyone it seems, is seeking to use ISIS for its own ends."
Everyone it seems, is seeking to use ISIS for its own ends. Raghida Dergham, senior diplomatic correspondent for Al-Hayat, writes of the serious outbreak of schizophrenia that has struck the Gulf in regards to what it wants from the United States: "What is remarkable... is the sudden candor in expressing radical differences, for example between the fact that Gulf governments have characterized the ISIS threat as an 'existential' one, and the fact that a large segment of the public sympathizes with ISIS and its motives, and sees it as something necessary in the balance of power and the balance of terror."
"The Gulf," she continues, primarily sees ISIS as "a necessary instrument to confront the Islamic Republic of Iran and its regional ambitions, especially in the war in Syria" -- and not as terrorists.
The Gulf governments' tepid "dive" into this new "war" -- in contrast to their rhetoric -- may be judged by the scale of their contribution to the start of the air campaign in Syria: Four F-16 fighter jets from Saudi Arabia, four warplanes from the UAE, two from Bahrain, and one Mirage jet from Qatar "which did not drop any bombs, or take an 'active part' in the attack."
And just as "the Gulf' wishes to leverage the "war" primarily against President Assad, Russia and Iran , by contrast, insist in doing the converse: they want President Obama to leverage the "war" precisely (and only) at ISIS in Syria and Iraq. Indeed Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov has encouraged U.S. air attacks on ISIS in Syria, but with the proviso that they are indeed targeted on ISIS -- and not the government -- and are directly or indirectly coordinated with Damascus.
And in response to Obama's threats against any Syrian targeting of U.S. aircraft (President Obama threatened to take out Syria's air defense system in retaliation), Russia has moved its own piece on the chessboard, precisely to checkmate Obama. Russia has threatened in response, to escalate weapons supplies to the Syrian government (including the means for it to defend itself against U.S. air attack) were U.S. planes to attack Syrian government positions -- either deliberately or accidentally. It is unlikely, too, to be a coincidence that we hear reports of Russian "Sumoum" ships specialized in air defense arriving recently in Latakia. Russia and Iran will cooperate with the U.S. in the Syrian war theater, but only if defined air-corridors, agreed targets for U.S. air assaults, and guarantees that the U.S. will not attempt to use the situation to create "safe havens" for the Syrian opposition are given.
The U.S. administration thus is between a rock and a hard place: Saudi Arabia desperately wants Assad's head on a plate and volunteers to fund the "war" effort for that end. But, for Obama to assent to Iranian-Russian conditions -- and thereby indirectly strengthen President Assad -- he will cause outrage in the Gulf and amongst the "moderate" Syrian exile insurgents. By doing as the Gulf wishes (attacking Assad's forces), however, he will almost certainly tip Russia, Iran and Hezbollah into overt opposition and escalation, which will greatly complicate the war on ISIS in Syria (and in Iraq, too).
Turkey, too wants to "use" the war on ISIS, but the Turkish immediate objective is not to weaken ISIS, but rather to help ISIS undermine the Syrian Kurdish semi-autonomous region that lies adjacent to Turkey's own restless (and far from autonomous) Kurds. ISIS continues to attack the Kurds near the Syria-Turkish border, and Turkish officials are preventing Kurds from crossing the Syrian border to fight ISIS. Seizure of this Kurdish territory would give ISIS a direct contiguity and a "logistics corridor" to Turkey.
Erdogan has furnished ISIS, from the outset of its involvement in Syria, with a Turkish platform by which it might bring down the Syrian state. It may be that the Turkish president now foresees the "war" opening new, bigger opportunities for Turkey. Were the "war" to end by destroying both Syria and Iraq's political structures (long expected by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu as the final sweeping away of the old Sykes-Picot frontiers), Turkey, by maintaining good relations with all sides: with Ba'athists, some Kurds in Iraq, Sunni tribal leaders and ISIS (with whom Turkey has just agreed to a prisoner swap), would be ideally placed to mediate the future of the Sunni dominated upper Euphrates valley (spanning Syria and Iraq). Erdogan would, under such a scenario, effectively become the "Emir" over a large swathe of Sunni Islam.
Even Israel has its stake in using the "war." Israel has been facilitating the insurgents in the area adjacent to the Golan border (and more recently with artillery cover ), which with the recent downing of the Syrian warplane, may be an attempt in the backdrop of the American air attacks on ISIS to create a no-fly zone over this southern infiltration passage way . The quid pro quo for this Israeli support against Assad would be for Israel to be folded into these states' ongoing war on the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas.
"President Obama here faces a further dilemma. He does indeed need President Putin's cooperation (and Iran's, too) if he is to manage a critically unstable Middle East, but to seek Russian help in any visible, explicit way, will expose the president to unremitting criticism in the lead-up to congressional midterm elections."
American "hawks," too want to leverage the ISIS "war" in Syria -- not merely against Assad -- but to advance their campaign to topple President Putin: to wound him in Syria (by defeating Assad), and to humiliate and discredit him in Ukraine amongst his own electorate. President Putin, however, is trying to leverage the ISIS situation precisely in the opposite direction: with the attempt to revive the channel of communication to Obama -- in order to coordinate in Syria and Iraq -- but also in order to de-escalate tensions with Washington more generally. Iran and Russia have already proposed a Baghdad-Damascus direct channel of communications by which to coordinate the war -- and this is already functioning. Intelligence is also passing in Damascus.
President Obama here faces a further dilemma. He does indeed need President Putin's cooperation (and Iran's, too) if he is to manage a critically unstable Middle East, but to seek Russian help in any visible, explicit way, will expose the president to unremitting criticism in the lead-up to congressional midterm elections. Hence the Byzantine complexities introduced through coordinating, but not wishing to be seen coordinating with either Russia, or Iran -- let alone Damascus! In U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's nuanced words: we do not coordinate, but we deconflict (with Damascus).  It represents a contradiction in policy that would seem impossible to maintain over the longer term.  Already the western-backed Syrian rebels are howling that they have been discredited by America's attacks in Syria. Nusra "says that those who deal with the West become part of the West" one rebel commander, who now adheres to the Free Syrian Army agenda, told McClatchy."They are accusing us of being traitors. And the majority of the Syrian people are speaking in the same tone," he said. In short, it is the very "moderates" that the West hopes to support who are now doing the howling.
"There are so many parties interested in using ISIS for their own ends, that one may wonder how they could come to do without it. Perhaps they can't?"
Of course this is not the complete list of those using the "war" to leverage their own ends: the Sunnis of Anbar, Saladin and Nineveh are using ISIS precisely to pressure Baghdad into giving them concessions. The Kurds are doing the same. The GCC is also using the "war" to coerce Qatar to follow the Saudi line and extend the war on the Muslim Brotherhood, hence the expulsions of MB figures from Qatar. And King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia is also using the situation to try to coerce the Wahhabi clerics to stamp on any Wahhabist revival amongst the people -- he is using the crisis to try and bring the clerics closer to the modernist line, and away from the pure Wahhabist line.
There are more. In fact, there are so many parties interested in using ISIS for their own ends, that one may wonder how they could come to do without it. Perhaps they can't?
Indeed, President Obama may believe that in launching spectacular air attacks (with all the accompanying graphics), he is reinforcing democrat prospects in the midterms. He may be right. But he may also come to reflect that ISIS has been using him and King Abdullah and all the others, precisely for its own ends.
ISIS may once have been the tool -- even itself be the "creation" -- of many who thought to "use it," but perhaps now the tables are turned? Its videos of beheadings were not made without deliberated intentionality. Their narration by first one, and now a second, British accented person was not done without regard to its affect. Look again at the quotation by the ISIS spokesman above: Is this not an invitation, rather than a threat?
Nothing that ISIS has done has been whimsical, rather it reflects serious planning and intentionality. A map of ISIS-intended conquest of territory with its oil wells all carefully marked out, dates back to 2006 . Its strategy for taking Mosul was more than two years in its incubation (ISIS evolved directly from Zarqawi's movement, and it had already set up a clandestine operation in Syria, which was Al-Nusra -- before the split between ISIS and Al-Nusra happened). Lebanese journalist, Radwan Mortada, further notes :
Based on the Hadith (sayings of the Prophet), that "the Hour (of Resurrection) will not come until the Byzantines land in al-Amaq (valleys in Antioch, southern Turkey) or in Dabiq" (a Syrian village located to the north of Aleppo), ISIS' followers, she writes, are convinced that "a great battle is going to take" place with the "Crusader West."  They conclude, she writes, that this confrontation will begin with a U.S. strike. "For them, 'it is an inevitable divine promise that will prove to the world that we are the masters of the State and builders of the end of time Caliphate.' What confirms their deeply-rooted belief in this prophecy is the English-language magazine they began issuing months ago called Dabiq ... The Return of Khilafah (Caliphate) . Even though [it has been ruled out]," she continues "... some IS supporters argue seriously that 'the Crusader alliance will be lured into a ground battle because it will definitely not achieve its goals from the air.'"
In this aspect, ISIS reflects the lessons of Israel's war on Hezbollah in 2006 -- Israel's air assault completely failed to destroy Hezbollah (which had prepared for it) -- but it was the movement's continued and subsequent ability to mount military actions that forced Israel to put boots on the ground -- and where it suffered its defeat.
"The deep inconsistency -- and likely cause of this whole enterprise's ultimate failure -- is simply the paradox that the West's allies of choice will not, and cannot, be true 'partners' to this 'war.' They have been too tainted with the firing up of this same Salafist ideology for too many decades."
Already, al-Qaeda and other jihadist groups are rallying to the ISIS flag to face the " War of the Cross " waged against them. And already, western-backed rebels are becoming "traitors," and those who "deal with the West" (Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, UAE and Bahrain) are becoming "part of the West" -- i.e. apostates. Was this not somehow foreseeable? ISIS is using us to give it what it wants: wide Islamic mobilization , the de-legitimization of allied Arab leaders, and an inchoate "war" with no strategy or "end game" -- a process Obama is in fact facilitating.
But in the final analysis, the deep inconsistency -- and likely cause of this whole enterprise's ultimate failure -- is simply the paradox that the West's allies of choice will not, and cannot, be true "partners" to this "war." They have been too tainted with the firing up of this same Salafist ideology for too many decades. They are of it (the ideology). And the West has been complicit for so long, in allying to it, that it can neither abandon its "compromised" allies, nor expect them to put their own boots on the ground.
It is a war declared with no troops in view, or the means to craft an outcome. ISIS has cleverly used us.
Close

What s Your Identity Theft IQAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

How to Fraud-Proof Your HouseAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Feds Bring Charges Against Amazon for Kids  App PurchasesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Limits of summit-style diplomacyTweet
— Photo: PTI NO PUSH: The bonhomie between Narendra Modi and Xi Jinping failed to achieve the change in the India-China discourse that Mr. Modi had hoped for in his "INCH towards MILES" analogy. Picture shows them on the Sabarmati river front.
TOPICS
India-United States
While the excitement over Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s engagements in the U.S. is high, the expectations from his meeting with President Barack Obama are lower
From the very beginning of his tenure when he invited SAARC leaders to New Delhi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi made it clear that he intended to pursue summit-style diplomacy: the idea that two nations can resolve their issues when their leaders sit face-to-face. The Prime Minister had reason for such confidence. As Chief Minister of Gujarat, for example, he had single-handedly attracted foreign investment to the State, winning invitations from China and Japan that were only accorded to heads of state. When he took oath of office in the presence of subcontinental leaders, summit-style diplomacy was endorsed, given that Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Sri Lanka among others had serious issues to resolve with India. Mr. Modi was able to transform the atmosphere through bilateral meetings with those leaders.
The Prime Minister then met other leaders at a gruelling pace, flying to Brazil for the BRICS summit where he had one-on-one meetings with nearly a dozen leaders. Each meeting was a first and the leaders said they were impressed with him. Chinese President Xi Jinping later said, “I didn’t feel like this was the first time we met. It was like meeting an old friend.” The emphasis was clearly on Mr. Modi the person and not Mr. Modi the Prime Minister, as he personalised relations with countries in an unprecedented way, exchanging, for instance, gifts with Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for their mothers.
Testing times
But four months on and several bilateral meetings later, Mr. Modi’s summit-style diplomacy is facing testing times. While his visit to Nepal was hailed a success, his meeting with Prime Minister Sushil Koirala did not yield two agreements that had been billed as “deliverables”: the Power Trading Agreement and the Project Development Agreement. If this was a disappointment, it was a minor one given the great response his visit generated combined with his speech in Parliament.
Similiarly, his visit to Japan yielded a massive investment commitment of $35 billion; yet, despite his close interaction with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (referred to as a “bromance”), the visit failed to see the big takeaway — the signing of the nuclear agreement between the two countries. Mr. Modi and Mr. Abe spent a considerable amount of time in Kyoto and then in an official meeting along with delegations in Tokyo, but were unable to close the considerable gap between Japan’s expectations and what India was willing to give by way of assurances on nuclear testing. While this was a tough challenge, many including Mr. Modi had believed that it could be achieved during the visit. It was even understood that his Japan visit had been put off twice so as to allow time for nuclear negotiations. Meeting her Japanese counterpart Fumio Kishida in Myanmar in August, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had told him that India was “very keen” to conclude the civil nuclear deal, and officials as well as background negotiators were confident that the final push to deliver it would come from the personal chemistry between Mr. Modi and Mr. Abe. The nuclear deal wasn’t the only expected “deliverable” that didn’t come through. An agreement to upgrade the strategic dialogue to the 2+2 format, a deal for US-2 amphibian aircraft, and the commercialisation of an agreement between the Department of Atomic Energy and Toyota Tsusho for exporting rare earth minerals didn’t make the “last mile” in negotiations. In a scathing article in Japan Times titled “Showmanship trumps substance during Modi visit,” analyst Jeff Kingston called the visit a “much-touted summit that was an inconclusive washout.” Indian commentators were much more charitable, and accepted that many of the outcomes would be delivered in the months and years to come. Some consolation came from Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbot’s visit to sign the nuclear deal for Uranium imports.
The next test came shortly after, with Mr. Xi’s visit. The bonhomie on the first day of his visit and the picture of the two leaders sitting side-by-side on a swing in Ahmedabad failed to achieve the change in the India-China discourse that Mr. Modi had hoped for in his “INCH towards MILES” or “India-China towards Millenium of Exceptional Synergy” analogy. Instead, the discourse was overrun by the incidents at the border, and an effective stand down of the troops could not be achieved despite the two leaders spending hours in conversation, both by the Sabarmati Riverfront and in Delhi’s official Hyderabad House.
Some of the problem with the summit-style diplomacy format has been that Mr. Modi, while being an effective interlocutor, has spread himself a bit thin with the crushing pace of international engagements he has set for himself. Also, a centralised style of foreign policy-making means the MEA is often caught off-guard by decisions, and must then scramble to try and put them into action. Finally, given Mr. Modi’s pace and the paucity of officers in the MEA, there has been a reduced focus on preparation and little ability for follow-up.
Modi-Obama meet
It is with tempered expectations that the world now turns to the Modi-Obama summit in Washington next week. While the excitement over his engagements in the U.S. (more than 50 in five days) is high, the expectations from the “big” engagement with Mr. Obama are lower, given the past year’s dip in ties that Mr. Modi can hardly be held accountable for. The reasons for the doldrums have been many: the diplomatic war over Devyani Khobragade, the late start in engaging with Mr. Modi after years of him being denied a visa, the U.S.’s own preoccupation with its war on terror, the government shutdown and its economic resurgence. As a result, issues like the nuclear logjam over India’s supplier liability law, Intellectual Property Rights, trade issues over a bilateral investment treaty, and the TFA, H1B visas are all hanging fire for the moment. On the global stage, India isn’t expected to give much by way of assistance to the U.S. in its war against the Islamic State, and hasn’t been supportive of U.S. anger against Russia in Ukraine. These are all issues that will fill up the menu of discussions between the two leaders who have much in common — from their modest backgrounds to their incredible skills at oratory and belief in resolving issues in a personal style.
President Obama has also found over the past year — from the cyber security summit with Mr. Xi that was overshadowed by the Snowden revelations and his unsuccessful attempt at curbing Russia’s actions in Ukraine — that ‘one-on-one’s’ don’t transform ties. When these two personalities meet (albeit over a dinner of nimbu paani), it will be the weight of those experiences rather than faith in the school of summit-style diplomacy that will help them script a new beginning for Indo-U.S. ties.
suhasini.h@thehindu.co.in

Nike rises as earnings beat expectationsNike shares rise as earnings beat expectations despite volatility
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d9a6e44-458d-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar run extends as recovery gains paceDollar run extends as recovery gains pace
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4e5d90e-4585-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Wall Street Really Is Destroying The PlanetHow Wall Street Really Is Failing The Planet
Posted:
reddit
On Monday, thousands of protesters marched through lower Manhattan to call attention to Wall Street's role in causing global climate change. They weren't wrong to do so.
Financial markets are failing to put enough funding into renewable energy. At the same time, they continue to invest hundreds of billions of dollars in fossil fuels. The chart below, using data provided by Bloomberg New Energy Finance, shows the gulf between the money raised by oil, gas and coal companies and the money raised by renewable energy companies over the past decade. Public equity investment in renewable energy is dwarfed by investment in fossil fuels.
What this chart shows is short-term market efficiency and long-term irrationality caused by political and regulatory failure. Put another way: Investors are putting short-term rewards ahead of the long-term health of the planet.
The International Energy Agency estimates that another $10.5 trillion will need to be invested in clean energy by 2030 to avoid raising the planet's temperature by more than 2 degrees Celsius. If warming exceeds that level -- or even if it falls short -- it could have catastrophic, irreversible effects. That dollar figure includes investments not captured in the chart, but the point is clear: We are nowhere near where we need to be. And the trend of under-investment in green energy is remarkably consistent, holding strong through the latest cycle of economic boom, crash and recovery.
Even the variations within the overall trend are worrying. Financing for fossil fuels snapped back sharply after the financial crisis. Financing for renewable energy, on the other hand, still hasn't returned to its pre-crisis 2007 peak. Investors seek return, and fossil fuels are still a massively larger and more liquid market with reliably higher risk-adjusted returns than renewable energy.
One approach to narrowing this gap between the public good and market behavior is for institutions and wealthy individuals to pledge to sell any fossil-fuel assets they own. There's a well-publicized fossil-fuel divestment campaign that has so far gotten pledges from institutions and individuals with more than $50 billion in assets. These parties have promised to sell their fossil-fuel holdings over a five-year period and invest the proceeds in renewable energy companies. The $860 million Rockefeller Brothers Fund -- launched with money from a fortune built by Standard Oil -- recently became the latest, and most symbolic, member of the divestment campaign.
Unfortunately, that campaign is much smaller than it seems, and it will do little to correct the imbalances in global energy investment. That $50 billion figure refers to the total assets of the participating investors, not the assets they've pledged to sell. It's unclear exactly how much in fossil-fuel assets these investors hold, but you can get a rough idea by using the S&P 500 (currently 10.7 percent energy stocks) and energy as a percent of GDP ( about 8.5 percent ).
At a guess, then, the divestment movement might represent somewhere between $4 billion and $5.5 billion in energy assets. Spread over the course of five years, that won't actually do much to boost renewable energy investment. And as Daniel Gross points out at Slate , it's not as though selling one's stock in an massive oil company does that company a lot of harm. Exxon alone has a market value of more than $400 billion. Most people still buy gas. And every share a divestor sells is a share someone else buys.
The divestment campaign is in a perverse numerical situation. Ultimately, $5 billion over five years is a tiny amount, relative to fossil-fuel investment. But if you actually tried to close this gap, which reached $376 billion over the past decade, you wouldn't be able to find enough renewable energy companies or conservation projects to productively put that money to use.
There are, of course, plenty of fossil fuel assets to buy. Matt Frost, who used to work in the coal industry and is now a federal contractor with clients at the Environmental Protection Agency, thinks that a solution might lie with the abundance of dirty energy assets ready to be purchased. His idea, dubbed the " coal retirement plan " is simple: Instead of selling coal reserves, buy them. And then don't mine them. Just leave the coal in the ground.
Not only would you keep this coal from being burned, you could cripple other coal reserves owned by companies who want to mine them. Coal-industry veterans, Frost explains, "could sit down, and if they were to trade their black hats for green hats, they could render a bunch of coal un-mineable."
The reason this could work is that even if a coal company owns coal directly beneath its land, it might need to use adjoining land to drill shafts to get to that coal. Geologists and engineers who wanted to help you stop these coal companies from accessing their coal could identify reserves that could be trapped this way, and tell you what land you'd need to buy to keep coal companies from getting at it.
Think of it as an inverse of the milkshake strategy from "There Will Be Blood" : Rather than a rival drilling from his land to access your below-ground assets, you keep the rival from drilling on your land to access his below-ground assets.
The goal, according to Frost, is to drive up the price not just of burning coal in the U.S., but of buying coal in the first place.
"If we really want to make coal less desirable," he says -- and Paul Krugman and The Economist agree that we should indeed want that -- "you have to make it more expensive." Not only that, but "you could create a whole new sector of un-mining professionals [...] people who are really good at helping you keep carbon underground."
That strategy is not going to prevent climate change on its own. But it would do a lot more than investing another billion dollars a year in renewable energy.
More:

Financial Technologies  argument misleading  NSEL s merger in public interest: Investors Forum to SebiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahindra Mahindra launches new-gen Scorpio with more sting  prices it at Rs 7.98 lakhMahindra & Mahindra launches new-gen Scorpio with more sting, prices it at Rs 7.98 lakh
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
 

After  Dhoom 3   Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  set to release in IMAX formatE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Brace yourself for the corporate journalism waveBrace yourself for the corporate journalism wave
Written by
Frédéric Filloux Editor, Monday Note
September 28, 2014
Do they see it coming?(Reuters)
SHARE
Frédéric Filloux Editor, Monday Note
September 28, 2014
Corporations are tempted to take over journalism with increasingly better content. For the profession, this carries both dangers and hopes for new revenue streams.
Those who fear native advertising or branded content will dread the unavoidable rise of corporate journalism. At first glance, associating the two words sounds like of an oxymoron of the worst possible taste, an offense punishable by  tarring and feathering . But, as I will now explain, the idea deserves a careful look.
First, consider the chart below, lifted from an Economist article titled “ Slime-slinging; Flacks vastly outnumber hacks these days. Caveat lector ,” published in 2011. The numbers are a bit old (I tried to update them without success), but the trend was obvious and is likely to have continued:
Tap image to zoom
(Frédéric Filloux)
Update: As several readers pointed out, I failed to mention a Pew Research story by Alex T. Williams that contains recent data that further confirm the trend: (emphasis mine)
There were 4.6 public relations specialists for every reporter in 2013, according to the [Bureau of Labor Statistics] data. That is down slightly from the 5.3 to 1 ratio in 2009 but is considerably higher than the 3.2 to 1 margin that existed a decade ago, in 2004.
[Over the last 10 years], the number of reporters decreased from 52,550 to 43,630, a 17% loss according to the BLS data. In contrast, the number of public relations specialists during this timeframe grew by 22%, from 166,210 to 202,530.
Williams also exposes the salary gap between PR people and news reporters:
In 2013, according to BLS data, public relations specialists earned a median annual income of $54,940 compared with $35,600 for reporters.
And I should also mention this excellent piece in the Financial Times on The invasion of Corporate News .
In short, while the journalistic staffing is shrinking dramatically in every mature market (US, Europe), the public relation crowd is rising in a spectacular fashion. It grows in two dimensions: the spinning aspect, with more highly capable people, most often former seasoned writers willing to become spin-surgeons. These people are both disappointed by the evolution of their noble trade and attracted by higher compensation. The second dimension is the growing inclination for PR firms, communication agencies and corporations themselves to build fully-staffed newsrooms with editor-in-chiefs, writers, and photo and video editors.
That’s the first issue.
The second trend is the evolution of corporate communication. Slowly but steadily, it departs from the traditional advertising codes that ruled the profession for decades. It shifts toward a more subtle and mature approach based on storytelling. Like it or not, that’s exactly what branded content is about: telling great stories about a company in a more intelligent way instead of simply extolling a product’s merits.
I’m not saying that one will disappear at the other’s expense. Communication agencies will continue to plan, conceive and produce scores of plain, product-oriented campaigns. This is first because brands need it, but also because there are often no other ways to promote a product than showing it in the most effective (and sometimes aesthetic) fashion. But fact is, whether it is to stage the manufacturing process of a luxury watch, or the engineering behind a new medical imagery device, more and more companies are getting into full-blown storytelling. To do so, they (or their surrogates) are hiring talent—which happens to be in rather large supply these days.
The rise of digital media is no stranger to this trend. In the print era, for practical reasons, it would have been inconceivable to intertwine classic journalism with editorial treatments. In the digital world things are completely different. Endless space, and the ability to link and insert expandable formats open new possibilities when it comes to accommodating large, rich, multimedia contents.
This evolution carries both serious hazards for traditional journalism as well as tangible economic opportunities. Let’s start with the business side.
Branded content (or native advertising) has achieved significant traction in the modern media business—even if the quality of its implementation varies widely. Some companies (that I will refrain from naming) screwed up big time by failing to properly identify what was paid-content as opposed to genuine journalistic production. And a misled reader is a lost reader (especially if there is a pattern). But for those who pull out good execution, both in terms of ethics and products, native ads carry a much better value than banners, billboards, pushdowns, interstitials, or other pathetic “creations” massively rejected by readers. I know of several media selling dumb  IAB formats that find out they can achieve rates 5x to 8x higher by relying on high quality, bespoke branded contents. These more parsimonious and non-invasive products achieve a much better audience acceptance than traditional formats.
For media companies, going decisively for branded content is also a way to regain control on their own business. Instead of getting avalanches of ready-to-eat campaigns from media buying agencies, they retain more control on the creation of advertising elements by dealing with the creative agencies or even with the brand themselves. Such a move goes with some constraints, though. Entering branded content at a credible scale requires investments. To serve its advertising clients, BuzzFeed maintains 50 people in its own design studio. Relative to the size of their entire staff, many other new media companies decided from the outset to build fairly large creative teams (including Quartz) . That’s precisely why I believe most legacy media will miss this train (again). Focused on short-term cost control, also under pressure from conservative newsrooms who see branded content as the Antichrist, they will delay the move. In the meantime, pure players will jump on the opportunity.
Newsrooms have reasons to fear corporate journalism—the ultimate form of branded content entirely packaged by the advertiser—but not for the reasons editors usually put forward. Dealing with the visual segregation of native ads vs. editorial is not utterly complicated; it depends mostly on the mutual understanding between the head of sales (or the publisher) and the editor; the latter needs to be credible enough among his peers to impose his/her choices without yielding to corporatism-induced demagoguery.
But the juxtaposition of articles (or multimedia contents) produced on one side by the newsroom and on another hand by a sponsor willing to build its storytelling at any cost might trigger another kind of conflict, around means and sources.
In the end, journalism is all about access. Beat reporters from a news media will do their best to circumvent the PR fence to get access to sources, while at the same time the PR team will order a bespoke story from its own staff writers. Both teams might actually find themselves in competition. Let’s say a media outlet wants to write a piece on the strategy shift of major energy conglomerate with respect to global warming; the news team will talk to scores of specialists outside the company, financial analysts who challenge management’s choices, shareholders who object to expensive diversification, advocacy groups who monitor operations in sensitive areas, unions, etc. They will also try to gain access to those who decide the fate of the company, i.e. top management, strategic committees, etc. Needless to say, such access will be tightly controlled.
On the corporate journalism side, the story will be told differently: strategists and managers will talk openly and in a very interesting way (remember, they are interviewed by pros). At the same time, a well-crafted on-site video shot in an oil-field in Borneo, or on a solar farm in Africa will reinforce the message, in a 60 Minutes way. The whole package won’t carry silly corporate messages, it will be rich, carefully balanced for credibility and well-staged. Click-wise, it is also likely to be quite attractive with its glowing, sleek videos and great text that will have the breadth (but not the substance) of professional reporting.
I’m painting this in broad strokes. But you get my point: Authentic news reporting and corporate journalism are bound to compete as audiences increasingly enjoy informative, well-designed corporate production over drier journalistic work—even though it is labelled as a corporate production. Of course, corporate journalism will remain small compared to the editorial content produced by a newsroom, but it could be quite effective in the long run.
You can read more of Monday Note’s coverage of technology and media  here .
Share this:

Pakistan court orders filing of another murder case against Nawaz SharifE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tamil Nadu limps back to normalcyUpdated: September 28, 2014 15:52 IST
Tamil Nadu limps back to normalcy
PTI
The Hindu Police personnel deployed at the Dharmapuri bus stand on Sunday after incidents of violence following the conviction of Jayalalithaa in a Bangalore court. Photo: N. Bashkaran.
TOPICS
crisis
Normalcy was on Sunday returning to Tamil Nadu, a day after sporadic violence erupted in several parts of the state in the wake of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case.
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner while commercial establishments, including hotels and shops, were open in Chennai and elsewhere.
Police said no major untoward incident was reported in the state on Sunday, which saw angry protesters forcing closure of shops, pelting stones and torching of vehicles in some places on Saturday prompting the Union Home Ministry to ask the state government to maintain law and order.
However, inter-state bus services to Bangalore remained suspended.
A Madurai report said normalcy returned to the temple town and most parts of ten southern districts, where the AIADMK has a strong base.
Police said bus services had been resumed in most places of the southern districts and no untoward incident had been reported so far.
Police had been posted at vulnerable places and patrol had been increased to monitor the situation in and around the city and rural areas.
However, in some towns, including Sivaganga, only 50 per cent of the bus services had been resumed, and shops in some places remained closed.
Though the situation was tense, it was under control, police said and expressed hope of full normalcy by late evening.
Reports from Theni, Dindigul, Ramanathapuram, Virudhunagar said normalcy had returned in most of the places though the shops remained closed in a few localities.
In Srirangam, the assembly constituency of Jayalalithaa, shops were opened from Sunday morning. However, private bus operators were hesitating to operate their service while autorickshaws too remained off the roads in most parts of the town.
In pilgrim town of Rameswaram, bus services from the island to other places remained suspended.
In Theni, transport department officials said they would operate buses once clearance was given by the police.
In neighbouring union territory of Puducherry, state-run buses to Tamil Nadu plied as usual while private operators kept off the roads.
The violence in Tamil Nadu hit week-end tourists flow to Puducherry which presented a deserted look although shops and hotels were open.
Police pickets had been posted at all vantage points and traffic junctions.
Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs. 100 crore fine by the special court in Bangalore in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
Her close associate Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.

What s the best thing about smartphones for MillenialsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Britain falls out of love with chicken tikka...Britain falls out of love with chicken tikka masala
By PTI | 28 Sep, 2014, 07.01PM IST
The Indian dish, unique to UK restaurants as a mix of chicken tikka with curry, failed to figure even in the top 10 of a latest survey.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: After topping the chart for Britain's favourite dish for over a decade it seems the popularity of chicken tikka masala has finally taken a hit.
The Indian dish, unique to UK restaurants as a mix of chicken tikka with curry, failed to figure even in the top 10 of a latest survey to mark the 25th anniversary of BBC's 'Good Food' show.
It came at 14th place behind pizza, classic lasagne and spaghetti, in one of the largest food studies conducted by YouGov.
The Sunday roast, a traditional British lunch time treat, came out tops at No 1 voted by 43 per cent of Brits as their ultimate comfort food, followed by the pub food classic steak and chips by 35 per cent.
Another quintessentially English tea-time favourite scones, with jam and clotted cream, and apple crumble came in at third and fourth place, in the massive poll.
Chocolate brownie, strawberry cheesecake and the victoria sponge were the other desserts to make it into the list of dishes described as "food heaven", while steak and ale pie and beef Wellington came in at 10 and 13 respectively.
While many Brits say they enjoy Thai curries, chilli con carne, Spanish paella and Moroccan tagine, the results suggest that traditional British dishes were at the forefront of most people's minds when thinking of their best-loved meals, 'The Independent' reported.
A cup of tea remains the favourite way to wake up in the morning, despite the rise of the coffee shops on the high street.
Some 41 per cent of Brits prefer a "cuppa" to start their day compared with coffee drinkers at 29 per cent.

Deepak Fertilisers seeks support from MCFL directors on open offerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

WATCH: The Best Part Of Waking Up Dolphins In Your YardWhoever wrote Folgers' jingle -- "The best part of waking up is Folgers in your cup!" -- obviously never woke up to a pod of dolphins.
But that's how Brian Bowman started his day after seeing " the largest and closest pod of dolphins " he had ever seen in the water right outside his beachfront home on Oahu's North Shore. Bowman and friends jumped into the water to start the worst day of the week (Monday) in the most epic way possible, as seen in this video.
" Naturally before even a cup of coffee ," Bowman wrote on his YouTube page, "we jumped in and swam with them for over an hour."
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) say that Hawaiian spinner dolphins (which are likely the type of dolphins he saw) usually rest and tend to their young near coastlines and sheltered bays during the daytime because white sand backgrounds make them more visible to predators.
Bowman and his friends didn't need coffee to get them going, but the dolphins may have actually still been sleeping. According to NOAA, when dolphins sleep, they swim " slowly, occasionally surfacing for air, allowing half their brain to sleep at a time ."
Thankfully, from the looks of the video, Bowman and his friends seem to keep their distance from the perhaps-still-slumbering pod, but the best part of waking up is definitely special moments like these!
Also on HuffPost:

Five key takeaways from Modi s speech at MSGFive key takeaways from Modi's speech at Madison Square Garden
Abhishek Jha | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 12:33 AM IST
Narendra Modi knows his audiences. If on Saturday (when he addressed the United Nations General Assembly), Modi was serious and crisp in his address, Sunday was his day to play to the gallery. His speech to the Indian diaspora enthralled a packed Madison Square Garden in New York. The audience also included some US Senators and Congressmen in attendance.
Development, a movement:  Modi began his speech by saying that India was evolving fast. He said that it is no more a nation of snake charmers but people who are running the world using a ‘mouse’. He played on his trusted ‘tea vendor’ card and assured the gathering that he was a leader for the common man.
Modi invoked the father of the nation and said that like Mahatma Gandhi made the freedom struggle a national movement, he wanted development to be taken with similar seriousness. He called on each and every citizen to do his/her bit for the country by fulfilling their roles the best of their abilities.   
The 3D strategy: The Prime Minister assured the gathering that this was going to be Asia’s century and that India would be at the forefront of it. For this he talked about a three-pronged strategy which would focus on democracy, demographic dividend and demand.
Modi said democracy was India's biggest strength. Recalling his election campaign, he said that despite the scorching heat the young, old, rich and poor came to hear his speeches because they believed in it.
On demographic dividend he said, "65% of India’s population is under that age of 35.” This available work force would take India places.  
The PM also said that our population could be our strength because of the demand it created in the global market. This demand automatically endeared the Indian market to the global investor.
Make in India and skill development:  The recently launched ‘Make in India’ also got a mention. Modi invited businessmen from all over the world to come to India for their business needs. He assured the business community that red-tapism would be finished and that his government believed in less governance.
The Prime Minister said that skill development was a priority for his government as it would help develop next generation leaders and also increase available jobs.
Ode to Ganga: Modi said that for every Indian, the Ganga is sacred. He said he is committed to cleaning up the river despite the massive financial challenges in store. He added that if one kept religious aspects aside, even then, cleaning the Ganga was necessary from climate preservation point of view.
Endearing the NRIs: True to the buzz, there were sops in store for non-resident Indians. He assured lifelong visas to PIO (Person of Indian Origin) card holders. He also promised to merge PIO and OCI (Overseas Citizenship of India) schemes soon.

While European Central Bank struggles  US Federal Reserve seesrecoveryPrint
Reuters | London | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:17 am
On one side of the Atlantic they’re trying to refill the punchbowl. On the other they’re getting ready to take it away. This week, investors may get a clearer idea why.
The European Central Bank (ECB) will spell out on Thursday its latest attempt to steer the euro zone away from the prospect of damaging deflation, following the latest snapshot of consumer price pressures on Tuesday.
US jobs numbers on Friday will probably confirm that the fast-recovering American economy has reached the point where the Federal Reserve can finally halt its massive bond-buying stimulus.
The contrast between the US and euro zone economies has grown increasingly stark, adding to the pressure on the ECB and European leaders to revive growth in their corner of the world.
US Treasury secretary Jack Lew last week laid bare Washington’s long-standing frustrations with the reluctance of European governments to increase public spending.
The risk of the euro zone sliding into deflation and deeper stagnation is adding to the drag on the global economy from a slowdown in China, where authorities are trying to rein in lending, and concerns about conflict in the Middle East.
But instead of fiscal action by European governments, it is action by the ECB that is the most likely spur for the region.
After surprising markets with an interest rate cut at its September meeting and trying to get banks to take cheap loans to boost lending, the ECB on Thursday is due to give details of its plan to unblock corporate credit by buying repackaged loans.
Marchel Alexandrovich, an economist with Jefferies in London, said investors wanted an idea of the size of the program to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds. This would help them gauge when the ECB might start buying government bonds, a much more powerful — and controversial — form of stimulus.
Economists have widely ranging guesses as to the size of the program, and Alexandrovich said that the bigger it proved to be, the longer the ECB was likely to hold off from buying government bonds.
Reuters reported this month that initial plans for the ABS and covered bond program foresaw up to 500 billion euros ($640 billion) in purchases. ECB president Mario Draghi has said the bank wants to push its balance sheet back up to the levels of early 2012, or about 3 trillion euros, compared with 2 trillion euros now.
Tuesday’s consumer price data is likely to underscore how close the euro zone is to succumbing to deflation. Inflation in the 18 countries sharing the currency is expected to fall to 0.3 per cent in September, its lowest level in nearly five years. Economists at Nomura saw “a clear sign that euro area policy makers are losing their grip on inflation expectations”.

Banks get a nudge from RBI to mine social media  know customersbetterPrint
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:14 am
The Reserve Bank of India is nudging banks to mine Facebook, Twitter and other social media data to access customers’ social profiles and possibly gain insights into individual customer behaviour.
RBI deputy governor, HR Khan, at a September 16 presentation in a conference in Mumbai, specifically underscored the need to leverage social network updates as an additional know-your-customer (KYC) tool.
Banks should leverage on the increasing popularity of interactive social platforms for effective engagement with their customers, Khan noted in his presentation, adding that “by tapping social networks, banks can access customers’ social profiles, and thereby deepen their insights into individual customer behaviour”.
While this concept is still in its nascent stages in India, private sector banks are emerging as the front runners in deploying this as a tool. In the developed nations, lenders are already using social media updates of customers as an additional input in determining a borrower’s identity or creditworthiness.
HDFC Bank’s head of marketing, Kartik Jain, told The Indian Express: “Social networks such as Facebook allow you to identify and target customers based on specific segmentation criteria such as lifestyle, demographics, interests, location etc. We have mapped our customers and their banking transaction behaviour, with their social media profiles and device usage. This has allowed us to show more relevant and meaningful messages to customers in a medium that they are comfortable with. For instance, a message for instantly downloading our mobile banking app is shown to our savings account customers while they are accessing Facebook on their smart phone.”
An executive with another private sector bank said that bank staffers have also been asked to sift through data, especially for high networth individuals, to look for potential red flags — including applicants putting different job information on their loan application as they posted on LinkedIn, or a post on Facebook disclosing a firing by an employer.
A senior officer with a public sector bank said the RBI has informally sounded out lenders to work on developing skills to mine social media data, including deploying agencies on a contract basis.
The use of information posted on social media sites is being advocated in addition to the CIBIL (Credit Information Bureau India Ltd) rankings that lenders use currently to determine the credit-worthiness and past default history of individual customers.
Private sector banks, which have seen progressive surge in online transactions led by the rising number of Internet users, are already using Facebook and Twitter to allow customers to transact online, and open new accounts.
Kotak Mahindra Bank, for instance, on March 26, started a current account that allows customers to open new accounts and transact using their Facebook log-in identity.
The RBI has taken the lead in some groundwork in the ways of using data posted by individuals on the net. The Institute for Development & Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) — a banking research institute established in 1996 by the RBI — has already prepared a ‘Social Media Framework for Indian Banks’ that offers comprehensive insights into the use of the social media by the banking continued…

Column: Do internet-based media impact votingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Letter to the editor: Talk to AmericaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CORE Education & Technologies635 Followers
Price when posted : BSE: Rs 9.98 ( -2.73 % ), NSE: Rs. 9.95 ( -2.93 % )
In reply to : bnsahu message
7.53 PM Nov 23rd

Rajan meets Mayaram ahead of policy reviewRajan meets Mayaram ahead of policy review
Press Trust Of India |  Sep 27, 2014 12:29 AM IST
Ahead of monetary policy review on September 30, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday met Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram and is believed to have discussed macroeconomic issues, according to sources.
RBI is scheduled to announce its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review on September 30.
Usually, the Governor meets the Prime Minister and the finance minister, ahead of policy review. Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in the US and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is unwell, Rajan met the finance secretary.
Even as the industry pitches for a rate cut to boost industrial activities, the central bank is likely to maintain status-quo in the policy review.
The GDP growth has risen to a nine quarter high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June period, while industrial output for July slowed to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent due to contraction in manufacturing and poor offtake of consumer goods.
Further, the retail inflation in August stood at 7.8 per cent, while the wholesale price based inflation cooled to a 5-year low of 3.7 per cent.
In its last policy review on August 5, the RBI had kept key policy rates unchanged.

Day 2: New York DiaryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indias potential for e-commerce growthTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Row over plot allotment casts shadow on new CJI DattuPlot allotment row casts shadow on new CJI
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 28, 2014
First Published: 11:22 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:46 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
A two-decade-old controversy over housing society plot allotments to some of the most prominent members of the Indian judiciary has become relevant once again as Supreme Court judge HL Dattu assumed the most powerful judicial office in the country on Sunday.
New Chief Justice of India Justice Dattu, and two of his Supreme Court colleagues – TS Thakur and V Gopala Gowda – are among the judges who accepted the plots in defiance of a 1995 ruling by the Karnataka high court that judges were ineligible to participate in the land scheme.
The issue of the allotments has surfaced repeatedly since 1994 when the first judges purchased the plots from the society meant for court employees.
Justice HL Dattu takes oath as the new Chief Justice of India on Sunday. (Photo Courtesy: Doordarshan)
Recently another top Judge, KL Manjunath, has seen his planned elevation to Chief Justice the Punjab and Haryana high court complicated by his participation in the allotment row, which has been cited in press reports as among the factors motivating a possible impeachment bid against him.
 
The state government originally acquired the land for the project from farmers in 1991 and sold it to the Karnataka State Judicial Department Employees House Building Cooperative Society (KSJDEHBCS) at a huge subsidy so that it could fulfill the ‘public purpose’ of housing court employees who could not afford alternative accommodation.
However, soon after the colony was formed near the Bangalore airport, judges too started enrolling as members and accepting the steeply discounted plots.
Sale deeds with HT show that Justice Dattu was first allotted a 2,400 sq. ft. plot by the society for Rs. 61,598 at Rs. 15 per sq. ft. on June 30, 1997.
He was allotted another 4,000 sq. ft. plot on October 26, 2002, for Rs. 1,02,666 at Rs. 25 per sq. Land in the surrounding areas was selling for no less than Rs. 1,500 a sq. ft. at the time.
A society official, who helped HT in this investigation, claimed that Justice Dattu surrendered the first plot in February 2003 after other members objected to the double allotment.
On June 21, 2010, he gifted the other plot to his grandson Mihir Adithya who was three years old at the time.
According to local realtors who spoke to HT, a minimum of Rs. 8,000 per sq. ft. is now the going rate in the area. At those prices, the plot justice Dattu acquired for just over a lakh in 2002 and subsequently gifted to his grandson is worth more than Rs. 3 crore today.
Documents obtained by HT indicate that the judicial employees’ society irregularly allotted plots to at least another 73 judges between 1994 and 2006.
See: List of 73 judges
The society by-laws define a member as “an employee of the judicial department in Karnataka [who] has put in a minimum continuous or intermittent service of five years in Karnataka.” But judges, as affirmed by repeated Supreme Court rulings, are not employees of the department.
The matter of judges benefitting from this subsidised project meant for court employees was taken to the Karnataka high court through a writ and resulted in a ruling that the allotment to judges was an “irregularity”.
A division bench of the high court ruled on October 12, 1995: “A reading of Clause-7 of the bye-laws, in our view, by no stretch of imagination can include the judges of High Court or Supreme Court (sitting, transferred, retired)."
In an exclusive to HT, Justice (retd) MF Saldanha, who was part of the division bench, spoke about the ethical and legal questions arising out of the allotment.
Watch: Justice (retd) Saldanha's interview to HT  
But the allotment to judges did not stop. Judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda purchased the plots from 1996 onwards, after this ruling was passed. Nearly 50 judges accepted plots from the society after the high court ruling.
A joint legislature committee of the Karnataka assembly submitted a report in 2007 and added: “It is most unfortunate that the KSJDEHBCS, which should have been a model to other house building cooperative societies, has itself become the leading law- breaker without the least fear or care for the law, propriety of public interest. It has indulged in acts of favour, cronyism and capricious indifference to law at its will. Obviously, High Court judges and powerful persons as its members and beneficiaries will ensure immunity to all its illegal acts.”
Although the committee’s report was put in cold storage, the issue came alive again with the appointment of former Supreme Court judge Shivraj V Patil as Karnataka Lokayukta in 2011. A media expose of the plots received by him from the judicial employees’ society forced him to resign as the state’s anti-corruption ombudsman just over a month after he took charge.
The Lokayukta’s post remained vacant for 17 months after Justice Patil’s resignation as the then BJP government struggled to find a judge who had not benefited from the scheme. Every time the government announced a candidate, the media would expose his allotment. Matters came to a head when the then governor HR Bhardwaj refused to approve the appointment of a former judge following media reports about his plot.
The present Lokayukta, Justice Y Bhaskar Rao, also a plot allottee, was appointed in an atmosphere vitiated by protests from sections of the opposition and hostile reports in the media.
The ethical question that laid siege to the Karnataka Lokayukta’s office for 17 months, however, did not prevent the mobility of judges through the collegium system of judicial appointments. Many went on to preside over various high courts in the country as well as the Supreme Court of India.
Indeed, justice Dattu and Justice Thakur are today ranked second and third in terms of seniority in the apex court’s panel of 26 judges. They are also members of the collegium that vets and appoints judges to the higher judiciary.
HT met justice Dattu at his farmhouse and had a tele-conversation with Justice Gopala Gowda on September 12 to seek a response. Both judges declined to comment but said that a letter written to the society president by former Chief Justice of India, MN Venkatachalaiah, who is also an allotee, clarified everything.
Society president K Sippe Gowda told HT, “Justice Gowda called me a few minutes ago and asked me to give you that letter. But I have lost it. I don’t know where it is.” Asked how he could lose such an important document, he said, “I didn’t think it was that important.”
Justice Thakur did not respond to repeated requests for comment sent through his staff.
Today, the two colonies formed by the society are bustling centres of real estate trading with some of the biggest builders in the city hawking luxury apartments costing in excess of Rs. 2 crore.
Despite a condition in each sale deeds requiring owners to construct a house within two years of receiving a plot those allotted to judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda remain vacant.

President s rule imposed in poll-bound MaharashtraComments
President's rule was imposed on Sunday in poll-bound Maharashtra after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned following the break-up of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the state.
President Pranab Mukherjee signed the proclamation for imposition of central rule in Maharashtra, a day after the Union Cabinet recommended clamping of President's rule in the state, a Home Ministry spokesperson said.
The brief Cabinet meeting yesterday was chaired by home minister Rajnath Singh in the absence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is away in the US. With NCP withdrawing support to the government, Chavan had resigned on Friday. His resignation was accepted by Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao yesterday. Since assembly elections in Maharashtra are scheduled on October 15, the Governor, in his report to the Centre, had recommended imposition of President's rule in the state.
NCP had on Thursday called off its alliance with Congress accusing Chavan of neglecting it and stalling talks over seat-sharing. NCP's insistence on the two parties contesting an equal number of the state's 288 assembly seats and the demand for rotational chief ministership for half of the government's five-year term if the alliance retained power were the sticking points during the seat-sharing talks which eventually led to the collapse of the alliance.

No obstacles to growth in India  says Amazon CEO Jeff BezosComments
Amazon.com, the world's largest online retailer, sees no hurdles to growth in India despite regulatory problems ranging from tax-based restrictions on selling in Karnataka to curbs on foreign direct investment (FDI) in e-commerce and retail, its charismatic CEO Jeff Bezos said on Sunday.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Orion Mall. (Source: Kashif Masood)
"I don't see any obstacles," Bezos told Hindustan Times in an interview in Bangalore on Sunday after landing here in a private jet to start a four-day tour of India where  a huge emerging Internet-based market and thousands of software engineers are  a big draw for the Seattle-based giant.
"This model is doing extremely well," Bezos said in a reference to Amazon helping  thousands of  merchants using his company's technology-rich website as an online marketplace. He said Amazon believed in adapting itself to each nation, not comparing markets with one another.   He said he has no plan to meet government officals in the current visit.
Full interview: 'Our job is to adapt to rules, India is no different,' says Jeff Bezos in interview
Moreover, technological and business processes perfected by Amazon's engineers in India would be exported to other parts of the world, he said.
The 50-year-old Bezos, whose personal fortune is estimated at $30 billion (R 180,000 crore), had some words of praise for Prime Minister Narendra Modi and India's successful rocket mission to Mars in a wide-ranging interview that covered everything from Amazon's role as a movie producer and his personal buyout of Washington Post to the use of unmanned drone planes for retail delivery and the future of cloud computing.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Orion Mall. (Source: Kashif Masood)
"He (Modi) has a positive international reputation. They seem him as constructive, practical," Bezos said but added that he was not comparing the leader with any other. As a person deeply interested in promoting space travel himself, the Mangalyaan mission impressed him a lot.
"India's accomplishment on Mars is just incredible. If you follow space you know how hard it is," Bezos said.
Famous for his raucous laughter and a bald pate, Bezos is bullish on India, where Amazon and its subsidiary, Junglee, face intense competition from the aggressive, homegrown Flipkart.com -- which in its own style welcomed Bezos to Bangalore with flashy banners. 
Asked about competition from this or others, Bezos said the Indian venture was dong well already. "At Amazon, we obsess over our customers, not competitors."
Amazon is open to acquisitions anywhere including India,  but the company usually did  buyouts to acquire "unique" capabilities while believing in organic growth, Bezos said. Authorities in Karnataka have stopped Amazon India from selling several products incuding electronics items by accusing the giant of directly selling to consumers while citing third-party merchants as the dealers. Amazon denies any irregularity.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) is also investigating Amazon India to find out if the company has sold products directly to customers and violated India’s foreign direct investment (FDI) laws.
Several Indian companies such as Flipkart  has moved to a marketplace model to prevent flouting norms.
Bezos also spoke of his love for the use of drones for delivery -- in which Deutsche Post recently beat Amazon by starting the use of the unmanned aircraft for delivery of goods in a remote area of Germany.
"I am super excited about the drone. The hardest part is the regulatory part," Bezos said, adding Amazon will be fanning out to influence governments across the world to allow the use of drones in e-commerce. 

O Panneerselvam new Chief Minister of Tamil NaduO Panneerselvam new Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 29, 2014 12:25 AM IST
O Panneerselvam of the All-India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) on Sunday succeeded party chief J Jayalalithaa as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
Appointing a new CM had been necessitated as a special court in Bangalore on Saturday sentenced Jayalalithaa to four years in jail in an 18-year-old Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate-asset case. The court also imposed a Rs 100-crore fine on her. A bail petition on behalf of Jayalalithaa is expected to be filed in the Karnataka High Court on Monday.
The announcement of Panneerselvam’s name came after a meeting of top AIADMK leaders with Jayalalithaa in a Bangalore jail, followed by a meeting of the party’s members of legislative Assembly (MLAs) in Chennai.
Earlier in the day, Panneerselvam (Tamil Nadu finance minister until then), Excise Minister Natham Viswanathan and Transport Minister Senthil Balaji met Jayalalithaa and sought her advice on electing a new leader.
At around 3:30 pm, the party’s MLAs met at the AIADMK headquarters and named Panneerselvam as the leader of the legislature party. After the meeting, Panneerselvam went to Jayalalithaa’s residence, where he held discussions with his Cabinet colleagues.  
According to a statement from Raj Bhavan here, Panneerselvam met Governor K Rosaiah on Sunday and gave him a copy of a resolution passed by the AIADMK legislators unanimously electing him the leader of the legislature party. After this, the governor invited him to be the chief minister.
This is the second time that Panneerselvam has been chosen in the middle of a term to take over from Jayalalithaa as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. Earlier, he had become an interim CM in 2001, when Jayalalithaa had to step down following a Supreme Court verdict terming her appointment null and void due to her conviction in a criminal case. In 2002, though, Jayalalithaa was acquitted in that case by the Madras High Court and reinstated as chief minister. She was later elected from the Andipatti Assembly constituency.
On Saturday, the Bangalore special court had convicted Jayalalithaa in the case of having assets disproportionate to her known source of income. Her close aide Sasikala Natarajan, Ilavarasi and her disowned foster son Sudhakaran were awarded jail terms.For Jayalalithaa, the sentence implied loss of membership of the Tamil Nadu Assembly.
Tamil Nadu’s Gulzarilal Nanda?
In Tamil Nadu, O Panneerselvam has a distinction similar to what Gulzarilal Nanda had at the Centre. Like Nanda, who became interim prime minister twice, Panneerselvam has filled in as CM for a second time. The difference, though, is that the former took the responsibility on demise of prime ministers Jawaharlal Nehru and Lal Bahadur Shastri, while the latter has had to do so on both occasions following incumbent J Jayalalithaa’s disqualification as CM.
Born in January 1951, Panneerselvam first became Tamil Nadu CM in 2001, when Jayalalithaa had to step down after a Supreme Court order terming her appointment null and void due to her conviction in a criminal case.
A trusted colleague of Jayalalithaa’s, Panneerselvam owned agricultural land and a tea shop before entering politics. He contested the 2001 state election from Periakulam and became the PWD minister. He was also the first person from the Thevar caste to become the state’s CM.

PM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden:  My dream is to see every Indian family has a home by 2022PM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden: 'PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
 

Shashi Tharoor praises PM s UN speech  says good reply to PakistanMadison Square Garden
("Strong speech by @PMOIndia…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at the United Nations drew applause from Congress spokesperson Shashi Tharoor today.
"Strong speech by @PMOIndia at #UNGA2014. Soaring internationalism, support for democracy & environment, anti-terrorism. Good reply to Pak," Tharoor said on Twitter.
At the same time, the former Minister for State for External Affairs said it was unfortunate for an Indian Prime Minister to "refer to Pakistan Occupied Kashmir as Pakistan".
"Risk of extempore speech: in foreign affairs it helps to be tightly scripted. Referring to PoK as 'Pakistan' unfortunate for an Indian PM," Tharoor said in another tweet.
Hitting out at Pakistan for raking up the Kashmir issue at the UN, the Prime Minister had yesterday offered to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue "without the shadow of terrrorism" while asking it to create an "appropriate environment" for that.
In a clear rebuff to his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif, who had insisted on a plebiscite in Kashmir, Modi had said, "Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries."
In the speech, the Prime Minister had said, "As we are rendering service to flood victims in Kashmir, we had also placed a proposal for serving the flood victims in Pakistan as well."
This is not the first time that Tharoor, who is a party spokesperson, has praised Modi.
In June, Congress had distanced itself from Tharoor's praise of Modi that had appeared on a US news website in which he had, among other things, also remarked that Modi was looking to turn himself from a "hate figure into an avatar of modernity and progress".
While the party had then described the remarks as Tharoor's "personal views" emphasising that it was too early to comment on the functioning of the government, Tharoor had later said he was "intrigued" by the fact that the paraphrases of his piece seen in the Indian media looks like people don't actually read every word and every nuance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Modi reset to US-India relations© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3ec901a-4571-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Make India s development a mass movement: Modi to NRIsIndian American community
(3D Mantra, skill development,…)
NEW DELHI: 3D Mantra, skill development, talent pool and India's bright economic prospects - these formed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pitch to the Indian American community at the Madison Square Garden .
"Just like Mahatma Gandhi made freedom struggle a national movement, we have to make development and progress a people's movement. 1.25 billion people should work for the betterment of India," Modi urged. "I am sure that now an atmosphere has been created where every Indian wants go work for the nation," Modi said.
Like you, Mahatma Gandhi was an NRI. I implore you to do something in your capacity for the country," Modi exhorted.
Acknowledging the visa problems faced by PIOs, Modi said, "PIO and OCI schemes will be one in due time. We will offer life time visas. We will also give long term visas for US nationals travelling to India for tourism purposes."
Pitching his 3D mantra to the Indian American community Modi said, "We have democracy, demographic dividend and demand on our side." "These are three things that no nation has, except India. It is these three things that will take India to an assured path of success," Modi said.
India is the youngest nation in the world with 65% of its population below 35 years of age," he said.
"India has the demographic dividend to succeed. There is no reason for gloom. I am sure that India is going progress at a rapid speed, led by the strength and capabilities of its youth," Modi pitched. "A day will come when the world will not have young workforce. We will be able to supply the requisite manpower to all," Modi confidently said.
"The entire world is looking to India because it knows that the people of India will create demand for their products."
Modi cited ISRO's successful MOM as an example of India's talent pool. "An indigenous mission, which succeeded in its first attempt, that too at such less cost is what India's talent can ensure." "Skill development is key to make Indian youth harness their talent, and our government is working to make sure that people are skilled to be job creators," Modi said talking about his dream project.
Modi also spoke extensively of his government's initiatives for the economy and people, including Jan Dhan Yojana and 'Make in India'. "I invite all of you you to come, make in India," Modi said. He also invited suggestions for development on mygov.in website.
Modi said that people keep asking him for a 'grand vision. "I am an ordinary, small person. But I want to do big things for small people. People have exaggerated ideas about what a PM should do. I want to break that misconception," Modi said.
Talking about his government's agenda to clean river Ganga, Modi called the work an economic mission. "So many people of the country are dependent on the water from Ganga. Hence cleaning it is of economic importance as well," Modi explained.
Modi also spoke of 'Swatchh Bharat' mission and 'Housing for All'. "We want to ensure a clean India in line with Gandhiji's vision. By 2022 we want to ensure that everyone in India has a house. This is our dream."
Applauding the Indian American community, Modi said, "Through your actions and values you have earned immense respect in USA. You have a great role in boosting India's image not just in America, but around the world."
India was known as a nation of snakes and snake charmers. had it not been for Indian Americans, young Indians and the IT prowess shown by them, we would always been known as a nation of snake charmers," Modi said.
Talking about NDA's recent election victory, Modi said, "Indians world over have been celebrating the win. I want to take is opportunity to thank you all for coming to India and taking part in the election process."
Modi went on to add, "Winning alone is not enough. We have a huge responsibility on our shoulders and I promise you that we will work our level best to improve the economic conditions of the country." "Even the poorest of poor want change, and I assure that we will never let people down," Modi said.
"I promise you that our government will be 100% successful in meeting people's expectations," Modi reiterated. " I will clear my debt for all the love you have shown me by creating the India you want to see," he added.
Stating that many people call the 21st century as that of Asia, said, " 21st century for some is that of India. It is not without reason that people have such high expectations from India," Modi told the large gathering.
"America is the oldest democracy in the world, while India is the largest. The whole world has come and inhabited America, while Indians have gone and inhabited the entire world," Modi observed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi opens goody bag for Indian-Americans at Madison Square GardenNarendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 19:24 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(29/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi finally got to thank his NRI (Non-Resident Indians) constituency for their support in getting him elected. And they finally got to see the man they had waited so long to see as Prime Minister.
  
Play Pause
Attendees stand as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as PM Modi prepares to give a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks to supporters during a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
A crowd of US-based supporters await the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
Dancers perform before India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the US. (Reuters Photo)
An artist carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI ...
Supporters during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
The scoreboard shows a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi above the arena floor before a community reception for the Prime Minister at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP ...
A boy wearing a mask of PM Narendra Modi waves during the "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York ...
“Today, I say thanks to everyone,” said Modi, adding, “and I assure you I will never do anything to let you down.” His thank-you note came with a few goodies.
One, holders of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given visas for their lifetime.
Two, people staying in India for a long period would not have to report to police stations periodically any more.
Three, measures will be initiated to end problems faced by those with non-Indian American spouses. PIO and Overseas Indian Cards would be merged into one shortly.
Four, US tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Five, outsourced consular services will be expanded.
“Happy?” Modi beamed to the packed venue, after announcing the first measure, which came at the end of a speech repeatedly interrupted by chants of “Modi, Modi”.
Dressed in a yellow kurta and peach waistcoat, the PM showed none of the strain of his navratri fast of just warm water, now into its fourth day on Sunday.
Read: Crush of US politicians meeting Modi
It was vintage Modi at the podium, feeding on the energy of the iconic Manhattan venue packed with supporters from 49 of the 50 states of the United States.
Also there to listen to a man who just stunned the world with a massive electoral victory were many US lawmakers, many of whom were in the middle of their own re-election campaigns.
The PM thanked his supporters, many of whom, as he said, had either travelled to India to campaign for him or supported him and the BJP from here.
Seshadri Kumar, who publishes a community paper, came to the reception all the way from Houston, Texas. “I could have stayed home and watched it on TV,” he said.
But this was a historic event and he wanted to be there.
Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
Acutely aware of the importance of the event, Modi quickly moved from recognising and thanking them for their support to reporting to them why they were right in choosing him.
The PM could have been speaking to an audience at home in India, explaining, as he did, his vision, his plans, his goals and ambitions for India.
“The government you have chosen will not leave any stone unturned in developing the country,” said Modi, adding, “this government will succeed in fulfilling all our aspirations.”
And here is why, he said. India cannot be stopped. India has three unique qualities which we need to recognise and present to the world: democracy, demographic dividend and demand (as consumers).
In a speech that was repeatedly interrupted by cheers and applause, the longest ovation was for the time when he said he grew up selling tea.
Everyone in the audience knew that story well — many of them had participated in his “Chai with Modi” events in the run up to the elections, but they couldn’t help themselves.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Top 10 quotes from Modi speech
 
“I have reached here by selling tea. I am a very small person… I am small and that is why I take interest in doing small work for small people. I am small that is why I have the intent to do big things for small people.” — his reply to people who ask him to talk of his “bada vision” (big vision).
 
“I will repay your debt by making the India of your dreams,”
 
“Earlier, Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
“Is this news?” — on reports that officials in India had started reporting for work on time.
 
“I have a dream that no family in India should be without a house in 2022. These are small things I am telling you, but these are the things which will turn India’s fortunes.” 
 
“Thousands of crores have been spent. People have told me Modi ji why are you getting involved in this tough work. If I had to do easy work, people would not have made me PM.” — on taking up the challenge of cleaning river Ganga
 
“There are many expectations from the government. I can say with belief, this government will succeed 100% in meeting people’s expectations.”
 
“A country which has such capable fingers… a country whose youth which is committed to development on its own…such a country has no need to turn back and look.”
 
“I haven’t taken even a 15-minute vacation since I’ve taken the PM’s post.”
 
“When 2019 comes, let us pledge to give Mahatma Gandhi — on his 150th birth anniversary — a clean India.”

NY Diary: Sardesai roughed up  Adani appearsWritten by Ritu Sarin | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:37 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 1:49 am
Mob rules
CONSULTING editor of India Today group Rajdeep Sardesai was Sunday roughed up, apparently by pro-Modi supporters, outside the Madison Square Garden, shortly before the Prime Minister’s address. The news created a buzz on social networking site Twitter after @JFK_America posted, “Mob of people attacking an Indian journalist for being critical of Modi on the past. Accused of being a traitor.” Sardesai tweeted, “Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo! (sic).” He added, “Glad we caught the idiots on cam. Only way to shame the mob is to show them”. Sardesai also posted, “Great publicity for my book. All those who took selfies have promised to buy it!” The small video of him being manhandled hit YouTube and was shared numerous times on Twitter.
Adani appears
SPOTTED among those frequently going up from the foyer of the New York Palace Hotel to the floor where the Prime Minister and his delegation are staying, was businessman Gautam Adani, who also heard Narendra Modi’s address to the UNGA. Adani told The Indian Express that RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani too was expected in New York, and that both of them would attend the business conclave at which top American CEOs would be present.
Twitter followers
AT their 45-minute meeting on Saturday, the PM and Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey are said to have discussed social media and its indispensability to good governance. Modi described his social media election campaign in detail to Christie, and the two are now following each other on Twitter.
English evening
THE Prime Minister spoke in English at Central Park, a decision guided by the fact that almost the entire crowd of 60,000 was made up of young students and teenagers. He had the aid of a teleprompter, but Modi digressed from the prepared text to make several impromptu observations.
Yes, Yoga!
SOUTH Asian leaders who met the PM on Saturday, President Mahinda Rajapaksa and Prime Ministers Sheikh Hasina and Sushil Koirala, have endorsed the suggestion, made by Modi in his speech, to have an International Yoga Day. The MEA spokesperson later spoke about the initiative as a “goal” and “international objective” for which India would prepare over the next year.

BJP plans rally blitz across StateUpdated: September 29, 2014 01:54 IST
Maharashtra Assembly polls
BJP plans rally blitz across State
Omar Rashid
PTI BJP president Amit Shah and RPI president Ramdas Athawale during a meeting at BJP office in Mumbai on Saturday.
TOPICS
political campaigns
Having ended alliance with Shiv Sena, the party is banking heavily on Modi’s appeal
The Bharatiya Janata Party is set to launch its Maharashtra poll campaign with a blitzkrieg of 300 public meetings across the State over 48 hours, starting Tuesday.
The power-packed two days will set the stage for its chief campaigner Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who, according to party sources, will address 23-25 rallies in 7-9 phases.
After the separation with its long-time saffron partner, the Shiv Sena, the BJP is banking heavily on Mr. Modi’s appeal to repeat its spectacular Lok Sabha win.
It will fight the poll with the slogan Chhatrapati Cha Ashirvad, Chalo Chale Modi Ke Saath (Let us seek blessings of Chhatrapati Shivaji and walk along with Modi). The reference to Shivaji, observers say, is to appeal to the dominant Maratha population. Termed “Mulukh Maidan,” the two days of rallies that will cover every constituency makes a reference to the Maratha warrior.
Mulukh Maidan was a feared cannon that was a part of the arsenal of Shivaji’s armies.
Fighting without the Sena for the first time in 25 years, the BJP will contest 257 seats in the 288-member Assembly. Its allies will fight in the remaining 31 seats. The Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathan will contest 14 seats, the RPI-A eight seats, the Rashtriya Samaj Paksh seven and the Shiv Sangram four.
Marathon meetings
To chalk out the poll strategy, BJP president Amit Shah held marathon meetings with senior leaders here on Saturday and Sunday. He, however, kept away from the media.
Among the 53 leaders who will address the “Mulukh Maidan” rallies are Union Ministers Radha Mohan Singh (South Maharashtra), Smriti Irani (Pune), Nitin Gadkari, Prakash Javadekar (Nashik), Kailash Mishra, Uma Bharti and Santosh Gangawar.
BJP vice-presidents Purushottam Rupala (Satara and Sangali) and Vinay Sahastrabuddhe (Thane), party national secretary Murlidhar Rao (Latur and Solapur), Delhi BJP leader Vijendra Gupta and ex-MP and cricketer Navjot Singh Sidhu will also address meetings.
Party spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said the strategy behind having so many rallies was to start the campaign with an “impact” and create a ripple “effect” in favour of the party in the entire State.
Till 2009, owing to its alliance with the Sena, the party could only fight 119 seats. “We want to reach as many people as we can,” he said.

Gurram Jashuva rememberedUpdated: September 29, 2014 01:29 IST
Gurram Jashuva remembered
Prakasam Collector G.S.R.K.R.Vijaykumar paying floral tributes to noted poet Gurram Jashuva in Ongole on Sunday. - Photo: Kommuri Srinivas
Rich tributes were paid to noted poet Gurram Jashuva on his 119th birth anniversary here on Sunday.
Former Minister G.V.Seshu, Prakasam Collector G.S.R.K.R.Vijaykumar, Dalita Hakulu Parirakshana Samiti district president N. Nagendra Rao, Madiga Reservation Porata Samiti State general secretary U.Brahmaiah Madiga, AP Union of Working Journalists State general secretary I.V.Subba Rao were among those who garlanded the statue of Jashuva, a noted scholar both in Telugu and Sanskrit, at the Prakasam Bhavan here.
A remembrance meeting was held in which the dignitaries showered praises on the great poet whose verses had been adopted in the cremation ground scene in the popular play Harischandra. The Collector recalled that yeomen services rendered by Jashuva for the betterment of Dalits. The Collector was felicitated for getting the national literacy award for his pet programme ‘Prakasam Akshara Vijayam’.
Mr. Seshu said that Jashuva, who had fought against untouchability through his works, including Gabbilam (A Bat), Firadausi (A Rebel), and Kandiseekudu (A Refugee), was a role model for the society.

PSUs to form 2 JVs for revival of Talcher fertilizer plant: Ministerjoint venture
Talcher will be the first plant to use coal gasification technology.
State-owned companies such as Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers (RCF) and GAIL will form two joint ventures to revive the closed urea plant at Talcher in Odisha with an estimated investment of Rs.9,000 crore, Fertliser Minister Ananath Kumar said here on Friday.
RCF, Coal India, GAIL and Fertilizer Corporation of India Ltd. (FCIL) will form the joint ventures.
The first joint venture (JV) will be for setting up of an upstream coal gasification unit and the second JV is for a urea-cum-ammonia nitrate complex.
Talcher will be the first plant in the country using coal gasification technology.
“The plant will have a capacity of 1.3 million tonnes per annum of urea and 3.3 lakh litres of ammonium nitrate per annum and around Rs.9,000 crore will be invested in this project with an aim of generating employment,” Mr. Kumar told reporters here.
He added that signing of a memorandum of understanding (MoU) between PSUs would be held before November. The Minister was speaking after the meeting with Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and Secretary, Fertilisers, J. K. Mohapatra.
Mr. Pradhan said: “With the setting up of this plant, our aim is to generate employment opportunities in North-Eastern parts of the country.”
This is perhaps the first greenfield plant in the fertiliser sector in almost in the last 10 years.
Mr. Kumar said work was also going on to revive the Ramagundam fertilizer plant. There were also plans to set up 2-3 fertilizer plants near the Jagdispur-Haldia gas pipeline.

UK Joins Strikes Against ISIS In IraqUK Approves Strike Against ISIS In Iraq
Reuters
reddit
A picture shows the Houses of Parliament where lawmakers are expected to vote in favour of joining air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in central London on 26 September, 2014. British Prime Minister David Cameron warned that military action against Islamic State (IS) militants could last for 'years' Friday as he urged lawmakers to back joining US-led air strikes in Iraq but not in Syria. Kicking off a crunch debate in the House of Commons, Cameron said the 'hallmarks' of the campaig
By Andrew Osborn and William James
LONDON, Sept 26 (Reuters) - Britain's parliament approved air strikes against Islamic State (IS) insurgents in Iraq by a decisive margin on Friday, paving the way for the Royal Air Force to join U.S.-led military action with immediate effect.
Six Cyprus-based Tornado GR4 fighter-bombers were on standby to take part in initial sorties after Prime Minister David Cameron recalled parliament from recess to back military action following a formal request from the Iraqi government.
He told lawmakers before the vote not to expect a "shock and awe" air campaign, while his office said a small number of service people could be sent to Iraq within hours of the vote to guide air strikes and, possibly, to train Iraqi and Kurdish regional peshmerga forces battling IS militant forces.
The 524-43 vote means Britain will embark on its first military campaign since it conducted air strikes in 2011 on behalf of Libyan rebels who toppled Muammar Gaddafi, and join an international coalition led by the United States.
While Arab countries have quickly joined the bombing campaign, Washington's traditional Western allies had been slow to answer the call from U.S. President Barack Obama. France was the first European country to respond, on Sept. 19, but since Monday, Australia, Belgium, the Netherlands and Denmark have announced they would dispatch warplanes.
Cameron was careful to secure cross-party support for strikes against IS before putting a motion before parliament.
"Is there a threat to the British people? The answer is yes," Cameron told parliament before the vote, saying he thought action would need to last "years" to be effective.
"This is not a threat on the far side of the world. Left unchecked, we will face a terrorist caliphate on the shores of the Mediterranean and bordering a NATO member, with a declared and proven intention to attack our country and our people."
Britain, a staunch U.S. ally, was quick to join military action in Afghanistan and Iraq a decade ago. But a war-weary public and parliament's rejection last year of strikes on the Syrian government prompted Cameron to tread carefully this time.
Before Friday, Britain had confined itself to delivering aid, carrying out surveillance, arming Kurdish forces who are fighting IS militants, and promising training in Iraq.
But the beheading of a British aid worker by an Islamic State militant with a British accent has driven home the danger the group poses to domestic security. The fate of another Briton being held, Alan Henning, has also stirred public opinion.
SKEPTICISM
Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the spiritual leader of the world's 80 million Anglicans, said he supported British military action but cautioned that "over time" a different approach, using ideology and religion, needed to be adopted to defeat Islamic State.
Cameron's tactics dismayed some legislators in his Conservative Party who said they thought striking IS in Iraq was insufficient and wanted him to extend action to tackle militants in Syria too, something he said he wasn't ready to do for now.
During a lively parliamentary debate, Richard Ottoway, the Conservative chairman of parliament's foreign affairs committee, said IS was ranging at will across an unguarded border between Iraq and Syria, meaning it had to be targeted in both countries.
"We will never end this conflict by turning back at the border," Ottoway told parliament.
Cameron explained he had not proposed air strikes in Syria because he realized there were concerns within the opposition Labor party about such action. Labor has said any such action would require a U.N. resolution on Syria.
"I do believe there is a strong case for us to do more in Syria but I did not want to bring a motion to the house today which there wasn't consensus for," said Cameron.
"Of course ... there are many concerns about doing more in Syria and I understand that."
Some Conservatives harbor doubts about the efficacy of the Iraqi military and say Cameron is wrong to rule out deploying British ground forces, as he repeatedly has.
The scope of the proposed British effort - only six Cyprus-based Tornado GR4 fighter-bombers are initially due to take part in strikes - is modest compared to previous interventions.
That has prompted some Conservatives to accuse Cameron of taking only token action.
"Is he seriously contending that by air strikes alone we can actually roll back ISIL (IS), or is this gesture politics?" Edward Leigh, a Conservative lawmaker, told parliament.
Opposition leader Ed Miliband of Labor said he backed strikes against IS in Iraq, but some lawmakers in his left-leaning party made clear they were uncomfortable about the prospect of any kind of military action.
"The question is, will what the Prime Minister and the government is proposing, will that be effective in destroying ISIS (IS)?," asked David Winnick, a Labor lawmaker.
"Look at what the House of Commons (parliament) agreed to: Iraq, Afghanistan, in this government, Libya. None of them success stories."
Britain says around 500 of its citizens have traveled to fight in Syria and Iraq, raising fears radicalized fighters could return to stage attacks at home - something Cameron has described as the biggest threat to national security. (Additional reporting by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

DA case: 4 years jail term and Rs 100 cr fine for JayalalithaaTamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail in DA case
Yahoo India –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014
Print
Bangalore, Sep 27: A court here Saturday sentenced Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa to four years' jail term and slapped Rs.100-crore fine on her in the Rs.66-crore disproportionate assets' case.
Special judge John Michale Cunha pronounced the sentence and the hefty fine hours after he convicted 66-year-old Jayalalithaa on charges levelled against her by DMK general secretary K. Anbazhagan in 1996.
DMK is the opposition party in Tamil Nadu.
Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh said the judge also sentenced the three co-accused people -- V.K. Sasikala, V. N. Sudhakaran and J. Illavarasi to four-year jail term, as they too were convicted on the same grounds as Jayalalithaa under the relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The judge also slapped a fine of Rs.10 crore each on the co-accused and sentenced them to an additional six months of simple imprisonment with a fine of Rs.10,000 each, which will run concurrently.
Saturday's developments
6:30 pm: All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supporters pelted stones at Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) chief M Karunanidhi's residence on Friday, after Jayalalithaa was convicted in the disproportionate assets case.
6:20 pm: Mourning Jayalalithaa's conviction, a supporter said, "We can't accept any other leader, I don't feel like living in this world without the word 'Amma'.
6:15 pm: Amid vociferous protests in support of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, an All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supporter on Saturday made a self immolation attempt in Chennai against special court's verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty in disproportionate assets case.
6:00 pm: Soon after hearing a Bangalore special court's verdict in connection with a disproportionate assets case, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AADMK) leader J.Jayalalithaa reportedly complained of dizziness, and had to be rushed to a hospital.
5:45 pm: The others convicts [V.K. Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Illavarasi] have also been given a jail term of four years and along with a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
5:30 pm: Jayalalithaa cannot contest elections for the next 10 years as she has been barred from trying her electoral fortune for six years after the end of her jail term.
5:00 pm: Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to 4 years in jail. She has to pay a fine of Rs 100 crore as well.
4:15 pm: Nearly 20 buses were damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district.
3: 45 pm: Appearing before the court four times, Jayalalithaa has answered 1,339 questions in closed door hearings during which she has maintained that the case was "politically motivated" and "fabricated" at the instance of her rival DMK.
3:30 pm: The Karnataka government has so far spent Rs 2.86 crore on playing host to the case, according to documents obtained by an RTI activist. [CNN IBN]
3:20 pm: Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu following the verdict. Traffic halted in many places and a bus has been burnt in Kancheepuram.
3: 05 pm: The verdict was delivered at a makeshift court in the Parappana Agrahara prison complex in Bangalore where Jayalalithaa and the other accused were present.
3: 00 pm: The maximum jail term she could face is 7 years, while the minimum is one year. If she is sentenced for less than 3 years, she can apply for bail, else she will be sent to prison.
2: 55 pm: The case was transferred to Bangalore's Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who had expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial with Jayalalithaa as chief minister.
2: 50 pm: Pronouncing the order, special Judge John Michael Cunha held Jayalalithaa guilty of amassing wealth disproportionate to known sources of her income under sections 109 and 120 (b) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, said Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh.
"The quantum of sentence will be decided by the judge later, which can range from two to seven years," Singh added.
2:45 pm: According to reports, Jayalalithaa is likely to appoint a partyman as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
2: 43 pm: Following this judgement, Jayalalithaa automatically stands disqualified as an MLA of the Tamil Nadu assembly and will have to step down as the chief minister immediately.
2: 40 pm: Earlier on Friday, Jayalalithaa's plea to postpone the pronouncement of its verdict in the disproportionate assets case was rejected by the Supreme Court.
2: 35 pm: Her former friend V K Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran and J Illavarasi are the co-accused in the case.
2: 26 pm: The AIADMK chief is accused of obtaining assets worth almost Rs. 66 crore through dishonest means during her first tenure as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996.
2: 22 pm: All the four convicted in the 18-year-old corruption case. Sentencing and quantum of punishment to be made at 3 PM
2: 20 pm: Jayalalithaa is convicted under prevention of corruption act.
AIADMK supporters, police clash
Earlier, police in Bangalore had to resort to a lathi-charge to control dozens of AIADMK supporters who were protesting against the conviction of Jayalalithaa. Heavy security has been deployed in Bangalore to main peace and order in the city.
DMK celebrates
Meanwhile, the DMK leaders and cadre have begun to celebrate, bursting crackers and distributing sweets.
The case
The Rs 66.65-crore assets case dates back to Jayalalithaa's first term as the chief minister, from 1991 to 1996. It was filed before a special court in Chennai in 1997 by the Tamil Nadu's Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption.
The case was transferred to Bangalore's Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who had expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial with Jayalalithaa as chief minister.
Jayalalithaa, who has seen several ups and downs in her political career, in 2001 too had to quit as Tamil Nadu chief minister following the Supreme Court declaring null and void the action of the then Governor Fatima Beevi appointing her as the chief minister as she had been sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
Thereafter, O Paneerselvan, a junior minister in her council of ministers, was appointed as the state’s chief minister.
However, by 2002, she was cleared of all charges and sworn-in again as the chief minister.
Recommend

Modi is Lulas successor as leader of the global poorTime to meet the world.(Reuters/Eduardo Munoz)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 28, 2014
Narendra Modi’s rise to the top of Indian politics took place in May when he was elected as the country’s new prime minister in a landslide victory. His rise to the top of global politics began this weekend.
Modi  speaks today  in a sold-out appearance at Madison Square Garden in New York, which demonstrates both his mass appeal away from home and the size of the Indian disapora. Yesterday Modi spoke at the UN General Assembly and touched on themes including spreading democracy, fighting terrorism, protecting the environment, and encouraging the aspirations of people not just in India, but around the world.
“No one country or group of countries can determine the course of this world,” Modi said. “There has to be a genuine international partnership… I say this from the conviction of the philosophical tradition that I come from.”
His words, and the manner in which he conveyed them, suggests that the world again has a leader who speaks for the billions of non-Westerners whose interests, although acknowledged, are often ignored. One they haven’t had since January 2011, when Brazil’s Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva left office.
Lula was once labeled the “ most popular politician on Earth ,” by Barack Obama. It was no exaggeration. A former auto worker and founder of the socialist Worker’s Party, Lula—as he became known—escaped poverty and embraced market-friendly policies that helped Brazil to become one of the fastest-growing countries in the world. He was also a leader in poverty alleviation through programs like Bolsa Familia , where families are paid a monthly stipend to send their children to school and get health checks. But it was on the world stage that he really captured the imaginations of the poor around the world by talking tough to wealthy countries.
Tap image to zoom
Lula set a high standard for Modi to follow.(Reuters/Sergio Moraes)
Lula regularly spoke about how multi-lateral institutions like the IMF and World Bank favored rich countries and rejected their policies .  In the midst of the financial crisis, he famously blamed “the blue-eyed bankers” for the troubles that befell the world economy. He explained what he meant to PBS :
I am married with a woman that has blonde hair and blue eyes. The problem is that when I gave this interview, I was with [former British prime minister] Gordon Brown. He was in Brazil. And there was a persecution going on to the immigrants, especially in Europe—the blacks in Europe, the Latinos—and I said very clearly, the crisis was caused not by blacks or by Latinos, the crisis was caused by the bankers that have blue eyes.
Since Lula left the world stage, the global poor has been lacking a leader to stand up for it. Modi could be that person, although the parallels with Lula are not perfect. Modi hails from the Indian right and Lula came from the Brazilian left, though both surround themselves with technocrats to help with the actual running of government. Different as Modi and Lula may be, the Indian prime minister is emphasizing many of the same issues his Brazilian counterpart spoke about a decade ago
At the UN, Modi touched on international trade and “more inclusive development.” Lula helped kill the so-called Doha round of World Trade Organization talks—began in 2001 and still unfinished to this day—over disagreements about agriculture subsidies and tariffs. Modi also took up one of Lula’s favorite bugbears—reform of the UN Security Council. “Let us fulfill our promise to reform the United Nations Security Council by 2015,” he said. And like Lula did throughout his tenure, Modi acknowledged the plight of the poor: “Billions live on the edge of poverty and want; countries that are barely able to survive a global economic storm.”
As for Modi’s vision for how the emerging world will look in the future:
We can achieve the same level of development, prosperity and well being without necessarily going down the path of reckless consumption. It doesn’t mean that economies will suffer; it will mean that our economies will take on a different character.
In saying so, Modi echoed Lula’s vow to avoid the Chinese model of growth :
We don’t want to be competitive like China is, where there’s no welfare program, where you have no obligation to the workers, pension funds, trade unions, and people earn very low wages. We don’t want that model for us.
It’s still early days, of course. When Modi was elected, he promised “to make the 21st century India’s century.” The hopes of even more than 1.25 billion Indians may rest on his shoulders.
Share this:

Health scheme awaits PMOnodPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:19 am
More than two years after it was first envisioned, the Union Health Ministry has sent a concept note to the Prime Minister’s Office on universal health coverage (now called health assurance).
The partly insurance-based scheme that borrows from Central Government Health Scheme, Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana and the Andhra Pradesh government’s Arogyashri scheme has five major components — preventive and promotive healthcare, free drugs, free diagnostics, admission in government hospitals or referral to private providers and tertiary care. The per person annual expense, as per the report of the high-level committee set up by the Ministry under Dr Ranjit Roychowdhury, comes to Rs 600 for primary healthcare, an additional Rs 400 for secondary healthcare and Rs 150 more for tertiary care.
In the concept note, the Ministry has mooted the formation of a trust, like in Arogyashri, that will process treatment expenses with the government paying the full premium amount for the poor and a part of it for people who are better off. Affluent sections who do not want to opt for private insurance will have the option of enrolling with the trust against payment of the full premium amount.
The income ceilings will have to be worked out and the total cost of the scheme — if it is approved by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in its proposed format — will depend on that figure. The per capita cost calculations made by the Roychowdhury committee are still being debated within the Ministry, sources said.

New buildings keep guzzling  small steps at home giant leap for energysavingPrint
Between 2000 and 2011, a total of 791 million tonnes of oil equivalent energy was saved, thanks to measures like these, some of which were thrust by the government, and others a result of individual initiatives.
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:16 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 11:15 am
All the extra money that you spent on installing CFL lights in your homes, in buying new LED television sets, and on five-star rated air-conditioners and refrigerators instead of three-star ones, have proved to be worthwhile, having resulted in huge energy savings for India in the last decade.
Between 2000 and 2011, a total of 791 million tonnes of oil equivalent energy was saved, thanks to measures like these, some of which were thrust by the government, and others a result of individual initiatives.
Because of these savings, about 10,836 MW of electricity generation was avoided, according to the initial findings of the first of its kind study being carried out by ICF International, a consultancy firm. In terms of electricity, 95.3 billion units were saved. India’s annual consumption of electricity is about 700 billion units. If this entire saved electricity had to be produced from coal-based thermal power plants, India would have burnt another 98 million tonnes of coal.
A bulk of these savings have come after 2006, once the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE), that was created in 2002, started pushing various energy efficiency schemes.
“Our annual energy consumption has been growing at about 5 per cent per year, while we are now saving at about 1 per cent a year. What it means, therefore, is that in the absence of these savings, our consumption would have been growing at 6 per cent a year, putting further strain on our resources. Saving energy is the only way to grow faster,” said Ajay Mathur, BEE director general.
Energy efficiency measures — CFL bulbs, LED screens and lights, five-star rated ACs and refrigerators — accounted for nearly 60 per cent of the energy savings. The rest was attributable to “structural shifts” like the transition from kerosene or wood to LPG as cooking fuel, or increased production of energy by renewable sources, and the use of technologically advanced household and industrial equipments, according to the ICF study.
Less than 25 per cent of the savings due to efficiency measures were a result of BEE initiatives, the study reveals. A large part of the efficiency measures were voluntary, indicating that people were becoming more conscious of the need to save energy and the long-term economic benefits coming out of it.
The results of the study have important implications for India’s strategy on climate change as well. The energy intensity — amount of energy used to produce one unit of GDP — has, in dollar terms, reduced 25 per continued…

Flood-hit Kashmir village redoubles call for freedomThe Hindu Locals of Arigutan village in South Kashmir's Kulgam district sort out their belongings from their ravaged home on Sunday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
Jammu and Kashmir
“Omar failed us, and we don’t want another election”
Abdul Ghani Bhat and nearly 2,000 others in Arigutan village, two km from Kulgam town and abutting the Pir Panjal mountain range, ran for their lives when they noticed the nearby Vishu stream swelling alarmingly on the evening of September 5. Mr. Bhat and his family ran up the hills, where they spent the first 24 hours in the open, drenched in heavy rain, before managing to reach a school; nearly 600 people crammed into it for four days.
When they returned, the village had been wrecked.
The people are now hurrying to put together some shelter before the harsh winter descends on the Himalayan Valley.
Mr. Bhat was calm as he spoke about the relief that had reached them in a trickle, and why the Assembly election — due in December-January — must not take place until the situation improves. “We are struggling to have a roof over our head. And half the population of our village is still away,” he said.
Not far from the district headquarters, Arigutan is among the better-serviced villages, but still people are angry over the collapse of the State government machinery. Mohammad Yousuf, in his early 20s, abruptly interrupted Mr. Bhat’s soft talk. “We want no election, no selection,” he declared. “We want only azaadi,” he shouted, and many others, mute listeners until then, joined the chorus. “[Chief Minister] Omar Abdullah is roaming around in helicopters. He failed us and we don’t want another election,” another said.
The village had voted in good numbers in the recent Lok Sabha election.
Control of relief supply
Adding an interesting twist to his arguments, Mr. Yousuf wants only the Army to manage the relief operations. “The National Conference and the People’s Democratic Party [PDP] are fighting with each other and cornering the relief supply. The Army has been fair and only they must be in charge of the relief supply,” he says. But that does not take away his focus from azaadi. “India and Pakistan have squeezed us Kashmiris. Leave us alone.”
With the credibility of the civilian administration having taken a hit, Mr. Abdullah may have to bear its immediate political cost. Senior government officials admit that the collapse of the State machinery in the wake of floods further eroded the standing of the Abdullah government. The government’s connect with the people had already been weak, as Ashfaq, a driver at the Shopian fruit market, declared, “When the PDP was in power, a university and a hospital were sanctioned for the town. The buildings were built, but after the NC came to power, nothing has moved,” he said.
Mr. Abdullah wants the election delayed, but the PDP, the BJP, and the Congress favour it on time. The main argument against holding elections is that officials who are overseeing the relief and restoration work will be redeployed and dislocated people will find it tough during the winters. “That is a valid point, but then if you wait for complete normalcy, it will take several months. On the other hand, elections will infuse some economic activity, and a new elected government will be quick on its feet with rebuilding,” says a senior official in the State government.

Common Pesticide May Face Tough Restrictions In CaliforniaCalifornia May Heavily Restrict Pesticide Chlorpyrifos, Which Sickened Dozens In Recent Years
 | By                                                                SCOTT SMITH
Updated:
09/26/2014  8:59 am EDT
A "Do Not Enter" sign marks a field of head cabbage during the spraying of pesticides near Chualar, Calif., Monday, Sept. 16, 2002.  | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
FRESNO, Calif. (AP) — California farmers who spray a widely used insecticide on some of the state's most abundant crops may soon have to overcome the nation's steepest restrictions or find another pest killer, officials said Thursday.
Regulators are proposing heavy restrictions — but not an all-out ban — on chlorpyrifos, used to treat crops like grapes and almonds. The pesticide, in use since 1965, has sickened dozens of farmworkers in recent years. Traces have been found in waterways, threatening fish, and regulators say overuse could make targeted insects immune to the pesticide.
"We've come up with a clear idea of when it's really needed and what are the alternatives," said Brian Leahy, director of the California Department of Pesticide Regulation. "We want to preserve this tool for when you really need it."
But he expects pushback from across California's agricultural industry, which leads the nation in production.
Joel Nelson, president of the California Citrus Mutual, said that because somebody misused the pesticide, everybody shouldn't be punished with restrictions. Nelson said regulators in Sacramento want to apply a "broad-brush approach," which isn't right. Alternatives pesticides exist, but he said they're not as effective and are more expensive.
"What's a producer to do, let his cotton production be destroyed by a pest, or should they spray it?" Nelson said.
The pesticide is sprayed on 60 different crops, which also include alfalfa, walnuts, oranges and cotton. Up to 2 million pounds each year are sprayed in California.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in 2012 enacted restrictions on chlorpyrifos, placing buffers around sensitive sites, like schools.
That wasn't enough for California officials, who say the history of companies not following the rules requires a proactive stance. No deaths have been reported, but the state cites 136 people reporting exposure to the pesticide between 2001 and 2011.
Symptoms include difficulty breathing, coughing, itchy eyes, nausea, lightheadedness, disorientation and headache.
In 2007, officials say 26 vineyard workers in Tulare County were exposed to chlorpyrifos being sprayed in a neighboring almond orchard. The firm that applied the pesticide was fined $28,600.
In 2008, 13 field workers in Monterey County clearing rocks were exposed. Seven became ill, and the company that applied the pesticide was fined $3,120. And in 2009, six landfill workers in Kern County got sick from spraying at a nearby orange grove, resulting in a $12,000 fine, state officials said.
The proposed requirements call for trained, licensed professionals to obtain a permit from their county's agricultural commissioner, who can add requirements based on the location, date of spraying and wind conditions. Those applying it must have a recommendation from the state's Department of Pesticide Regulation.
California's proposal would extend restrictions to all agricultural products containing chlorpyrifos, which federal officials said would make it the nation's most restrictive.
Even so, Veena Singla, a staff scientist for the National Resources Defense Council, said that California's proposal falls far short.
"It's sort of a baby step they took, when they need to take a big leap forward," she said.
The NRDC was among a coalition of environmental health groups that filed a federal lawsuit earlier this month against the U.S Environmental Protection Agency, seeking a national ban on chlorpyrifos. The advocacy groups say the pesticide interferes with brain development of fetuses, infants and children.
"It's really inadequate to protect California's families and environment," Singla said.
The public 45 has days from Friday to comment on the proposed restrictions, which could go into effect early 2015.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

U.S. plans to sell the UAE thousands of bomb-resistant vehiclesBy Dan Lamothe September 26 Follow @danlamothe
A new mine-resistant, ambush-protected all-terrain vehicle, built specifically for the mountainous Afghan terrain, parks next to a larger MRAP at Kandahar airfield in Afghanistan on Oct. 22, 2009. (Spec. Elisabet Freeburg/U.S. Army)
The United States is close to a $2.5 billion deal with the United Arab Emirates that will send 4,569 mine-resistant vehicles to the Middle Eastern country as Washington wraps up its long war in Afghanistan.
The Pentagon announced the pending deal  Friday. It calls for a foreign military sale of Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles, along with the necessary parts, equipment, training and logistical support.
“MRAPs,” as they are commonly known, are made by numerous manufacturers and have been commonly used in Iraq and Afghanistan to protect U.S. and coalition service members from improvised explosive devices buried in the roads. They were developed with a V-shaped armored hull to deflect bomb blasts.
The deal with the UAE, an Arab partner in airstrikes launched in Syria this week, calls for Washington to deliver mostly MaxxPro MRAPs made by Navistar Defense, a truck maker with headquarters in Lisle, Ill. Other principal contractors involved include BAE Systems of Sealy, Tex., and Oshkosh Defense in Oshkosh, Wis.
The vehicles would be refurbished and sold to the UAE as excess defense articles that were previously owned by the U.S. Army, officials said. Defense officials have said that they have been looking to sell excess MRAPs to partner nations for some time, but the scope of the deals were not clear.
“This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the U.S. by helping to improve the security of a friendly country that has been and continues to be an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East,” the Pentagon’s Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a news release.
“The UAE intends to utilize the [excess] MRAP vehicles to increase force protection, to conduct humanitarian assistance operations, and to protect vital international commercial trade routes and critical infrastructure,” the agency said. “Additionally, these MRAPs will enhance UAE’s burden sharing capacity and defensive capabilities.”
It marks the second time in a week that the Pentagon has announced the sale of MRAPs to another nation. Last week, the Defense Department said it was close to a $198 million deal that would send 160 MRAPs to Pakistan. In announcing that deal, U.S. officials said that Pakistan already has some MRAPs,and has successfully demonstrated the ability to operate and maintain them. Pakistan continues to face an IED threat from militant groups, including the Taliban and the Haqqani Network.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Apple defends complaints of bending iPhonesApple plays defence on iPhone 6 bending, software concerns
By By Arathy S Nair and Sam Adams | Reuters –  Fri 26 Sep, 2014
View Photo
An iPhone 6 phone is seen on display at the Fifth Avenue Apple store on the first …
Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones, hours after withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.
"With normal use, a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an email.
Apple shares closed down nearly 4 percent at $97.87 on Thursday, wiping out nearly $23 billion in market value.
The new phones face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate". Social media and online forums have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans.
Apple said its iPhones feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high-stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.
The only way an iPhone may have bent is if someone put it in their back pocket and sat on the phone for a very long time, said Laban Roomes, chief executive of Goldgenie, which customizes and gold plates iPhones.
Apple was also forced to withdraw a faulty update to its latest operating system after some users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions.
"We apologise for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Muller said.
Apple said on its website it was working on an iOS update to fix the issue, and will release it in the next few days. (http://bit.ly/1qxHWGR)
"I do believe this speaks to execution issues at Apple," said JMP Securities analyst Alex Gauna. "At the end of the day I believe this too shall pass, but we are noting with concern that the miscues pile up."
Apple said on Monday it had shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus also complained about the inability to use the fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating to iOS 8.0.1.
Some users had complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after moving to iOS 8, Time magazine reported earlier this week. (http://ti.me/1pqlCPt)
On Thursday, Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8, launched last week, through the latest version of iTunes. The health app will not work for now and will be fixed in the next software update, the company said.
Customers might, however, hope for replacements for their bent iPhones, depending on whether their devices passed an inspection, tech news website The Next Web reported, quoting an Apple support executive. (http://tnw.co/1rlv7mW)
"It's not game over for Apple, but nor should we give them a pass on this," Gauna said.
Cases of bent iPhones 5 and 5s had been reported in 2013 by Cult of Mac, a website that exclusively covers Apple. (http://bit.ly/1sjZbOT)
Rival smartphone makers took digs at Apple's problems.
A Samsung Electronics Co Ltd advertisement showcased a bending phone against its own product, while BlackBerry Ltd CEO John Chen said: "I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport."
Nestle SA's Kit-Kat chocolate wafer brand tweeted "We don't bend, we break".
(Additional reporting by Sarah McBride in New York; Supantha Mukherjee and Ankush Sharma in Bangalore; Writing by Joyjeet Das; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
More on Tech Trends

Rail project to raise coal output set to missdeadlineWritten by Avishek G Dastidar , Deepu Sebastian Edmond | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:45 am
A Prime Minister-monitored railway project linked to increasing India’s coal output by 100 million tonnes in two years is stuck indefinitely. The work on the project, a set of three railway links officially classified as “critical” in Jharkhand, Orissa and Chhattisgarh, has not started because the states have not handed over land even after receiving environmental clearance and despite readiness on part of Railway and Coal ministries to start the work.
Now, officials have told the PMO that the project will miss the crucial deadline of 2016-17 if the land is not made available immediately. As per the official timeline, meeting the deadline was subject to the availability of land between September and November, which is unlikely to happen. The lines are for Tori-Shivpur (44 km) and Shivpur-Kathautia (53 km) in North Karanpura, Jharkhand; Jharsuguda-Barpalli-Sardega line (53 km) in Orissa; and Bhupdevpuir-Korichapan-Dharamjaigarh (180 km) in Mand-Raigarh coalfield, Chhattisgarh.
The Cabinet Secretariat takes stock of the progress in this project many times in a week. The matter is being monitored by the PMO, and top officials from the Centre have had a round of meetings on this as well but to no avail since there is nothing they can do except request the states. Of the three states, it is Jharkhand where the problem seems to have hit a deadlock.
Central officials met Jharkhand Chief Secretary earlier this month — one of the many such meetings in the recent past to break the deadlock — but they were told that a large tract of land, around 200 acres pledged to the project, needs to be acquired as per the new Land Acquisition Act, sources said. Earlier, the state had also been citing the unavailability of land records for certain other portions of land.
Jharkhand officials have told The Indian Express that the transfer process of the land that is in possession of private parties (rayati land) might take over a year’s time to complete. “Under the new Land Acquisition Act, we have to get a Social Impact Assessment study conducted on these lands. Then, there is the process of paying compensation. There could also be claims made under the FRA and adivasi lands involved. It will take not less than one year,” said J B Tubid, Principal Secretary of Revenue and Land Reforms, Jharkhand government.
The government-controlled land, Tubid claimed, would be transferred in a fortnight. Of the over 950 acres of land identified in Jharkhand, 49 per cent had been handed over in the past. It is the remaining 51 per cent or 488 acres that is crucial to start the project. Around 40 per cent of the coal expected from these three lines is in Jharkhand.
The state, however, blamed the Railways for the delay. “The delay happened because the Railways used the 1938 land survey as the basis for continued…

Two fresh clashes inVadodaraPolicemen patrol a street in Vadodara on Saturday night. ( Source: Express photo by Bhupendra Rana )
Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:36 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 2:39 am
Communal tension continued to escalate in Vadodara Sunday as two more cases of clashes were reported from the city. The pattern of the clashes suggested that the violence was spreading beyond the walled city areas. On Saturday, one stabbing incident was reported from the city even as the police suspended mobile data services till September 30 to pre-empt rumour-mongering through social media.
Meanwhile, the Navapura police arrested one Sanjay Bagh in connection with the Saturday’s stabbing of a 28-year-old man. The police said Bagh is a a BJP worker, who also used to be in bootlegging.
Following the continued instances of communal violence, city police authorities arrested around 80 people, charging them with rioting. At the same time, sources said, six senior IPS officers, who have worked in the city earlier, have been specially called in to help local police maintain law and order.
On Sunday, the first incident of communal violence was reported at around 3 pm from Kaladarshan Char Rasta on Waghodia Road when a 28-year-old tea vendor, Shailesh Rajput, was attacked by masked assailants. The victim was returning to his tea stall from home after having lunch break. He sustained multiple stab injuries on his back. He was rushed to hospital for treatment even as anger and fear prevailed among locals in the absence of any police presence. Immediately, a unit of the SRPF was stationed there.
The second incident of communal violence was reported from Mangal Bazaar, where a 48-year-old trader, Mahendra Dangi, was attacked in Yakutpura. He sustained injuries on the back of his head and his left ear was slashed. He was rushed to SSG Hospital where his condition was reported critical but stable. Dangi, an employee of the municipal corporation, told the police that his colleague, Balwant Singh, was also attacked.
Apart from these two incidents of communal violence, the sources said, one more incident was reported from Mangal Bazaar where a trader was attacked by unidentified persons though the victim chose not to go to the police and report the incident.
Police Commissioner E Radhakrishnaiah said, “There has been one incident of stabbing this afternoon and we have received the names of some suspects. So far, over 80 people have been arrested for rioting since yesterday.” The city has remained on the edge since communal riots began Thursday evening after the circulation of an objectionable image of a deity on WhatsApp.

SP MLA booked under SC/ST Act for assault onengineerPrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:28 am
Samajwadi Party MLA from Mainpuri, Raj Kumar Yadav, has been booked under the SC/ST Act for allegedly assaulting and illegally detaining an executive engineer in the district.
An FIR was registered against Yadav and five of his supporters on Saturday based on a written complaint by executive engineer Mahendra Kumar, said Shiv Kumar Sharma, in-charge of the Kotwali police station, Mainpuri.
“Kumar has alleged that he was assaulted, abused and kept in illegal detention by Yadav and his supporters on Friday,” Sharma said. The FIR has been registered under IPC sections 332 (voluntarily causing hurt), 353 (criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 342 (wrongful confinement), 506 (criminal intimidation) and section 310 of the SC/ST Act
Denying the allegations, he said he met Kumar only after he had been allegedly roughed up by some persons. “I had complained about the alleged corrupt practices to the top officials in the power department, including the CMD.”
Yadav said about a dozen villages had been protesting against the lack of power supply for some time now. “About two years ago, these villages were provided electricity connections under Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Samagra Gram Vikas Yojna. But for the past several months, these villages are only receiving electricity bills but no power. So on Friday, they protested at the office of the executive engineer,” Yadav said.
He said that being the local MLA, he went to the spot, but only after informing the police officials. “But before my arrival, some protesters had apparently misbehaved with Kumar. When I met him and took up the various allegations of corruption against his clerical staff and the poor services, he felt threatened and later levelled these false allegations against me.”
UP Power Officers Association (UPPOA), however, alleged that the case of “such assault” is not in isolation. “For the past two years, engineers from the ‘reserved’ category are being discriminated against and this was highlighted once again on Friday. The assault is not an isolated case and we have called a meeting on Monday to decide the future course of action over the increasing attacks,” said Avdhesh Kumar Verma, UPPOA’s working president.

Meet the richest person in IndiaTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Nalco to file review petition in SC over quashing of coal blocksNalco to file review petition in SC over quashing of coal blocks
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 28, 2014 08:32 PM IST
Stung by the recent Supreme Court (SC) order, which quashed allocation of 214 coal blocks across the country, National Aluminium Company (Nalco) said it is mulling to file a review petition in the apex court to reconsider its case for Utkal-E, a coal block awarded to the aluminium major that now stands de-allocated.
“As per the SC order, the Utkal-E coal block also stands cancelled. We are consulting our lawyers and in all likelihood, Nalco is going to file a review petition in the apex court. We will request the court to reconsider our case and will explain the reasons for delay in developing the block. Some of the reasons for the delay were beyond our control”, said Nalco chairman cum managing director (CMD) Ansuman Das at a press briefing here.
Das said, Nalco fulfills both the criteria laid down by the top court for allowing operations of the four coal blocks. Out of 218 coal blocks allocated between 1993 and 2010, the top court had allowed four blocks to operate while scrapping 214 others.
Nalco is a PSU. Also, it has not entered into a joint venture with any private company, he reasoned.
The Nalco CMD said the company has invested over Rs 100 crore on the Utkal-E coal block and 60-70 per cent of land for developing the block has already been acquired.
Nalco was given the Utkal-E coal block in August 2004 to meet the coal requirement of its captive power plant at Angul. But delay in land acquisition and obtaining statutory clearances had slowed its progress.
The aluminium major was desperately looking to secure a coal block for its operations since getting the dry fuel via auctions from Coal India controlled mines or imports was not viable.
It had kept its second smelter project in the state proposed in Sundargarh district on hold due to unavailability of a coal block.
But with an appreciation in aluminium prices on the LME (London Metal Exchange) and decline in valuations of coal assets abroad, Nalco has stepped up the hunt to secure a coal block outside Indian shores.
“If we can source coal from overseas, it will be better for us. We are scouting for coal properties in countries like Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Qatar and Iran. Nalco is looking at a coal availability of 20 years and Iran has shown a lot of interest. We will get things worked out by a consultant on our overseas coal hunt”, Das said.
Amid deepening uncertainty in coal availability in the domestic market, Nalco has renewed its efforts to set up a smelting facility abroad. Though the company had initiated some steps in this regard few years back and even set up an office in Indonesia, things have not progressed much.
As of now, five countries have been shortlisted considering various factors like shipping distance from India, availability of required quantum of energy and price viability, geo-political scenario and availability of infrastructure. A consultant is being appointed shortly for ascertaining the best possible destination for the project”, Das said in his speech at the 33rd annual general meeting (AGM) of the company.
Nalco has declared a total dividend of Rs 387 crore for 2013-14.

Bank unions threaten stir as wage talks fail...AIBEA
(The agitational programmes include…)
VADODARA: A day after the umbrella body of the lenders IBA rejected the union's call for steeper wage hikes, the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) has said it will adopt multi-pronged agitational methods from the middle of next month to press for their demands.
The agitational programmes include wearing black badges on October 10, nationwide demonstrations on October 17, and sit-ins at all state capitals between October 18 and 31, which will be followed by one-day nationwide strike, for which the date will be decided later.
The All-India Bank Employees Association ( AIBEA ) general secretary Ch Venkatchalam told PTI that the decision follows the rejection of the union's demand for salary and pension hikes by the Indian Banks Association (IBA) yesterday.
The IBA rejected the call for updating about 5 lakh pension accounts, citing the high cost involved, while the IBA stuck to the 11 per cent salary hike offered at the previous meetings, Venkatchalam said.
"We categorically informed the IBA that the UFBU would be reasonable and flexible in its approach provided the same is reciprocated by the IBA on the issues raised by us and insisted on IBA to improve their offer to take the negotiations forward," he said.
It may be recalled that the UFBU leaders had met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Delhi on June 26 and had sought his intervention for early settlement wage revision.
General secretaries of nine employee unions under the umbrella of UFBU had presented the case for as much as 25 per cent hike in pay slip component.
The UFBU comprises five workers unions-AIBEA, NCBE, BEFI, INBEF and NOBW- and four officer associations of AIBOC, AIBOA, INBOC and NOBO.
The wage revision of public sector bank employees has been due since November 2012. In the last round of wage revision settlement signed in 2010 for 2007-12, the management had agreed to 17.5 percent raise in total salary.
Unions had gone on a two-day nation-wide strike in February to press for their demands. Citing high inflation, they had rejected the management's offer of a 10 percent hike in the cash component of the pay package, which was improved to 11 per cent after the two days nationwide strike.
The 27 public sector banks have a combined employee strength of about 8 lakh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Photos: The protests outside that Narendra Modi and Madison Square Garden wont seeGet every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 26,410 other followers
Build a website with WordPress.com
This website uses technologies not supported by this browser. For the best experience please upgrade your browser. Learn more »
We're currently experiencing technical problems and working with reduced functionality. We should be back in full shortly. Follow us on Twitter for further updates »

CIIE promoted Medulla-Soft bags traffic simulation project for ThaneCIIE promoted Medulla-Soft bags traffic simulation project for Thane
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 28, 2014 08:57 PM IST
Medulla-Soft Technologies Private Limited, a portfolio company of The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A)'s Centre for Innovation Incubation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE) has bagged a traffic simulation study project for Thane.
Through the Thane City Wide Simulation Study Project - to be undertaken in joint venture with Spain's Transport Simulation Systems (TSS) - Medulla-Soft will provide consulting services for citywide traffic study and micro simulation model development for the Thane Municipal Corporation limits.
The first-of-its-kind project in India will make Thane part of a rare group of cities worldwide such as New York, Sydney, Singapore, Melbourne and Barcelona where similar studies have been conducted.
"The Thane City Wide Simulation project will change the landscape of Urban Transport Planning in India. Most of the developed cities of the world plan and propose projects in the Urban Transport space based on City Wide Simulation Models. This would be treated as a guidebook for upcoming Public Transport, Public Parking projects including the Traffic Impact Analysis due to the infrastructure development in the cities. We have received queries from various other cities of India for a similar study," said Shantanu Sharma, Founding Director at Medulla.
Such studies have proved to be very useful for traffic planning of big cities by analyzing traffic ecosystems and providing safe, sustainable and future-proof solutions to growing traffic challenges.
It has also attracted interest from other leading cities in India facing chaos and challenges in the field of urban transport.
Medulla-Soft is the only firm in the country which works on creating 3-D visual simulations for infrastructure projects in the country.
They have been active in the field of traffic simulations in India for the past six years and have executed projects for Metro Rail Corporations, Bus Rapid Transit Corridors, Airports, public private parking as well as city networks such as Delhi, Mumbai, Bhopal, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, and Hyderabad, among others.
Meanwhile, Medulla-Soft has also ventured into the field of Pedestrian Micro simulations for crowd movements and evacuation planning and has successfully executed pilot projects in India.
"Going forward, we will be involved in assisting government agencies in executing challenging projects in this domain such as the Kumbh Mela and disaster management efforts," Shantanu added.

GMR proposes convention centre at Hyderabad airportGMR proposes convention centre at Hyderabad airport
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 28, 2014 08:35 PM IST
The GMR group, which operates the Hyderabad International Airport, intends to build an exhibition-cum-convention centre at a cost of Rs 750 crore. The centre will be a part of the proposed airport city, which is expected to create 15,000 to 20,000 jobs.
According to an official press release, group chairman, GM Rao, made this proposal when he called on Telangana chief minister, K Chandrashekar Rao, on Friday.
GMR has proposed to develop the convention centre in about 50 acres comprising 100,000 sq mts area. The group sought the state government support in this regard.
The chief minister said his government would examine the proposal and arrive at a decision. Meanwhile, he wanted the group to give a thought about developing one more airport towards north of Hyderabad besides setting up a hospital, a theme park and a nature cure centre near the existing airport.

Millions at risk of Flood Re exclusion‘Millions’ put at risk of rocketing premiums by Flood Re exclusion
By Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d081f8a6-45ab-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nick Butler on Mikhail KhodorkovskyAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Radio City promoters mull IPO in Jan-Mar 2015Radio City promoters mull IPO in Jan-Mar 2015
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 12:23 AM IST
Music Broadcast Private Ltd (MBPL), the promoter of private FM station Radio City 91.1 FM, is considering launching an initial public offering (IPO) in the first quarter of 2015. Proceeds from the IPO will be used to run radio stations across the country, including those acquired in the third phase of radio auctions.
Apurva Purohit, chief executive, Radio City, says the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has approved a formula to migrate phase-II licences to phase-III (renew the licences bid for in phase-II for the next phase), adding the company has earmarked Rs 200 crore for this. It has been estimated the cost of acquiring and rolling out new radio stations across the country will be an additional Rs 100-150 crore.
“We have been able to maintain Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) margins of 25-30 per cent year-on-year, through the past two to three years. Currently, we are debt-free. After internal discussions and deliberations, we have concluded between our current cash reserves, fresh equity investment from promoters and loans from banks, we will be able to raise the money for licence extension and acquisition in phase-III,” she says.
Purohit adds the company has had a good record with its lenders and is already in discussion with Axis Bank to raise money for auctions. “The IPO is being considered to source additional funds so we have flexibility in bidding and are able to get all the stations we require, without being constrained for the capex to set up new stations,” she says.
Radio City is present across 20 cities — Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Pune, Hyderabad, Lucknow, Jaipur, Vadodara, Surat, Sholapur, Nagpur, Sangli, Coimbatore, Visakhapatnam, Ahmednagar, Akola, Nanded and Jalgaon. The company plans to increase this count to 40 after the third phase of radio frequency auctions.
The strategy of the company has been to target listeners from SEC (socio-economic class) A and B sections. Currently, Radio City has a share of about 50 per cent in the SEC A and B markets. To retain this share after the 800-odd frequencies have been auctioned in phase-III, the company will need 35-40 stations.
Purohit says during phase-II, the company wasn’t considering aggressive expansion. One of the first entrants into the business, Radio City had set an agenda of operating in markets that provided a balance of high advertising potential and relevance.
“We, therefore, needed just enough presence to remain relevant to our core — SEC A and B — and, at the same time, operate in cities where advertising potential is higher,” says Purohit. This time, the company’s strategy also includes maintaining the market shares it has gained through the past decade and expanding its footprint across SEC A and B.

Hong Kong democracy battle enters new stageHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

4 militants killed in AssamshootoutPrint
Express News Service | Guwahati | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:16 am
The outlawed National Democratic Front of Bodoland (Songbijit) suffered a major blow when four of its members were killed Sunday in a fierce encounter by security forces in Kokrajhar district in western Assam.
Among the slain rebels is Muhar Basumatary, the second-in-command of the faction. Many sophisticated arms and ammunition, including an AK-56 rifle, three pistols and several hand grenades were also recovered in the operation.
An official said that the Army has been carrying out operations in the remote areas of Kokrajhar and Chirang districts in the wake of the NDFB’s raising day on October 3, 2014.

Maoist leader involved in major attacks arrested inJharkhandPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:12 am
A Maoist leader, allegedly involved in either planning or executing three major attacks in four years in Jharkhand’s Santhal Pargana region, was arrested from Dumka district on Saturday.
Sukhlal Murmu (39), known as Prabirda within the party, hails from Giridih district’s Pirtand and was arrested from Dumka’s Ramgarh police station area. He is listed as an accused in the murder of Catholic nun Valsa John in 2011, killing of Pakur’s Superintendent of Police Amarjit Balihar in 2013 and the attack on officials returning after conducting the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.
“He has accepted that the CPI-Maoist was involved in the murder of Sister Valsa John and that he led the attack on SP Balihar. More details will emerge on further interrogation,” said Anoop Mathew, Dumka’s Superintendent of Police.
Sources said the CPI-Maoist leadership was so impressed with Prabirda’s work that in July-August this year, it accepted his request to form a Special Area Committee and named him a member. He was arrested while returning after attending a meeting of the Purvi Bihar Purvothar Jharkhand Committee, which covers parts of Jamui, Bhagalpur and Patna districts of Bihar and Koderma, Giridih and the six districts of the Santhal Pargana division of Jharkhand.
Prabirda’s interrogation has also revealed the importance Maoists have accorded to the Santhal Pargana region, once considered impenetrable due to the strong influence of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha. “He has told us that he was given the responsibility of the region in 2003. This, after the party had conducted a survey and failed to move into the region under a different leader in 2001,” said a senior police officer. Prabir used frontal organisations to expand the party and in 2006, formed an armed squad.
The Maoists targeted moneylenders, moved on issues of displacement and farmers’ woes to gain the trust of the people. Since then, his team has carried out a major attack almost each year — the attack on police parties in Shikaripara and Kathikund in 2008 and ’10, and the killing of two BSF jawans in 2009, among them.

Kavita Karkare admitted to hospital criticalKavita Karkare.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:59 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 12:50 pm
Kavita Karkare, the wife of slain Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) chief Hemant Karkare, was admitted to Hinduja Hospital in Mahim with a suspected case of aneurysm on Sunday. Doctors said she was in coma and her condition is critical.
“She is on ventilator support. It is a suspected case of aneurysm,” said a source at the hospital. Hemant Karkare was killed, along with Additional Commissioner of Police Ashok Kamte and Senior Inspector Vijay Salaskar, in the 26/11 terrorist attacks in the city in 2008.

These Mashups Will Challenge Your Definition Of ArtWhen ubiquitous reality star Kim Kardashian posed for Vogue with now-husband Kanye West, it was definitely iconic. Gizmodo writer Matt Novak even suggested that a selfie-centric photo from the shoot was "going to be taught in every media studies course of the next 100 years."
But do the magazine's photos of the über-exposed couple qualify as art?
That's exactly what Phillipines-based multimedia producer Eisen Bernardo seems to be arguing with his series "Mag + Art."
“Maybe in the future," he told Buzzfeed, " these covers can be considered classic art. ”
Check out Bernardo's reimagined paintings below.
Adele in "Mona Risa" by Leonardo da Vinci

Now  a stylish  affordable SUV from Mercedes BenzPrint
Is this a Mercedes? I often see this amused expression on the faces of passersby while driving any Mercedes-Benz model in the past two years. The new entrants into the Stuttgart carmaker’s rapidly expanding model range are dynamic, youthful and a clear breakaway from the sedate, “old man’s car” image. I could see such expressions again last week along the Himalayan Expressway as Mercedes-Benz organized the media drive for its latest model – the GLA – to Shimla.
The GLA is not just the latest iteration of the company’s new design philosophy, but an important car that fills a long-vacant void in Mercedes’ lineup - that of luxury compact SUV.
Design
At the first glance, the GLA appears like an inflated A-Class and that’s no surprise because they are built on the same MFA platform. Essentially, the GLA is an A Class on steroids with a straighter roofline and better ground clearance. However, rugged touches like bulging lines on the bonnet, aluminum cladding and large air intakes on the bumper, and especially the taller stance give the GLA an unmistakable SUV look up front. Segment-unique 18-inch alloy wheels and brushed-metal roof rails add more character and style to the profile.  The rear is even more visually modern with A Class-inspired but larger taillights, integrated spoilers and sporty twin exhaust pipes surrounded by large aluminum insert.
The A-Class is undoubtedly the most desirable car in the luxury hatchback segment and it shares a lot with the GLA in terms of styling, which effectively makes the GLA the best looking car in the luxury compact SUV segment.
Interior
A taller seating position is what makes the otherwise familiar cabin fairly distinctive. The infotainment screen taking pride of place atop the centre console, five turbine-style air vents, knobs, stalks and switches scream quality. The instrument cluster is crisp and clear and includes a useful multi-information display for trip, fuel economy and gear indicator. Gear selector stalk is on the steering column and frees up more space for storage and cubbyholes in the centre console. Soft closing lids keep it neat and tidy, too. Absence of automatic climate control is surprising, just like the A and B Class.
Seating comfort in front is top on the line with electric adjustment and three-way memory function that make long drives fatigue-free. However, headroom is not the best in class and tall drivers might get a hemmed-in feel. The panoramic sunroof adds a nice airy feel to the cabin, though. Rear seats are spacious but slightly lacking in underthigh support. There are no rear AC vents and you get a small chit holder in its place. Rear visibility is not great either but reverse camera is part of standard kit and it addresses the issue to an extent.
The 421-litre cargo space is as wide as the M Class but the space saver tyre is simply thrown in there and you will find it tough to arrange your luggage in the boot. The GLA also offers safety features like tyre pressure sensors, attention assist and seven airbags along with ASR, ABS, BAS, ESP etc.
Performance
Moving the GLA along are two engines – a 2.0 litre turbo petrol or a 2.1 litre diesel. The petrol engine makes about 181 bhp and 300Nm of torque between 1200-1400rpm. It’s fast enough to keep an enthusiast happy and Mercedes claims that it will hit 100kmph in 7.6 seconds and on to a top speed of 205kmph. The diesel engine develops 134bhp and 300Nm with a 0-100 time of 9.9-seconds and 205kmph top speed. Although not as sporty as the petrol, it packs enough pulling power to accelerate briskly and be the pick of the bunch for highway driving. With a mileage of 17.9kmpl, the diesel GLA 200CDI will be a more popular choice.
Power is transmitted to the front wheel through a 7-speed dual-clutch automatic gearbox. The generally smooth and clever transmission can be better controlled using the paddle shifters when you need.  
Ride and Handling
An added 30mm of ride height compared to the international model (183mm ground clearance) makes the GLA more suited to Indian driving conditions. Longer spring travel and softer tuning ensure a more comfortable ride than the A Class. It helps the car a lot when taken off-road, too. The cabin is well insulated from external noises and that makes it a nice place to be in during long journeys. Probably the only department where the GLA doesn’t match up to the A Class is handling. Yet, with its hatchback underpinnings, the GLA has surprisingly little body roll and it grips well around corners.
Bottom-line
Mercedes Benz will launch the GLA on 30th September only in front-wheel drive variant. An all-wheel drive and AMG editions will follow soon. There will be only one fully loaded trim available and expect it to command a hefty premium. However, class-competitive cabin quality, safety features and the equipment level make it a great buy. After all, the GLA’s captivating looks alone can give competition a run for their money – need I say more?
Pagination

How BDSM social networks set me freeEYE BROWSE
How BDSM Social Networks Set Me Free
What is it about role-playing sexual domination or submission that is like playing? What possibilities does it open up even as it defies political correctness? Our writer explains why she loves being tied up.
By Meera Kumar | Grist Media –  Fri 26 Sep, 2014
Recommend
Print
Hand is tied  by Guru Sno Studios via CC BY-ND 2.0.
When I was eight years old I remember reading an Enid Blyton book – one of the more obscure ones – in which the heroine, a tiny fairy, is kidnapped by a magician. He clips her wings, makes her cry and keeps her in the kitchen as his domestic slave. Until one day she’s washing a cauliflower and an earwig crawls out of it, promising to leave the castle and tell her friends about her captivity.
That was not my first introduction to stories of power. I was bullied for years before that by my peers, and I understood how power worked in my universe. I will never know if this was the reason I found this story so arousing. But I certainly did. I had my first orgasm thinking about it.
Psychology and fiction will often tell you that sadomasochism – or its cousin, dominance and submission – are the result of childhood trauma, or of the impact of a hostile world of competition and aggression, or of a million other kinds of flotsam and jetsam that swim around in our unconscious minds. Christian Grey of EL James’ series “50 Shades”, for instance, is supposed to like BDSM – Bondage and Discipline (BD), Dominance and Submission (DS), Sadomasochism (SM) – because his mother was a “crack whore”, as he describes it, and presumably abused him as a child.
But sometimes I’d just rather let psychology be. There could be a link between some parts of my childhood and my desire to be sexually dominated, and if I were EL James, I would probably dredge it all up and spell it out to the last letter, until there was no room left to breathe, let alone have sex. That kind of thinking would posit (in fact, it’s the sort of thinking that does posit a lot) that I’m trying, again and again, to re-create the helplessness I felt as a child in a safer environment, and that I’ll be stuck like this forever. In general, I’m a fan of psychological dredging-up processes. But I’d rather think of whatever created these desires (if such a specific “cause” even exists) as a heap of compost. There’s a lot of fermenting and metamorphosing in there, and I’m lucky enough to be able to recycle all this fertile material by – and for the purpose of – having good sex! It’s a cycle, like a carbon or oxygen or nitrogen cycle, and I couldn’t be happier about it.
And so I began to search for an Internet platform through which I could meet like-minded people. It took a while, with a lot of Google keywords, hesitation, terror, and excitement, but after a few weeks I finally signed up on one of a few social networking sites for people who like BDSM (or “kink”, as it’s known), role-play and the like. Functionally these sites serve the same purpose as Shaadi.com, OkCupid.com or AdultFriendFinder.com – they help you find someone with your goals/interests. Except in this case, it’s primarily kinky sexual interests. Some examples are Collarspace.com, ALT.com, F-list.com, Fetlife.com, IMVU.com, the IRC (Internet relay chat) app with its chatrooms, and parts of Secondlife.com. Like Facebook or any of the matrimonial or online dating sites, you create a profile, with photos/images, a write-up about yourself, your location, age, gender, orientation, and a keyword to describe what you like. In my case this was “sub”, short for “submissive”. Other options are Top, Bottom, Dom (dominant), Sadist, Masochist, Switch (for someone who likes to switch between dominant and submissive roles), and more. If you like, you can add keywords about your fetishes, which range from the general (foot fetish) to the very very specific (washing someone’s feet and kissing them). Then you can message people, or vice versa, privately, or write on someone’s wall, as you do on Facebook.
Before this online platform that I found, my earlier encounters with just plain sex (or “vanilla sex” as it’s called) were initially good, and later fraught, mostly with my lack of desire. I’d begun to wonder if I was just simply asexual and should leave it at that. Within a few days of my registering on the site, however, I began to realize it was more complicated than that. I had my first DS cybersex with a man. We used anonymous user names on Gtalk, and didn’t tell each other our real names for a while. If we used photos or video, we didn’t let our faces into the frame. We used a “safe word” in our role-play, so that I could let him know if I was uncomfortable at any point and needed to stop. And I had to admit that I wasn’t asexual – or at least, not virtually.
Reactions from people in my life were not as varied as I thought they would be: most friends were just happy for me, one or two wondered if it was healthy to have cybersex instead of physical sex, and if cybersex qualified as sex at all. As far as I was concerned, having cybersex was better than being asexual, and that was that for the time being.
One question raised was a feminist one: “Why would you submit to a man?” Being a feminist myself, this question was indeed something that had bothered me in my teens. I still hadn’t begun to think about the concept of “play” then. Play: a bit of gambol and frolic, games and mind games, blind man’s buff, doctor-doctor, teacher-teacher and house-house. Play: joy, exuberance, and most of all, forgetting rules and how the “real world” works. As play began to enter other aspects of my life, my thinking became lighter, my eyebrows became unknit, and laughter was at the edges of many things. My personal brand of feminism became more complex, more inclusive, and more joyful. And I no longer worried about being tied up by, kneeling to, surrendering to, or being ordered around by a man or a woman in a sexual situation. And, as I told someone, kink is the great leveler: men submit to women, and women submit to men, and however this might be related to a male-dominated society, at least the picture presented by this mutual domination and submission is not horribly, intuitively wrong.
More cybersex with other members of this site followed. Some didn’t work for me; others did, phenomenally. I would lazily ascribe this to chemistry or lack thereof, but I know it was also about how much consideration, respect and generosity the dominant showed me. When he orchestrates the entire “session”, a lot depends on his interest in my own reactions, turn-ons, energy levels and half a dozen other factors. If he’s not that interested in my side of things, it usually doesn’t work. And everything depends on my willingness, sense of responsibility about myself, generosity and lack of prejudice too! Both these factors worked with some people, and didn’t with others.
A new energy crept into my life, sometimes creative, and sometimes destructive. I was literally inviting more “life” into my life now, and when I could remember to be, I was grateful. I didn’t have to enjoy BDSM porn wishing that would happen to me too. I could just enjoy BDSM porn.
The site I tried, like any other Indian site with its structure, has a skewed ratio of men to women. This creates different kinds of anxieties in both sexes, heterosexually speaking. The simple economy of supply and demand changes attitudes quite drastically, which means I can only talk about my experience of it as a woman. (I don’t even know about the queer scene there, because I never earnestly tried it.) On my side, I could pick and choose. And on the men’s side, I sensed gratitude and sometimes despair at the difficulty of finding someone. They (or at least the ones I liked) really had my sympathy, and sometimes, when I experienced a rare rejection (rare only because of this ratio), it was bracing. It’s not necessarily great to be on the right side of an economy all the time.
And there are always people around in any social circle (virtual or real) who wish you ill. Back in the 90s the only kinds of stalkers were either three-dimensional or telephonic ones. Now, of course, they’re on the Internet, because many of us are on the Internet. I had my share of stalking, but not enough to put me off. I have heard horror stories though, just like with any other stalking medium.
As I grew more confident in my ability to be aroused, I began meeting men from the site in my city. We’d meet in a public place, talk for half an hour or more, and part ways. The idea was to find someone I might just, despite past evidence to the contrary, want to have a physical DS experience with.
It took around half a dozen meetings, but it did happen. And the previous meetings were well worth it. Surprisingly for me, the most valuable thing I’ve taken away from all this is the experience of meeting such a variety of people, the kind I’d never meet in my usual social and professional circles. The “blind dates” would go like this: I’d meet someone in a restaurant, and we’d talk. With each person the conversation would move differently. Sometimes we’d be really focused about discussing kink and sex. Sometimes we’d just casually amble along, conversationally speaking. It was incredibly refreshing to talk, just talk to a stranger. I found that I liked it – I liked it very much.
After meeting, if we decided we didn’t want to pursue this sexually, I’d often try to keep in touch anyway. Making a friend off the Internet whom I would never have met otherwise struck me as a bit of a miracle. And though I’m not as effortlessly grateful as I’d like to be for my sexual experiences, gratitude was the easiest thing in the world for these interactions. Because I hadn’t socialized much with a wider range of people before.
When I finally, amazingly, met someone I wanted to touch, I experienced physical submission, and being tied up, for the first time in a DS context. The most obnoxious thing one can do about this is theorize, and I will try my best not to. The next most obnoxious thing one can do is spiritualize, and I’m afraid things might move in that direction now. So all those who are disgusted by sexual delusions of grandeur, you might want to look away! But rest assured that I find claims that tantric sex is better than non-tantric sex equally annoying. Because I’d rather not leave out this part of how I experienced physical submission, while of course disclaiming heavily by saying that this was just my own, very personal experience.
I’ve been on meditation retreats where we meditated eleven hours a day and weren’t allowed to talk, read, listen to music or do anything else cerebral. Experience, physical experience, became our worlds, not least because we were told to focus on it. We were told that awareness of every breath, every itch, every drop of sweat running down our backs, every ache and pain, every pleasurable sensation, and all the pins and needles was crucial to our practice, that the path to less suffering consisted of observing these exclusively and with an equanimous eye, understand that they were transient. I wouldn’t say I was successful at this, but I tried. The more I learned to accept both physical pleasure and pain as one, the more I surrendered to my physical experience. And this physical experience became increasingly vivid and sharp as my awareness grew, until I was suddenly experiencing life more directly than I had ever done, trapped as I have always been in my obsessive, wandering mind.
I couldn’t access this full and rich experience of my body and world in sexual terms, not before meeting like-minded people and not with another person in the room. Sure I could masturbate, and that worked in its own way. I could meditate, and that worked too. After all, the best orgasm I’ve ever had was on a meditation retreat.
I found a new route to this experience when I submitted physically, and when I was tied up. The same surrender, the same fluidity between pleasure and pain, led me to a direct, non-cerebral experience of my life that I wish I had every day in every way. And I could, too, if I meditated more. But meanwhile, these were the gifts that the Internet bore.
I have an obsessive, wandering mind, and I often think about how I’ll look back on my life when I’m dying. The best scenario, I think, would be if I didn’t look back at all. But if I do, I’ll want to know that I experienced my life directly, hands-on, through my body, instead of through the lens of a million thoughts and feelings. I’ll like to know that even through the lakhs of hours on my laptop, I enjoyed feeling the keys under my fingers, that I enjoyed sitting cross-legged, the feel of the seat under me, the heat of the machine on my lap. I want to be able to think: I was alive, and I knew it. And BDSM has helped me with this, in its own wickedly sexy way.
Recommend

Investor wants Yahoo to buy AOLBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 26, 2014: 5:33 PM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Marissa Mayer better not offer too many breadsticks at Yahoo's corporate cafeteria.
Starboard Value, the same hedge fund that has been criticizing Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants ( DRI ) for its food, released a letter to Mayer and Yahoo's board saying that it had acquired a significant stake in Yahoo and wants the company to do a strategic deal with rival AOL ( AOL , Tech30 ).
Shares of Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) shot up more than 4% Friday after the letter's release. AOL's stock rose more than 3.5% on the news as well.
Mayer said in a press release that Yahoo will review Starboard's letter and that it "looks forward" to discussing it with the hedge fund. She added that Yahoo has "great confidence in the strength" of its business and that the company will give an update about how it plans to use some of its capital during a conference call following its third quarter earnings report in October.
AOL declined to comment.
Starboard was also not available to comment about exactly how big of a stake it owns in Yahoo. It has not yet made a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission to disclose its position.
Related: Alibaba surges on its first day of trading
Speculation about a Yahoo-AOL merger has been around for years -- pretty much since AOL was spun off from CNNMoney parent company Time Warner ( TWX ) in 2009. The chatter picked up steam once Mayer joined Yahoo from Google since AOL CEO Tim Armstrong is also a Google veteran.
The rumors surfaced again last week as Yahoo prepared to cash in on part of its stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba. Yahoo is estimated to have raised more than $5 billion after taxes from selling some of its Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ) stock. AOL is worth about $3.5 billion.
Shares of Yahoo have underperformed compared to other big techs this year. The stock is flat despite a decent rally in anticipation of the Alibaba IPO.
Starboard said in its letter that it feels Yahoo's core business is "deeply undervalued" and that the company would be better off selling the rest of its Alibaba stake as well as an investment in Yahoo Japan in a tax-efficient manner.
As for an AOL deal, Starboard estimates there could be $1 billion in cost savings through a combination of the two companies.
Starboard already has a contentious history with AOL. The hedge fund pushed AOL to make strategic changes back in 2012 and even tried to nominate its own candidates to AOL's board. That effort failed and Starboard wound up selling its stake in AOL as a result.
Starboard added that it felt Yahoo and AOL together could "more successfully navigate the ongoing industry changes" and increase revenue.
Those industry changes include a dramatic shift to mobile for online content and an increased emphasis on video and social media. Both AOL and Yahoo have had a tough time competing against Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ), Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) in the battle for online ad dollars over the past few years.
Still, even though a deal between Yahoo and AOL might make sense since both companies have been building up their news operations lately, many analysts say that merging them would do little to make them more of a threat to Google and Facebook.
And while Mayer has made numerous acquisitions of startups since she joined Yahoo in 2012, most notably of blogging site Tumblr, an AOL purchase would be a very ambitious deal.
Starboard said that many of the purchases made on Mayer's watch have "failed to deliver material revenue growth." The hedge fund also said Yahoo would be better off "halting the current aggressive acquisition spree."
Although it does seem odd that Starboard's answer to ending Mayer's M&A binge is for her to do an even bigger deal.
First Published: September 26, 2014: 1:16 PM ET
Most Popular

Dozens Injured As Japan s Mount Ontake Volcano EruptsJapan's Mount Ontake Volcano Erupts, Leaving At Least 7 Missing
 | By                                                                EMILY WANG
reddit
OTAKI, Japan (AP) — Military helicopters plucked seven people from a Japanese mountainside Sunday after a spectacular volcanic eruption sent officials scrambling to reach many more injured and stranded on the mountain.
Mount Ontake in central Japan erupted shortly before noon Saturday, spewing large white plumes of gas and ash high into the sky and blanketing the surrounding area in ash. About 250 people were initially trapped on the slopes, but most made their way down by Saturday night.
At least 34 climbers have been injured, including 12 seriously, according to Japan's Fire and Disaster Management Agency. The tally was lower than reported by local officials earlier, but the disaster agency warned that the numbers could still change.
The number of those reported missing rose sharply to 32, the agency said.
Japanese television footage showed a soldier descending from a helicopter to an ash-covered slope, helping latch on a man and then the two of them being pulled up.
So far, seven people have been picked up in three trips, said Defense Ministry official Toshihiko Muraki. All are conscious and can walk, though details of their conditions are unclear, he said.
The Self-Defense Force, as Japan's military is called, has deployed seven helicopters and 250 troops. Police and fire departments are also taking part in the rescue effort.
An estimated 40 people were stranded at mountain lodges overnight, many injured and unable or unwilling to risk descending 3,067-meter (10,062-foot) Mount Ontake on their own. Rescue workers are also trying to reach the area on foot.
A large plume, a mixture of white and gray, continued to rise from the ash-covered summit of the volcano Sunday morning, visible from the nearby village of Otaki. A convoy of red fire trucks, sirens blaring, and rescue workers on foot headed past barriers into the restricted zone around the mountain.
Shinichi Shimohara, who works at a shrine at the foot of the mountain, said he was on his way up Saturday morning when he heard a loud noise that sounded like strong winds followed by "thunder" as the volcano erupted.
"For a while I heard thunder pounding a number of times," he said. "Soon after, some climbers started descending. They were all covered with ash, completely white. I thought to myself, this must be really serious."
In a video posted on YouTube, shocked climbers can be seen moving quickly away from the peak as an expanding plume of ash emerges above and then engulfs them.
Many of those who made it down emerged with clothes and backpacks covered in ash. They reported being engulfed in total darkness for several minutes.
Mikio Oguro, a journalist who was on the slope on an unrelated assignment for Japanese broadcaster NHK, later told his station by phone that he saw massive smoke coming out of the crater, blocking sunlight and reducing visibility to zero.
"Massive ash suddenly fell and the entire area was totally covered with ash," he said. He and his crew had to use headlamps to find a lodge.
"My colleagues later told me that they thought they might die," Oguro said.
Two Jetstar flights headed to Tokyo's Narita International Airport diverted to Kansai International Airport in western Japan as a precaution.
Japan's meteorological agency raised the alert level for Mount Ontake to 3 on a scale of 1 to 5. It warned people to stay away from the mountain, saying ash and other debris could fall up to 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) away.
Mount Ontake, about 210 kilometers (130 miles) west of Tokyo, sits on the border of Nagano and Gifu prefectures, on the main Japanese island of Honshu. The volcano's last major eruption was in 1979.
___
Associated Press writers Mari Yamaguchi and Ken Moritsugu in Tokyo contributed to this report.
___

Modi announces lifetime visas for PIO card holders | Full coverageMadison Square speech
(He announced that PIO card…)
NEW DELHI: In an announcement that will bring cheer for People of Indian Origin (PIOs), Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said that life-time visas will soon be given to PIO card holders.
Acknowledging the problems faced by the PIO community, Modi said, "We will also merge the PIO and OCI schemes in due time." He announced that PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
Addressing a huge gathering at the Madison Square Garden, Modi also said that the government will look at providing long-term visas to US nationals visiting India for tourism purposes. Modi also announced that American tourists will be given visa on arrival.
The UPA government had decided couple of years back to merge the cards but could not make it a reality. ET had learnt some days earlier that principal secretary to the PM Nripendra Misra had convened a meeting of the Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs officials to brainstorm the matter.
It was decided that there will be a speedy implementation of the merger of the two cards to facilitate travel of Indians staying abroad and their participation in various activities in India.
America houses largest number of Indians anywhere in the world and many of whom have grown in influence and stature over the years. Indian Americans comprise about 2.81 million people, about 1% of the US population, the country's thirdlargest self-reported Asian ancestry group after Chinese Americans and Filipino Americans, according to American Community Survey of 2010 data.
At the Madison Square, Modi also pitched his 3D mantra to the Indian American community. Modi said, "We have democracy, demographic dividend and demand on our side." "These are three things that no nation has, except India. It is these three things that will take India to an assured path of success," Modi said.
"Just like Mahatma Gandhi made freedom struggle a national movement, we have to make development and progress a people's movement. 1.25 billion people should work for the betterment of India," Modi urged. "I am sure that now an atmosphere has been created where every Indian wants go work for the nation," Modi said.
"Like you, Mahatma Gandhi was an NRI. I implore you to do something in your capacity for the country," Modi exhorted.
(With inputs from PTI)

View: Hi-tech and manufacturing must bring India and US closerYou are here: Home > Collections > Software
PM Modi's US visit: Hi-tech and manufacturing must bring India and America closer
Sep 29, 2014, 01.55AM IST
(They are fuelling the innovation…)
By Vinod Dham
The United States leads the world in innovating new technologies at ever-faster rates.
Silicon Valley in California is the epicentre of this high technology and a very significant engineering workforce in the Valley is the Indian engineer with graduate and post-graduate degrees in computer science and electronics engineering. They are fuelling the innovation by working in the Valley's largest and most influential American enterprises, some in very senior management roles. They are also cofounding a large number of startups in the Valley. By some estimates, Indians are less than 1% of the US population, but have founded about 15% of Silicon Valley startups.
Big financial institutions on Wall Street and scores of high technology companies are also benefiting from gaining access to India's hitech talent by offshoring their work due to shortage of software and programming skills here in the US. Marc Andreessen, the inventor of the web browser that enabled internet, wrote in the article Why Software Is Eating the World, about the growing importance of software to businesses of all types: from movies to agriculture and from national defence to manufacturing.
By some estimates, the US is projected to have a shortage of 1.5 million software engineers over the next decade. India's massive pool of software and computer science talent will be essential for America to continue fuel its lead in innovation.
Here in Silicon Valley, a very large number of Indian engineers are working side by side with American engineers. The two are bound together with their common bond of creativity resulting from their free-thinking and democratic spirit. This affinity, helped by a common language for business transaction, can enable opportunities for working together in education, cyber security, energy and the environment.
Open Society And Its Contents
India, unlike China, has welcomed US hi-tech companies to flourish in its backyard. Google, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn, among others, have a very strong presence and are widely used by Indian consumers. India's demand for electronic products is forecast to rise nearly 10 times in the next decade to reach $400 billion by 2020.
McKinsey claims that India's manufacturers have a golden chance to emerge from the shadows of the country's services sector and seize more of the global market.
Manufacturing in the 21st century will be integrated with the software as products become more personalised.
In the future, all devices will be connected to the internet. New devices ranging from smart thermostats, washers and dryers, switches, power outlets, bulbs, televisions, home automation to wearable heart monitors and automobiles with built-in sensors will need to be rebuilt for the intelligent world. According to the American information technology research and advisory firm Gartner, there will be nearly 26 billion devices on the Internet of Things by 2020. India, with its prowess in software, is uniquely positioned to be the manufacturing hub of intelligent devices needed for the 21st century.
McKinsey estimates that India's manufacturing sector could grow six fold by 2025, to $1 trillion, while creating up to 90 million domestic jobs.
India is a consumer-driven market, with consumer spending in the country projected to more than double by 2025. India has the potential to become the world's largest middle-class consumer market with an aggregated consumer spend of nearly $13 trillion by 2030, as per the Deloitte report, India Matters: Winning in Growth Markets. The US can benefit from India's growing consumer needs, but free access to India's large markets should be reciprocated by providing technology, know-how and capital to develop domestic intelligent manufacturing, deploying tens of millions of India's lowskilled youth in addition to millions of high-end software engineers.
Making Things Up
Modi has made bringing manufacturing to India a high priority for his government. With his 'Make in India' campaign, he has pulled out all stops to make the process of setting up manufacturing user-friendly.
Special cells have been set up to speed up the process and guide foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues in obtaining clearances. The US can be a great partner in helping India achieve its manufacturing goal and help build its crumbling infrastructure, creating a win-win situation for both.
Prime Minister Modi is turning out to be India's most businessfriendly prime minister ever. He knows that India's sustained economic success as a rapidly growing powerful democracy is essential for winning Washington's interest as a long-term partner. India needs to act like a global player and follow the rules of global trade liberalisation.

Brick & mortar stores feel the heat; may boycott iPhone 6You are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as iPhone 5S being offered at discounted prices on e-commerce sites
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 12.19PM IST
(According to sellers that…)
NEW DELHI: Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch because they are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily discounted prices on popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.
"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going online.
A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Apple products are distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro. ET could not independently confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple didn't respond to emailed queries seeking comment.
An executive close to dealings at Apple India said the company hasn't authorised marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell iPhones in India. Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones while Flipkart is authorised to sell iPads and iPods.
The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well, for instance, when Amazon started operating in the US.
In India, where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14% of mobile phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly basis, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase as Internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.
"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.
Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were facing massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at much lower prices.
"The price difference is as high as Rs 11,000 on some models. Apple is liquidating stocks of the older models," he said, alleging that the company was doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next month. He added that state trade associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were protesting against the brands.
E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for the company in India this year, on offer at betweenRs 34,000 and Rs 36,000, as much as 36% less than the original retail price of Rs 53,500.
The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for Rs 33,999.
Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers. The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.
Google has partnered with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One smartphones priced between Rs 6,299 and Rs 6,499, exclusively on the three e-commerce sites.
Spice didn't respond to ET's queries at the time of writing. "To ensure convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a judicious mix of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue to be the lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our retail network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.
A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is a huge market and hence different channels are developing to serve the various consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach towards all sales channels."
A senior executive from a large format retail chain told ET that he had returned his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding that they cannot compete with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the brands individually, but I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being treated unfairly."
Several large format retailers, including UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobiles, The Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an informal association that is trying to sort out the situation and will be speaking to consumers and the government on the matter, which they say threatens their survival.
However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti.
The Essar Group-owned company, which owns more than 800 stores across the country, plans to partner with e-commerce players to augment revenue and limit the loss of customers.
Sangeetha Mobiles' online store, ShopNo47.com, launched on eBay India's site early this month to sell mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and accessories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP top gainer as rebels swell innumberPrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Pune | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:37 am
Filing of nomination papers for the Maharashtra Assembly elections over, it is time for the voters to do a check on who is contesting from where — and on which party ticket. With all major parties having kept their ideologies aside to accommodate new candidates, a confusing picture has prevailed over the past few days. More than 100 aspirants have rebelled against their parties, filing nominations either as Independents or as candidates of other parties.
Although the aspirants exchanged places in all major political parties like the Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena, BJP and MNS, the biggest gainer appears to be the BJP. The biggest loser appears to be the Congress, which could not attract as many candidates from other parties.
The BJP has been able to “poach” candidates from all the major parties, in what seems  to be a desperate bid to capture power in alliance with smaller parties like the Swabhimani Paksh, Rashtriya Samaj Paksh, Shiv Sangram and Republican Party of Indian.
On its home turf of Thane, the Shiv Sena lost its deputy leader Anant Tare, who filed his nomination on a BJP ticket from Kopri-Pachpakhadi against Sena’s district coordinator Eknath Shinde.
Tare, who had been eyeing the Sena ticket from Thane, was dumped by the party which picked Ravindra Phatak, who had walked over to Sena from the Congress recently. “There is no room for loyalists in the party,” Tare said, bidding goodbye to the Sena.
In Mumbai, the Sena suffered a blow as its former mayor Shubha Raul, filed nomination from Dahisar on MNS ticket. In Panvel, sitting MLA Prashant Thakur, who resigned from Congress on Kharghar toll plaza issue, also filed his nomination on BJP ticket.
In Konkan, Rajan Teli, a former MLA who had switched over to NCP from Congress recently, moved to the BJP, which fielded him from Sawantwadi seat. In Ahmednagar, former MP Bhausaheb Waghchoure, who had switched to Congress from Sena during the Lok Sabha elections, also joined the BJP which fielded him.
In Chandrapur district’s Warora seat, four-time MLA Sanjay Deotale, who was denied ticket by the Congress in favour of his sister-in-law, filed nomination on BJP ticket. In Karanja seat of Washim district, Sena MLA Rajendra Patil too preferred to fight on BJP ticket.
The scene in Pune was no different. In Chinchwad, sitting MLA Laxman Jagtap, who was considered close to the Deputy CM and holds upper hand in Pimpri-Chinchwad civic body, made his way to the BJP. In Junnar, Netaji Doke of Shiv Sena turned up with thousands of Sainiks and filed nomination on a BJP ticket.
In Purandar, MNS Pune district chief Baba Raje Jadhav opted out of the race after his sister-in-law Sangeeta Raje Nimbalkar was nominated by the BJP.  In Bhosari, the Sena preferred its long-time corporator Sulbha Ubale although sitting MLA Vilas Lande and top NCP leader Mahesh Landge were seeking the party ticket.
Other than the BJP, the Shiv Sena and NCP also succeeded in ‘importing’ candidates from other parties. Minister and Ratnagiri MLA Uday Samant was Sena’s biggest gain as he continued…

Delhi Confidential: GuessinggameExpress News Service | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:31 am
GUESSING GAME
Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda has invited all his Cabinet colleagues to railway stations of their choice to participate in a voluntary cleaning drive on October 2 as part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan. His own choice of station is an information being kept under wraps. Gowda, who will be in Delhi on that day, fears that if his choice of station is known in advance, Railway officials might clean the station themselves leaving little room for him to contribute. Meanwhile, about 20 stations in and around Delhi are said to be on alert, expecting that the minister might drop by any one of them on Gandhi Jayanti.
LAUNCH READY
TO ensure that everything goes smoothly during the launch of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana on October 11, the Rural Development Ministry seems to have made elaborate arrangements, giving out detailed instructions to states. The ministry has written to Rural Development secretaries of all states asking them to attend the event, while bringing along a “team”. The team is supposed to comprise at least three District Collectors (preferably of IAP districts) and 10 Sarpanch/PRI representatives (preferably state or national level awardees). States have also been asked to nominate one nodal officer for overall coordination. To make sure all goes as per plan, the ministry is holding a video conference on October 1 with state nodal officers to take stock of the arrangements.
TECH DRIVE
KEEPING pace with the tech savvy Prime Minister, the Finance Ministry has now allowed government officials to purchase tablets, notepads, ultra-books and netbooks to carry out official work. Till now, only government officials above the rank of deputy secretary were permitted to purchase laptops. A sum of Rs 70,000 for buying each such device has also been allowed.
STUDY TIME
FORMER Union minister Jairam Ramesh is perhaps the only Congress leader who is making the best use of the “not-so-busy” political schedule for party leaders. He is using the time to hone skills as an academician, currently teaching a course as a Fisher Fellow at Harvard on Climate Change policy. Not many can claim first hand experience that he has on this subject, having led India’s negotiating team at the climate conferences in Copenhagen and Cancun. He is being hosted by Yale School of Environment and Forestry as well and also has been invited by Georgetown to deliver a talk on climate policy.
IT’S 20-20
AS the Supreme Court lawyers bid adieu to Chief Justice R M Lodha on his last working day last week, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi requested him to consider playing a “second inning” after a short break. When Justice Lodha’s turn came, he reminded the Attorney General that “second inning” is played only in test cricket but the demand of the day is 20-20 cricket. “Players don’t want to play beyond 20 overs. They want to be free and I would also want to be free,” he said.

EC to use games  comic strips to educate  entertainvotersPrint
Written by Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:26 am
With “catch them young” as its mantra, the Election Commission is now embarking on ‘Edutainment’ — education-cum-entertainment — to spread electoral awareness.
In collaboration with United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the EC — under its SVEEP (Systematic Voters’ Education & Electoral Participation) project — is now in the process of rolling out ‘edutainment’ material to drive home the message about voter enrollment and other electoral processes.
The ‘edutainment’ kit includes a video game called “Get Set Vote”. Available in English and Hindi, the game offers 10-levels and deals with basic information about electoral processes. The EC plans to send this game to schools across the country. There are also plans to use the existing e-kiosks to enable people to access it, EC officials said.
Board-games called “Vote ki Baazi”, modelled on snakes and ladders, and “Ready Steady Vote”, a version of ludo, have also been developed. In addition, the EC has come up with a comic strip called “Wah Election Wah” which it plans to get published as a series in various newspapers, magazines and journals. The strip will also be compiled as a booklet, officials said. Picture books called “Proud to be a Voter” in English and “Garv se bane Matdata” in Hindi, have also been prepared as part of the ‘edutainment’ material.
A radio drama called Loktantra Express has be produced. The radio drama is about a variety of people boarding a train and talking about electoral issues. An animation film called “Masti, Dosti, Matdaan” using comic characters also forms a part of the ‘edutainment’ kit.
EC officials said the material is being dispatched to schools, colleges, youth clubs, aanganwadis and Self Help Groups. “The ideas is to catch them young and put them on track of electoral registration and voting,” an EC official said.
“Election related information is usually seen as dry, routine and legal. With this ‘Edutainment’ kit, we want to make it intelligible and interesting for people,” EC Director General Akshay Rout told The Indian Express. “Over a period of time, we would like this material to be converted into regional languages. It will result in continuous electoral education even when the polls are not happening,” Rout added.
Edutainment’ kits being dispatched to schools, colleges, youth clubs, self-help groups, aanganwadis

Treat paid news as a poll offence:SampathSampath also stated that while the Commission’s control over a candidate’s spending is only after he files his nomination. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:22 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 10:11 am
Underlining the need for a well-defined legislation to govern the expenditure by political parties during elections, Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath on Sunday said paid news should be made an electoral offence that attracts disqualification so that it acts as a deterrent.
“If it is an electoral offence, it can eventually lead to the disqualification of the candidate. Whatever the difficulties of implementation, the very fact that if it is listed as an electoral offence, it would act as a deterrent against people using it in the elections,” Sampath said, speaking at a session organised by the Law Commission. He added that a recommendation in this regard has already been made to the Law ministry.
Elaborating on the subject, Sampath said that since paid news was currently not a poll offence, the only way Election Commission could check the menace was by adding the incriminating amount to the candidate’s poll expenses but even that was not fool-proof. “When they (candidates) file their expenditure returns, they always build a cushion for these kind of things. If Rs 40 lakh those days was the limit, invariably no candidate would file a return for more than Rs 25 lakh. That 15 lakh will be the cushion for this,” the CEC said.
Sampath also stated that while the Commission’s control over a candidate’s spending is only after he files his nomination, people make substantial election related expenses before that. “We have a case in Haryana, where a day before the filing of the nomination, a candidate organised a rally in which he was reported to have spent Rs 1.5 crore. Everybody, the whole world knows that he is the candidate. Somebody complains take action against him, you can’t… only from the day he files his nomination we can start looking at his expenditure,” the CEC said.
He added that while advertisements or paid news by political parties is one thing, advertisements given by government during this period “is also paid news”. He added that there are many complaints but “the reality is you really can’t do much about these things”.
Noting that all limits for poll expenditure are for candidates and none for political parties, Sampath said that the EC had seen political parties giving huge amounts of cash to candidates but when it is caught, they say that the money was not meant for the candidate but for him to distribute to others in his district or state.

Sit up straight until airlines ease reclining turbulence11
When you are flying on a commercial airline, however, it is the airline's seat — not yours. Your ticket is not an absolute license to modify the aircraft to suit your personal needs and desires. This is spelled out explicitly when it comes to lavatory smoke detectors. Perhaps airlines need a more comprehensive policy and to spell it out as if we're idiots, because some of us apparently are.
If we need to be told how a seat belt works, maybe we also need to be told to do unto others as we would have done unto us. Please, thank you and an offer to buy a drink or snack can do wonders. Some, drawing on the late, great University of Chicago Nobel Prize winner Ronald Coase's celebrated 1960 paper, "The Problem of Social Cost," have suggested recline-resistant passengers simply pay those in the row ahead not to push back.
But the airlines themselves have a responsibility here too. They determine how close rows of seats are to each other. They decide how far their seats recline. They choose the design and manufacturers of the seats installed in their cabins.
At minimum, seats have to be upright because that's the safest position for passengers during takeoff and landing, the most vulnerable parts of a flight. Discount carriers such as Spirit Airlines fix their seat positions and squeeze their rows together, but customers accept it as a trade-off for low fares.
Delta Air Lines sells some premium seats in coach class with the promise of greater recline than standard coach seats. American Airlines has seats on some of its planes designed so the bottom slides forward and the back cradles up, enabling passengers to recline with less impact on those behind them.
"I don't know how familiar you are with the Recaro seats that we've installed on some of our aircraft," said United's Hobart, estimating that they're in or soon to go into about 200 planes to date. "They're brand new seats in economy. They provide an additional half-inch of headroom and almost an inch of additional knee space."
Anything that helps is welcome, but reclining is a problem that cannot only be dealt with head-on. The seat back and tray table present problems as well.
"Designing tray tables for a meal to be served on is almost archaic," Harteveldt said. "These seats have to serve as our living room, as our study, as our media room and as our dining room. So the seat designers need to look at how they design a seat that enables a customer to do their work on a laptop or to watch entertainment from their own device. … Business travelers still have laptops."
Harteveldt said he has been told by airlines that "no recline" sections have been considered but ultimately rejected because of anticipated consumer resistance and bad publicity. So the recline issue remains in limbo and no one, it seems, will back down. A firm stand is needed so we can move on to far more important matters.
Like who gets which armrest.

War of blunt positionsLet us for a moment grant that the Supreme Court’s final decisions in these cases have some merit.
Written by Pratap Bhanu Mehta | Posted: September 27, 2014 12:18 am
Just as the government is getting energised, another spectre is haunting India: chronic regulatory malfunction. The Supreme Court’s judgments cancelling the allocation of coal blocks and striking down the National Tax Tribunal Act have set the cat among the pigeons. There are interesting technical issues in both cases that deserve longer discussion. But in different ways, the net result of the judgments will be to dent the credibility of the Indian state. In a purely formal and legalistic sense, these rulings will be seen as the triumph of accountability, a Supreme Court holding a deviant executive to account. But the institutional picture they project is of a regulatory order beset by confusion, uncertainty and happenstance, rather than a consistent rule of law. Our regulatory state is now so tangled up in knots that if you pull at any one of the threads, even with the good intention of reform, it is not clear what might collapse.
Let us for a moment grant that the Supreme Court’s final decisions in these cases have some merit. But they raise serious fears about the state’s regulatory capacities, fears that will not be easy to mitigate. First, the chasm between the judiciary and the legislature’s understanding of what the Constitution requires is widening. Some of that may be due to the executive’s vested interests in corruption. But corruption is only a small part of the story. Over the last decade or so, the executive has lost a majority of important regulatory reform cases in areas as diverse as education and taxation. This suggests that different branches of government are working with different interpretations of what the general provisions of the Constitution require. The courts are from Mars and the legislature is from Venus. And the requisite dialogue to create a shared constitutional understanding is not happening. In the coal case, the silver lining might be that the government now has the political cover to repeal the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act and start afresh. But how many of you want to bet money that even a good-faith legislation will not be tripped up somewhere for being incompatible with some other law?
Second, the Supreme Court itself has muddied constitutional interpretation beyond recognition. Important principles like judicial independence, basic structure, separation of powers and public interest, on which the court has expanded its power, are often too abstract to know where their application will lie. In the tax tribunal case, the Supreme Court has contended that the tribunal had not just usurped the powers of the high court, but that the methods of appointment and so forth do not conform to the norms of independence that might be required for a court-like tribunal. Fair enough. But is it clear what standard continued…

The Chinese would not make big concessions to win Indias friendshipPrint
Xi Jinping is the son of a senior revolutionary leader, a so-called “princeling”. His great rival was Bo Xilai, whose father was senior to Xi’s father. Bo was eliminated partly because of his own corruption and partly because Bo’s wife murdered an Englishman.
Written by Ashutosh Varshney | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:21 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:10 am
RODERICK MACFARQUHAR, Leroy Williams Research Professor of History and Political Science, Harvard University, is a leading international authority on China’s elite politics. He was born in pre-Partition Punjab and has maintained a life-long fascination for India. These two sides of his intellectual personality — appreciation of India and scholarly depth on China — put him in a unique position to interpret the conflicting signals Chinese President Xi Jinping’s recent visit to India produced. He spoke at length to Ashutosh Varshney, director, India Initiative, Brown University, and contributing editor for ‘The Indian Express’, in his office at Harvard. Excerpts:
Before we get to President Xi Jinping’s visit to India, could you tell our readers about Xi’s background? And what have been the main features of his leadership?
Xi Jinping is the son of a senior revolutionary leader, a so-called “princeling”. His great rival was Bo Xilai, whose father was senior to Xi’s father. Bo was eliminated partly because of his own corruption and partly because Bo’s wife murdered an Englishman. As Xi rose to power, he became well known for his obsession with Mikhail Gorbachev — for the idea that a Communist party should not allow political liberalisation to come in the way of state consolidation. Xi has also aroused a lot of nationalism in China by promoting naval activities in the East and South China Seas.
Just before Xi arrived in India, China’s consul general in Mumbai announced that deals worth $100 billion were likely to be signed. In the end, the MoUs covered investments not worth more than $20-$25 billion. What might explain this huge gap?
The consul general is unlikely to cite a figure not even close to the ballpark. I suspect something went wrong during the visit. Most probably, Narendra Modi was tougher on the border question than Xi expected.
What India viewed as border incursions by the Chinese army in Ladakh coincided with Xi’s visit. Indian observers are still trying to sort out how to interpret the show of warmth in Ahmedabad and Delhi, but a display of force on the Ladakh border.
If Chinese soldiers in Ladakh were operating on their own, then that is big news. That would mean that there were people in the Chinese military who were prepared to make, in effect, a foreign policy statement. I don’t believe that to be the case. I suspect that Xi knew what was happening. He is, of course, the chairman of the Military Affairs continued…

The states sham moralismThere are 750-plus state-run outlets for all kinds of cheap liquor that include ‘Jawan’ rum, the most popular brand of rum in the state. So popular is it that stocks run out in no time.
Posted: September 27, 2014 2:29 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:33 am
By: N. Madhavan Kutty
In their heart of hearts, the majority of male career politicians in Kerala remain socially conservative, despite their radical public rhetoric. Mofussil middle-class and smug and cynical in their attitude to public opinion, they form a dangerous cocktail at the best of times and could be lethal in times of a looming fascist threat. The fracas in the state over liquor bars and prohibition exposes this Orwellian ruling elite.
A little over six decades ago, there was this stormy petrel of Kerala politics and journalism, K. Balakrishnan of the RSP, a famous bacchanalian who got elected to the state assembly from the Ambalappuzha constituency, handily defeating his main Congress rival, who was a Gandhian of sorts. There were several hard-drinking communist leaders, like V.K. Rajan and Kaniyapuram Ramachandran, who were popular politicians. Even E.M.S. Namboodiripad could admit without qualm that he had a glass of Chinese rice wine to raise a toast to Mao Zedong on a fraternal visit to Beijing. But things have changed in this tourist paradise.
No ethnography or sociology of this shift to hypocrisy of the Kerala political class is available. All we know is that suddenly, there is a premium on truthfulness in the male Malayali politician’s milieu. That the present raging moral and public posturing on alcohol consumption in the state is itself the product of a vulgar show of personal oneupmanship between a pompous KPCC president, V.M. Sudheeran, and a manipulative Congress chief minister, Oommen Chandy, speaks volumes about the sharp deterioration in the quality of the ruling political elite as much as the fall in standards of bars, the ostensible reason for all this high-decibel brawl.
“The utter hypocrisy of it all,” as film maestro Adoor Gopalakrishnan described it the other day. And Adoor retains an impeccable Gandhian pedigree, in spite of enjoying a drink in the right company. His was the lonely voice of courage, honesty and sanity in the din of grandstanding or deafening silence from the state’s cultural leaders. Not even a murmur of protest from writers or artists, except from short story writer Paul Zacharia, who by now is a regular maverick for the vast Malayali reading and drinking public. Not a tear was shed at the loss of a certain trace of geniality and good-spiritedness that a drink or two offered in the otherwise ersatz social life of the consumerist state.
Adoor stands out among Kerala’s crony public intellectuals. And, but for the
awe that Adoor’s name inspires, the ruling politicos, continued…

Babu and the outsiderIt is never reassuring for a lateral entrant to be compelled to deal with an entrenched and unhelpful bureaucracy, whose labyrinthine ways can test the acumen of even the very best in business.
Written by A N Tiwari | Posted: September 27, 2014 2:49 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:23 am
The Central government has just set the ball rolling for the induction of the executive of a private firm into government through the lateral entry process. Though it is still early to divine if a new outlook on governance is unfolding, some reflection on lateral entry into government is in order.
The permanent civil services in developing countries are long considered the source of stability and continuity in societies encountering multiple forms of centrifugal and disintegrating forces. A perennial problem for developing countries is the steep learning curve its civil servants face to cope with new social and technological challenges.
The lateral entry of professionals from outside the civil services into government has long been considered a possible remedy for the apparent weakness of the bureaucratic setup. The Second Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC) and the sixth Central Pay Commission (CPC) commented favourably, albeit with some caution, on lateral entry.
It is argued that lateral entries enable the political leadership to bring into the fold of government the critical domain knowledge it may need. The emergence of a dynamic private sector has prompted a rethink about standard practices of governance. The managerial practices and delivery efficiencies that the private sector is compelled to constantly develop, modify and refine, in order to remain competitive, hold important lessons for governments. In the past, public administration drew heavily upon systems and practices developed by the armed forces for use in civilian administration. The private sector’s experiences have begun to play a similar role vis-a-vis modern-day governments.
International practices regarding lateral entries differ widely. As noted by the ARC, countries such as Australia, Belgium, the Netherlands and the US have a policy of making appointments to identified senior positions in government from a wider pool, comprising all civil servants and applicants from the private sector possessing the requisite domain knowledge. The bulk of the appointments, nevertheless, has historically been from the civil services. Outsiders recruited comprised no more than 10 to 14 per cent in recent times. India, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia and Spain, on the other hand, follow a more closed system. Civil servants recruited at entry levels rise over the years to man top administrative posts. Lateral entries are isolated and sporadic. The strength of the latter system was the prevalence of a common civil service value system, esprit de corps and a heightened awareness regarding capacity building within the services, which proved valuable in the long run.
Even in the heyday of centralised governance and pervasive bureaucracy, the Indian government has been known to selectively bring into its fold outstanding professionals in continued…

Hackers already exploiting Shellshock flawHackers already exploiting Shellshock flaw
By Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ebd12d66-456f-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shellshock bug leaves internet vulnerableShellshock bug threatens internet’s backbone, analysts warn
By Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f7d00d0-44a8-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shellshock shows internet built on thin iceShellshock shows internet ‘built on thin ice’
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27961e52-44d9-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can you resist instant gratificationCan you resist instant gratification for your finances?
By James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8bc0b116-43fe-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Devolution fear for financial servicesDevolution fear for financial services
By Emma Dunkley, James Pickford and Josephine Cumbo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c4ba1ec-3ff1-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland after the vote  investmentsDownload
For investors, it could even be beneficial; a weaker pound means capital gains and income remitted from overseas are worth more in sterling terms; for this reason, wealth manager Nutmeg has recommended that UK-based investors switch into funds (or classes of funds) that do not hedge their currency exposure.
Companies such as GlaxoSmithKline, Royal Dutch Shell and BP – whose shares are popular with retail investors – declare dividends in dollar terms, and those payouts will be worth more to UK-based investors. “The FTSE 100 is a net beneficiary from a weaker pound,” says Mr Beesley.
However, he and many others recommend that investors pick shares on company fundamentals, not exchange-rate forecasts. “Exchange rates are very difficult to call. Who knows what the euro will be worth in a year’s time? It’s very unwise to invest on the basis of what might happen to the exchange rate,” says Paul Taylor, managing director of financial adviser McCarthy Taylor.
I live in Scotland. What will happen to my Isa?
Treasury rules currently prevent those living overseas – except members of the armed forces – from contributing to Isas, although contributions made while resident in the UK can remain invested.
“We would expect a Scottish version of the Isa to be launched at some stage and it follows there could be some form of ‘grandfathering’ of UK Isa savings into any Scottish version,” says Tom McPhail, head of pensions research at financial services group Hargreaves Lansdown.
-------------------------------------------
Shares
I live in England, but I own shares in Scottish companies. Should I sell them?
Most advisers think not. “There are some practical implications [of a Yes vote] but none is especially immediate. There will be around two years of negotiations,” says Jane Sydenham, at wealth management firm Rathbones.
“The long-term investor stands back from the noise,” says Mr Beesley.
Although some share price movements have created headlines , the aggregate impact has not been that large. The FT Scotland index, which tracks the prices of 25 Scottish companies (excluding investment trusts) whose shares trade in London, is still above its starting level on March 21 2013 – when the date of the referendum was announced.
Shares in Standard Life , the insurer and asset manager, fell 2.4 per cent after the first poll putting the Yes campaign in front appeared. But at 410p, they are still above where they were before the company announced a £1.75bn return of capital to shareholders last week.
“Look at BG . Of all the oil majors, it has the most exposure to the North Sea. Yet the biggest drivers of its share price will be what happens in Brazil and Australia,” says Mr Beesley.
Will there be a big relief rally if there’s a No vote?
Many expect sterling to recover some of its recent losses. But others think markets will just find something else to fret about. “I’d be just as worried if No wins, as the main parties seem to be offering just about anything [to keep Scotland in the union] at the moment. It’s not clear what that will do to the rest of the UK’s tax base,” says Mr Taylor.
“The cat is out of the bag now,” says Mr Beesley, who pointed out that the close result in Canada’s Quebec referendum in 1995 meant the issue remained on the table and continued to affect corporate investment decisions.
Scotland after the vote

Alibaba: Weapons of mass ecommerce© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a19e07c-43ef-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US offers $5m bounty for China executiveUS offers $5m bounty for Chinese businessman
By Kara Scannell in New York and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6547d678-cfb3-11e3-a2b7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

West considers World Cup penalty against PutinWestern diplomats consider boycott of Russia 2018 World Cup
By Peter Spiegel and Christian Oliver in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26f10494-32b9-11e4-b86e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EMs will struggle to ride US recoveryEMs will struggle to ride US recovery
By Henny Sender
Cheap energy and low wages mean US is a competitor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10106380-44b3-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US court summons Modi in 2002 Gujarat riots caseEYE BROWSE
US court summons Modi in 2002 Gujarat riots case
The 28-page complaint charges Modi with 'committing crimes against humanity, extra-judicial killings, torture and inflicting mental and physical trauma on the victims, mostly from the Muslim community.'
Yahoo India –  Fri 26 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: A federal court in New York has issued a summon against Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in presiding over the 2002 Gujarat sectarian riots in which more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed, when he was the chief minister of the state.
The federal court summon came hours before Modi was supposed to start off his five-day trip to the United States.
The New York-based American Justice Centre, a non profit organisation, obtained the summons from the US Federal Court for the Southern District of New York in a suit filed with two survivors of what it called the "horrific and organized violence of Gujarat 2002."
The summon requires Modi to respond within 21 days after it is served.
The Hindu reports that if the prime minister fails to answer then a judgement by default will be made against Modi for the relief demanded in the complaint.
Filed under the Alien Tort Claims Act (ATCA) and the Torture Victim Protection Act (TVPA), the 28-page complaint charges Modi with "committing crimes against humanity, extra-judicial killings, torture and inflicting mental and physical trauma on the victims, mostly from the Muslim community."
AJC said it is providing legal support and advice to the survivors in their effort to hold "Modi accountable for his complicity in the violence."
The survivors are suing Modi for the loss of lives and trauma in their families, and caused emotional, financial and psychological devastation in their lives.
"The Tort Case against Prime Minister Modi is an unequivocal message to human rights abusers everywhere," said John Bradley, an AJC director.
"Time and place and the trappings of power will not be an impediment to justice."
The Alien Tort Claims Act, also known as Alien Tort Statute (ATS), is a US federal law first adopted in 1789 that gives the federal courts jurisdiction to hear lawsuits filed by US residents for acts committed in violation of international law outside the US, AJC said.
The group has routinely obtained such summons against visiting Indian leaders, including former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress party president Sonia Gandhi.
Recommend

Saudi man divorces wife for not closing car doorSaudi man divorces wife for not closing car door
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
Riyadh, Sep 25 (IANS) A Saudi man divorced his wife because she refused to close the car door, media reported Thursday.
The couple reportedly went out on a picnic and when they returned home, the wife got out, helped their children to do so and then moved to go into the house, Arab News reported.
Her husband then called out for her to close the door, but she refused, saying he should do so because he was closer to it.
"You are forbidden to me and should not enter my home if you do not close the door," the husband replied.
The woman then reportedly left and returned to her father's house.
Many people have tried to reconcile the couple, but the woman has rejected all attempts, saying that she does not want to remain married to such an "irresponsible" man.
According to a study, there are 2.5 divorce cases for every 1,000 men above the age of 15 in Saudi Arabia.
There were 30,000 divorces in 2012, averaging 82 a day, or three an hour.
Reports from the the ministry of economy and planning said that while courts and marriage officials register around 70,000 marriage contracts annually, they also process more than 13,000 divorces.
The study also showed that Saudi Arabia ranked second among Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries in terms of divorces after Bahrain, where the rate is 2.7 for every 1,000 people.
Recommend

New York Fed hits back on Goldman claimsNew York Fed rejects claims of being too soft on Goldman Sachs
By Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af839e36-458b-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan inflation slips to 10-month low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e52a234-451b-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans economy shrinks most since 2011Japan suffers worst economic contraction since tsunami of 2011
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae7e22c8-227b-11e4-9d4a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japanese director focuses on Fukushima falloutJapanese film director turns his camera on Fukushima fallout
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/877266ca-a82e-11e3-8ce1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japanese volcanic eruption kills 31 hikersLast updated: September 28, 2014 8:34 am
Volcanic eruption kills 31 hikers in Japan
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77cff900-46c9-11e4-8820-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sothebys joins forces with eBayJuly 14, 2014 5:04 pm
Sotheby’s joins forces with eBay
By Nick Wilson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ffd89e8-0b67-11e4-8693-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai roughed up by pro-modi supportersRajdeep Sardesai trends on twitter after New York fistfight
Press Trust of India | New York Sep 28, 2014 09:55 PM IST
Leading TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai was today roughed up by pro-Modi slogan shouting supporters outside the Madison Square Garden, shortly before the Prime Minister's address.
The news created quite a buzz on social networking site Twitter after @JFK_America posted, "Mob of people attacking an Indian journalist for being critical of Modi on the past. Accused if being a traitor".
Sardesai, who quit as the editor-in-chief of IBN 18 Network in July, tweeted, "Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo!"
He added, "Glad we caught the idiots on cam. Only way to shame the mob is to show them".
Sardesai also posted, "Great publicity for my book. All those who took selfies have promised to buy it!"
Mob of people attacking an Indian journalist for being critical of Modi on the past. Accused if being a traitor pic.twitter.com/6xOJTWAxaO
— James FontanellaKhan (@JFK_America) September 28, 2014
But there are numerous videos that show different sides of the arguments between Rajdeep and the mob. 
 
While there are various videos on YouTube that can be interpreted either ways, #iStandWithRajdeep is the top trend through the day on twitter where comments have been made in support of Rajdeep even as many others continue to blame him for provoking and attacking the crowd. 

Ex-BSkyB executive to lead TV show groupFormer BSkyB executive to lead merged TV production group
By Matthew Garrahan in New York and Henry Mance in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b231cb60-4727-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The case for being averagePeople often read  what I have to say  and then write asking for my advice.
But even though I write about lots of things I am expert in only one thing: programming in a computer language called APL. I owe all my financial success and a good deal of personal joy to that funny little language, and if you want to learn how I did it and how you can too then go here .
So how have I been able to succeed in writing on these other subjects?
The answer came to me a few weeks ago as I was reading a book called  How to be Averagely Successful at Comedy  by my friend Dave Cohen. The promotional text bills it as a “practical and funny book explaining how to make a living at comedy” and it certainly is that. But it is also a very entertaining look at what has happened to comedy from Monty Python onward. But its broadest appeal comes from the fact that it is an insightful “how to” book on having an awesome life even if you are just average—whether at comedy or anything else.
At the bottom of page eight it hit me: For years I’ve been writing about being good at being average. I don’t write about things I’m rubbish at like Swahili and Astrophysics. And I don’t write about the one thing I’m expert at because nobody seems to have any interest in learning about things that involve really hard work.
(BTW, you don’t have to buy Dave’s book to read through page eight. You can do it on the Amazon preview . Although the preview does not show page numbers, page eight in the printed version ends with “… but those moments only helped embellish the opening chapter of the mythical narrative that my life story had just become.” Read that far and you’ll know what I am talking about and then you’ll want to buy the book.)
Three average secrets
Even though I hadn’t previously realized I was writing about being good at being average, there are three things about being average that I’ve known for a very long time.
It doesn’t add up—it multiplies
The first thing I know is that success is the product of relevant skills and not a sum. Imagine we give a score of 1 to someone with average skill and 0 to someone with zero skill it is possible that someone with exceptional skill might score 1,000 or even a 1,000,000; Yo Yo Ma plays the cello at least a million times better than the average person because the average person cannot play it at all. Back when I was trading stocks on Wall Street I was perhaps 1,000 times better than the average person at building trading systems, two times better than average at figuring out how to beat the market, and average at marketing myself. So, by my simple model, we can give me a score of 2,000 (1,000 x 2 x 1 = 2,000). But if I had zero skill at actually knowing how to beat the market my score would be zero (1,000 x 0 x 1 = 0). Or if I were as good as I was at everything except letting anyone know I was any good then my score would still be zero (1,000 x 2 x 0 = 0). To be successful you need only be excellent at one thing, average at few other things, and not terrible at any essential ingredients.
Mean beats median
The second thing is that being average usually gets you ahead of at least of half the people and in some cases it puts you way ahead of almost all of them. If you  rank adult Americans  from the poorest to the richest you’ll discover that the person smack dab in the middle has a net worth of $49,900. This is called the median. But if you added up all the wealth and divided by the number of people you’d find that the mean (aka average) wealth of an American is $301,000. This is because some super rich people are screwing up poverty for the rest of us; when Bill Gates walks into a bar all the dipsomaniacs in attendance become billionaires on average. Learn to be more mean and less median.
Learn to be happy being average or you will never be happy
The last and most important thing is that if you cannot be happy being average then you don’t know how to be happy—and being “successful” won’t do you much good. For most of us average is amazing and we should thank our lucky stars every day if we live indoors with enough to eat; we have it better than kings did 200 years ago. Our self-help culture and obsession with success is making us miserable and it has got to stop. Alan de Botton makes the case eloquently in his TED talk  A kinder, gentler philosophy of success  and if you want more then start with  Michael Shermer’s review  of  Sham: How the Self-Help Movement Made America Helpless  and then read the book itself.
Many of us are experts at being average at lots of things
Now that Dave (my average comedian friend) has his book in print he’s discovered that like me he’s average at so many other things—between us we reckon ourselves to be Average at Wealth, Average at Humor, Average at Management, Average at Writing, Average at Finding Work, and a few others.
Dave’s latest goal is to become Average at World Peace. He has spent a lifetime successfully avoiding the world’s most troubled hot-spots such as Iraq, Syria, Serbia and the United Nations, but his latest project involves Jewish and Muslim performers in London coming together to create comedy. A mighty task.
Or is it?
Extremists on all sides may have mutually exclusive objectives, but I bet that 80% of the people caught in the middle would trade victory for a more average outcome, such as peace. The average relationship between any two randomly selected countries is peaceful because they don’t care about each other. It is hard for belligerents to get from hate to love directly, so the chant should be “Make Indifference, not War” because “Make Love, Not War” is asking for too much. Let’s be more bemused and less combative.
There’s no guarantee that Dave’s efforts will work, but since the “give peace a chance” crowd has had the problem for long enough I’m willing to let the comics have a shot at it. As the joke goes: What would you rather have, world peace or a ham sandwich? Answer: A ham sandwich because nothing is better than world peace and a ham sandwich is better than nothing. But a sense of humor is even better than a ham sandwich, especially for the Jews and the Muslims.
What would you like to be good at being average at?
Please go to our new website,  AverageAt.com , and tell us what topics Dave and I should address next. Once we know what you want then we’ll get to work. You can count on us to do a barely adequate job and we’re counting on you to tell us which barely adequate job we should do first.
And never forget, you only have to be average at a few things to be great at what matters most, such as living with joy in your heart.
Visit Brooke’s website, brookeallen.com , for more on how finding work and doing it might be more fun. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Five key takeaways from Modi s speech at Madison Square GardenFive key takeaways from Modi's speech at Madison Square Garden
Abhishek Jha | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 12:33 AM IST
Narendra Modi knows his audiences. If on Saturday (when he addressed the United Nations General Assembly), Modi was serious and crisp in his address, Sunday was his day to play to the gallery. His speech to the Indian diaspora enthralled a packed Madison Square Garden in New York. The audience also included some US Senators and Congressmen in attendance.
Development, a movement:  Modi began his speech by saying that India was evolving fast. He said that it is no more a nation of snake charmers but people who are running the world using a ‘mouse’. He played on his trusted ‘tea vendor’ card and assured the gathering that he was a leader for the common man.
Modi invoked the father of the nation and said that like Mahatma Gandhi made the freedom struggle a national movement, he wanted development to be taken with similar seriousness. He called on each and every citizen to do his/her bit for the country by fulfilling their roles the best of their abilities.   
The 3D strategy: The Prime Minister assured the gathering that this was going to be Asia’s century and that India would be at the forefront of it. For this he talked about a three-pronged strategy which would focus on democracy, demographic dividend and demand.
Modi said democracy was India's biggest strength. Recalling his election campaign, he said that despite the scorching heat the young, old, rich and poor came to hear his speeches because they believed in it.
On demographic dividend he said, "65% of India’s population is under that age of 35.” This available work force would take India places.  
The PM also said that our population could be our strength because of the demand it created in the global market. This demand automatically endeared the Indian market to the global investor.
Make in India and skill development:  The recently launched ‘Make in India’ also got a mention. Modi invited businessmen from all over the world to come to India for their business needs. He assured the business community that red-tapism would be finished and that his government believed in less governance.
The Prime Minister said that skill development was a priority for his government as it would help develop next generation leaders and also increase available jobs.
Ode to Ganga: Modi said that for every Indian, the Ganga is sacred. He said he is committed to cleaning up the river despite the massive financial challenges in store. He added that if one kept religious aspects aside, even then, cleaning the Ganga was necessary from climate preservation point of view.
Endearing the NRIs: True to the buzz, there were sops in store for non-resident Indians. He assured lifelong visas to PIO (Person of Indian Origin) card holders. He also promised to merge PIO and OCI (Overseas Citizenship of India) schemes soon.

In 5 yrs  Mumbais rich MLAs only grewricherIn 5 yrs, Mumbai’s rich MLAs only grew richer
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai |       September 29, 2014 1:13 pm
Comments
The total wealth of the 35 Mumbai MLAs who are seeking re-election increased by 137 per cent since 2009, according to affidavits submitted by them along with their nomination papers. Their wealth grew from Rs 350 crore in 2009 to Rs 830 crore in 2014.
Over half-a-dozen MLAs registered an increase of more than 400 per cent in their wealth, with NCP’s MLA from Kurla Milind Kamble leading the list. Kamble’s wealth grew by 29,900 per cent — from Rs 25,000 in 2009 to Rs 75 lakh in 2014.
Mumbai has 36 constituencies. Of the total 36 MLAs, 35 are seeking re-election. Former BJP MLA Gopal Shetty is not contesting this time as he has been elected to the Lok Sabha. The major gainer in wealth in terms of parties are the four Shiv Sena MLAs, whose cumulative wealth grew at 601 per cent, from Rs 4.68 crore to Rs 32.81 crore.
They were followed by the Congress, whose 17 MLAs showed a cumulative growth of 238.40 per cent, from Rs 86.79 crore to Rs 293.7 crore. They are followed by the six MNS MLAs, whose cumulative wealth grew by 173.45 per cent, from Rs 27.09 crore to Rs 74.08 crore.
After NCP’s Kamble, the major individual gainer in wealth is Sena legislator Bala Sawant whose wealth increased by 1,945 per cent, from Rs 0.11 crore to Rs 2.25 crore.  The third highest increase has been registered by Shiv Sena MLA Ravindra Waikar from Jogeshwari, who has shown an increase of 1,071 per cent, from Rs 1.75 crore in 2009 to 20.5 crore in 2014.
The wealthiest MLA in Mumbai is the BJP MLA from Malabar Hill, Mangal Prabhat Lodha, who owns property worth Rs 198.61 crore. His wealth grew by 189 per cent from Rs 68.64 crore.
He is followed by the Samajwadi Party’s Abu Asim Azmi, who represents the city’s poorest constituency of Mankhurd. His personal wealth is 156.11 crore. He is followed by Congress MLA from Kandivali Ramesh Singh Thakur, whose personal wealth is Rs 81.63 crore. It increased by 267 per cent from Rs 22.22 crore in 2009.

BJP cant be trusted:RajThackeray criticised Uddhav for not asking his party's representatives in the central govt to resign. 
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:54 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 8:23 am
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Sunday slammed the BJP, saying it was a party that cannot be trusted. He also questioned his cousin and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on why, in spite of calling off the alliance with the BJP in the state, he had still not asked his party’s representative in the central government to resign.
“The BJP cannot be trusted. They do not know how to behave with others,” the MNS chief said at the party’s first electoral rally in Kandivali in suburban Mumbai.
With alliances collapsing in Maharashtra, it was widely expected that the MNS would team up with either the BJP or Shiv Sena to form a new political alliance. However, Raj Thackeray laid to rest all speculation by aggressively targeting both the BJP and the Shiv Sena.
He said that few BJP leaders, such as Atul Bhatkhalkar and Sadashiv Lokhande, had approached him, showing willingness to join his party but he dissuaded them. He said he also informed the BJP leadership about these leaders. But the BJP did not reciprocate and poached his party workers. “You took my MLA into your party. You hijacked my candidates. I do not want to have an alliance with such people,” he said.
He also attacked his estranged cousin and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, saying that he had failed to read the writing on the wall. He said had his father Bal Thackeray been alive he would have kicked out the BJP from the alliance. “It is strange that Uddhav did not realise what was happening. If I were in his position I would have kicked them out a month back,” he said.
He questioned Uddhav on why, despite the humiliation meted out to the Sena, his party was not withdrawing from the central government. “After such humiliation meted out to you you have still not withdrawn your minister from the central government. The alliance with the BJP in BMC has also not been broken. All this is being done because they don’t want their income sources to dry up,” Raj said.
He claimed that the splits in the Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP alliances were engineered by the NCP and BJP. “I was told by a senior journalist that Sharad Pawar had called up a senior BJP leader and said that he would call off his alliance in half an hour after the BJP broke its alliance with the Sena,” he said.
In his speech, the MNS chief struck an aggressive tone seeking greater autonomy for Maharashtra and claimed that if he came to power he would monitor all those who enter the state. “When we come to power we will have an eye on all those who enter the state. Each individual will continued…

Paneerselvam is new TN Chief MinisterUpdated: September 29, 2014 09:10 IST
Panneerselvam to be CM again
B Aravind Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu O. Panneerselvam arriving at the AIADMK party office in Chennai. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
The Hindu The AIADMK MLAs unanimously elected the former Finance Minister Paneerselvam as the legislature party leader at a meeting in Chennai on Sunday. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
The Hindu The AIADMK MLAs unanimously elected the former Finance Minister Paneerselvam as the legislature party leader at a meeting in Chennai on Sunday. File photo
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
This is the second time Mr. Panneerslevam will become the Chief Minister of the state.
O. Panneerselvam will be the next Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. He will assume the office for the second time under similar circumstances.
In September, 2001, AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa had to step down as her appointment as Chief Minister was quashed by the Supreme Court.
Thirteen years later, the conviction of Ms. Jayalalithaa by a Special court in Bangalore has elevated him again as Chief Minister.
Mr. Panneerselvam, the AIADMK treasurer, met Governor K. Rosaiah at the Raj Bhavan on Sunday evening and submitted a letter and resolution passed by the party legislators stating that he had been unanimously elected leader of the AIADMK legislature party.
The Governor has since invited him to form the Ministry, according to a Raj Bhavan communiqué.
The swearing-in ceremony is likely on Monday. However, there is no official word on the date and time of the ceremony.
He will be the 28th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu since 1920.

Obama admits US underestimated IS threatBarack Obama admits US underestimated IS threat
By AFP | 28 Sep, 2014, 09.33PM IST
Speaking to CBS News, the president said that former Al-Qaeda fighters driven from Iraq by US and local forces had been able to gather in Syria.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama admitted Sunday that the United States had underestimated the opportunity that a collapsing Syria would provide for jihadist militants to regroup and stage a sudden comeback.
Speaking to CBS News, the president said that former Al-Qaeda fighters driven from Iraq by US and local forces had been able to gather in Syria to form the newly dangerous Islamic State group.
A US-led coalition of Arab and Western allies have begun an air campaign to counter the group, hitting targets in Iraq and Syria, which Obama called "ground zero for jihadists around the world."
"I think our head of the intelligence community, Jim Clapper, has acknowledged that they underestimated what had been taking place in Syria," he said, referring to his director of national intelligence.
Asked whether Washington has also overestimated the ability or will of Iraq's US-trained military to fight the jihadists on its own, Obama said: "That's true. That's absolutely true."
The comments came in advance excerpts of an interview with the "60 Minutes" news show, due to air in full later Sunday.
Obama said IS propagandists had become "very savvy" with social media and lured new recruits "who believed in their jihadist nonsense" from Europe, America and Australia, as well as from Muslim countries.
The president said that part of the solution would be military, citing the US-led strikes to deny the IS group territory and resources, but that Syria and Iraq would also have to resolve their political crises.
Iraq has remained divided since the departure of US troops, with the Sunni population alienated by the authoritarian Shiite-led government, and Syria has been in full-blown civil war since 2011.

US risks falling behind curve on inflation: ..."I think we could suddenly get a patch of high growth, see some wage price inflation," Fisher said on the Fox news program Sunday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Richard Fisher, president of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank, said the United States risks falling behind the curve on inflation as wage pressure starts to bubble in some parts of the country.
"I think we could suddenly get a patch of high growth, see some wage price inflation," Fisher said on the Fox news program Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo. "I'm not worried about it yet, but I've seen it in my own federal reserve district and I think it could happen to the nation as a whole."
Fisher said the U.S. economy was "definitely pulling ahead of the rest of the world" and that "our wounds have been healing".
Some areas, such as Texas, have seen explosive growth, he said. The state benefits from a diversified economy and a pro-business government that has lead to job growth and "massive immigration".
"We were creating jobs in the second quarter at a rate of 5.8 per cent, way ahead of the nation," he said. "If the federal government would only get their act together and be more like us we would be growing as a nation much, much faster."
That growth was being accompanied by wage pressure, he said.
"We're seeing wage price pressures in our surveys that are the highest since before the recession in my federal reserve district," he said.
The Federal Reserve has said it plans in October to end its third round of " quantitative easing " -- a tool used to stimulate the economy. The question, Fisher said, was "how quickly we move to normalize interest rates".
Fisher has previously said he expected interest rate hikes to come "sooner rather than later" and on Sunday he said he was worried that "we are behind the curve at the Fed".
"Monetary policy works with a big lag," he said. "I don't want to fall behind the curve here."
He also warned people to be prepared for when rates do rise.
"We've been fueling the markets , and at some point trees do not just grow to the sky," he said.
Fisher is a voting member of the Fed's policy-setting body in 2014 and is seen as one of its most hawkish members. Other Fed officials worry that tightening policy too soon could derail the U.S. recovery and risk deflation .
William Dudley, head of the powerful New York Fed, said recently that "we need the economy to run a little hot for at least some period of time to push inflation back up to our objective".
Inflation unexpectedly cooled in August and is falling short of the Fed's 2 per cent target.

Hong Kong protesters defiant as police use t...Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters defiant as police use tear gas
By Reuters | 28 Sep, 2014, 10.21PM IST
0
Share More
Chaos had engulfed the city's Admiralty district as chanting protesters converged on police barricades surrounding other demonstrators.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Hong Kong police fired volleys of tear gas to disperse pro-democracy protests on Sunday and baton-charged a crowd blocking a key road in the government district in defiance of official warnings against illegal demonstrations.
Chaos had engulfed the city's Admiralty district as chanting protesters converged on police barricades surrounding other demonstrators, who had earlier launched a "new era" of civil disobedience to pressure Beijing into granting full democracy.
Student and pro-democracy leaders late on Sunday urged supporters to retreat due to safety concerns amid speculation police could fire rubber bullets as tensions escalated.
Some supporters peeled away although thousands remained. Chan Kin-man, one of the co-founders of the Occupy Central movement, said its leaders would remain until they got arrested.
Police, in lines five deep in places and wearing helmets and gas masks, used pepper spray against activists and shot tear gas into the air. The crowds fled several hundred yards, scattering their umbrellas and hurling abuse at police "cowards".
The demonstrators regrouped and returned however, and by early evening tens of thousands of protesters were thronging streets, including outside the prominent Pacific Place shopping mall that leads towards the Central financial district.
"If today I don't stand out, I will hate myself in future," said taxi driver Edward Yeung, 55, as he swore at police on the frontline. "Even if I get a criminal record it will be a glorious one."
A former British colony, Hong Kong returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a formula known as "one country, two systems" that guaranteed a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China. Universal suffrage was set as an eventual goal.
But Beijing last month rejected demands for people to freely choose the city's next leader, prompting threats from activists to shut down Central in what is being seen as the most tenacious civil disobedience action since Britain pulled out. China wants to limit elections to a handful of candidates loyal to Beijing.
LEADER PLEDGES "RESOLUTE" ACTION
Police in full riot equipment later fired repeated rounds of tear gas to clear some of the roads in Admiralty and pushed the crowds towards Central. Health authorities said some 30 people needed treatment.
Police had not used tear gas in Hong Kong since breaking up protests by South Korean farmers against the World Trade Organisation in 2005.
"We will fight until the end ... we will never give up," said Peter Poon, a protester in his 20s, adding that they may have to make a temporary retreat through the night.
Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying had earlier pledged "resolute" action against the protest movement, known as Occupy Central with Love and Peace.
"The police are determined to handle the situation appropriately in accordance with the law," Leung said, less than two hours before the police charge began.
A spokesperson for China's Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office added that the central government fully supported Hong Kong's handling of the situation "in accordance with the law".
Page 1 of 2

US eyes defence deals worth $3-5 bn with IndiaAdobe
(Sources familiar with the…)
NEW YORK: As Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets top government officials and business leaders in the US, about half a dozen large American corporations are pitching for deals worth $ 3-5 billion in defence and aerospace sectors, while many have expressed interest to partner in projects related to smart cities and digital India.
Broader contours of these potential deals are likely to be discussed in Washington where Modi would reach tomorrow evening as part of his five-day US visit ending on September 30.
Sources familiar with the matter said that companies interested in defence deals including for military helicopters include Boeing, Lockheed Martin , General Electric and Raytheon.
Besides many technology giants such as Google , IBM , Adobe and Cognizant are also believed to have expressed intention in partnering the government's smart cities and digital India projects, among others.
Many other companies including Pepsico and consumer product majors are also likely to extend their support for projects like clean India and other ventures, sources said.
The Prime Minister held discussions with a group of top Indian-Americans, including business leaders, and they were invited to India to teach business and entrepreneurship.
Modi's visit also comes at a time when his government is looking to attract more foreign investment as part of efforts to bolster the country's economy.
To boost the manufacturing sector in the country, Indian government has recently launched the 'Make in India' campaign.
Modi has a power-packed schedule of business meetings during his visit and during his interactions with top American corporate executives, he would be rolling out his policy of "red carpet and not red tape" to invite them to come, invest and make in India.
Among others, the 'My Govt Digital Platform' initiative was launched in July with an aim to help citizens contribute in governance by giving their views on important issues.
The Prime Minister is set to hold discussions with more than 15 top American corporate honchos, including top executives of Google, Boeing and General Electric, here tomorrow.
Besides, Modi would be participating in a business meet, to be organised by the US-India Business Council (USIBC), expected to be attended by 300-400 businessmen in Washington on September 30.
The visit is expected to further boost Indo-US trade ties. The value of trade between the two countries stood at nearly $ 64 billion in 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consumers to shell out less for cooking oilConsumers to shell out less for cooking oil
Ram Sahgal, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 03.19AM IST
Tags:
Avinash Verma
(The lower prices will lead…)
MUMBAI: The edible oil industry, which enjoyed a bull run for the past four years, has entered a bearish phase and the biggest beneficiary of this is the Indian consumer, who for the first time in as many years would have to pay less for oils like soyabean, sunflower, palm and mustard during the festive season.
The price of edible oils across categories - soyabean, palm, sunflower -- has fallen by a fifth since June with that of soyabean, the largest consumed oil, having fallen by 23% from Rs 75 per kilo toRs 58 over the past four months. Palm oil, which quotes at a discount of aroundRs 10 per kilo to soyabean, has also dropped by more or less the same extent, said Dinesh Shahra , MD of Ruchi Soya, the leading edible oil refiner, speaking at the sidelines of the Globoil India 2014 conference, the leading forum for local and international vegetable industry officials to meet and network.
The lower prices will lead to an increase in consumption from the normal 18 million tonnes of vegetable oil per annum to 20 million tonnes in the oil year commencing October.
Of this, 13 million tonnes will be imported while the rest will be met through domestic supply. Palm oil is expected to account for around 9 million tonnes of import, followed by soyabean and other oils.
Ruchi Soya officials said that though oil prices are lower, the company would benefit from a push of its branded oils like Ruchi Gold and Mahakosh under the soyabean umbrella. Ruchi's branded oils account for Rs 8,000 crore of its around Rs 25,000 crore turnover. The company plans to double the branded segment to Rs 16,000 crore over the next three years. Branded oils trade at a premium to those which are sold loose with 45% of the 18 million tonnes consumed being branded.Industry officials at Globoil also recommended to food minister Ram Vilas Paswan to double the duty differential of 7.5% between imported crude and refined oil to save the farmer at a time of record palm and soya production globally.
SUGAR WOES
Paswan said sugar mills ought to give the government a timeframe for paying the Rs 7,000 crore remaining arrears to farmers before asking for any form of aid from the Centre. Sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh are selling the sweetener at Rs 29 per kilo against cost of production of Rs 36-37, and in Maharashtra, forRs 27-28 a kilo against cost of production of Rs 31-32, said Avinash Verma , DG of Indian Sugar Mills Association.
There has been bumper sugar production over the past few years even as state governments like UP have consistently raised prices of sugar cane which has led to mills' arrears mounting. The new season beginning next month will have an open stock of 75 lakh tonnes against the normal 50 lakh tonnes.
The government raised the import duty to 25% from 10% to help the sugar industry.
The previous government in December announced soft loans to sugar mills for the five-year period against excise paid for the past three years, and increased the export subsidy as well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EasyJet gains on rivals problems© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2ccc67e-4595-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PayPal now lets shops accept BitcoinPayPal now lets shops accept Bitcoin
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 26, 2014: 6:15 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
PayPal, meet Bitcoin.
This week, the payment processing company PayPal took its first venture into the world of all-digital money.
Merchants that work with eBay's ( EBAY , Tech30 ) PayPal can now easily start accepting payments from customers that use Bitcoin ( XBT ), an independent, government-less currency.
PayPal struck a deal with three Bitcoin payment-processing companies: BitPay , Coinbase and GoCoin .
Related: What is Bitcoin?
Bitcoin is an Internet-based system of money specifically designed to cut out middlemen, like banks and governments. So, it sounds odd to have Bitcoin processors. But they make it easier for everyday, non-tech-savvy businesses to accept bitcoins -- and immediately convert them to cash.
But why take bitcoins -- which have fluctuated in price from $1,100 and $400 in the last year -- instead of proven government money?
The system offers much lower transaction fees, which cost businesses a huge amount of money. The 2%-3% that shops pay in credit card swiping fees can obliterate their profits.
Consider this PayPal's first -- but not last -- foray into the world of Bitcoin. The company has made clear that its interest in Bitcoin runs more than skin deep.
In the last year, eBay's two top executives -- CEO John Donahoe and former president David Marcus -- have expressed interest in Bitcoin's technology.
Related: Here's why Bitcoin matters
PayPal's senior director of corporate strategy, Scott Ellison, told CNNMoney the company is most intrigued by the potential to harness the technology that lies at the heart of the Bitcoin system, a public ledger called a blockchain. It's a totally new way of thinking about transactions. It keeps records that are decentralized and keeps users semi-anonymous while making their transactions public.
"We think Bitcoin has tremendous opportunities going forward," Ellison said. "If you really want to understand how a technology works, you need to actually be in that technological space yourself."
Ellison said the move integrating Bitcoin into PayPal is a continuation of the company's view of itself as "the original payment disruptors."
Jose Pagliery is the author of Bitcoin - And the Future of Money (Triumph Books, Chicago).
First Published: September 26, 2014: 6:15 PM ET
Most Popular

Director of Finance and ResourcesFull-time, Permanent
London SE1
The Mental Health Foundation is the UK’s leading mental health research and development charity. Since 1949, we have worked tirelessly to improve the lives of people affected by mental health problems.
We are to looking to recruit a CCAB-qualified Accountant to play a key role in the leadership of the Foundation, responsible for the development, implementation and monitoring strategies for finance, business development, Human Resources, property, legal compliance and ICT. Working to the Chief Executive and Board of Trustees, you will also ensure the effective management, forecasting and reporting of the Foundation’s finances, act as company secretary and take the lead in business and strategic planning processes.
This is a diverse and challenging brief and will demand an exceptional blend of skills, experience and commercial acumen. You will need to be a CCAB-qualified Accountant and have previous senior level experience in a similar sized organisation, ideally gained within the not-for-profit sector. You will also need to be an exceptional communicator and leader, with the ability to plan and develop strategy and make a major contribution to our continued success. Experience of managing budgets, presenting financial analysis reports and recommendations is essential.
To apply, please visit the website.
Closing date: 10am, Tuesday 28 October 2014
Interview date: Wednesday 19 November 2014
Strictly no recruitment agencies please
Options

Air France pilots halt strike action© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c2b46aa-46fd-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks unions to go on strike for wage hikeBanks unions to go on strike for wage hike
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 26:  
With bank management’s unwilling to improve the wage hike offer and other service conditions, Bank unions will go on a strike, according to CH Venkatachalam, General Secretary, All India Bank Employees Association.
The bank-wide wage negotiation meeting between the bank managements and the unions on Friday ended in a stalemate.
Venkatachalam said the date of strike will be decided in consultation with all trade unions in the banking sector.
While the bank managements, under the aegis of the Indian Banks’ Association are for 11 per cent increase in wage bill, unions say this is not enough.
“Besides increase in the cash component of the salary, we also want improvement in pension benefits, enhanced healthcare benefits, and five-day banking, among others,” said Venkatachalam.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Renzi faces battle over labour reformMatteo Renzi faces battle over labour reform
By James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/018fe99e-4656-11e4-8820-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to win over 20 000 Indians expecting the greatest show on earthSeptember 28, 2014
It was a spectacle, for sure.
An adoring crowd of nearly 20,000 applauded and cheered almost unceasingly on cue—and laughed at every punchline, no matter how old (heard the one about the snake charmers and mice ?). Indian prime minister Narendra Modi transformed a typically staid state visit into a stage show (lights, camera, and lots of Bollywood-inspired action) at New York’s Madison Square Garden.
There was even a portrait of Modi painted in real time, to the tune of Indian classical music. Modi spoke from a rotating podium in a venue better known for hosting rock concerts, athletes, and the occasional circus. Like them, today’s event was crafted for impact—and it didn’t entirely disappoint.
In a nearly 90-minute long speech that began with highlighting programs and reforms that he and his government have previously outlined, Modi saved the best for last—a promise to streamline the visa process for non-resident Indians, the overwhelming majority of his audience. (Although many of the initiatives had been previously announced and had been slated to take effect this year.)
Despite a crowd of protesters outside, it’s undeniably been a good week for India, including a successful Mars mission , a new  Make in India campaign, and a maiden speech at the United Nations.
The show goes on. The next guy to win over: President Obama.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Indian-American dancers perform to a traditional Gujurati folk song. There were numerous performances ahead of Modi’s speech.(Daniel A. Medina/Quartz)
Share
Tap image to zoom
Modi supporters observe the US national anthem. Most attendees were Indian Americans from New York and neighboring states.(Daniel A. Medina/Quartz)
Share
Tap image to zoom
A Modi supporter observes the US national anthem. Nearly all those in attendance were Indian Americans from New York and neighboring states.(Daniel A. Medina/Quartz)
Share
Tap image to zoom
Modi addressing the crowd from a rotating podium. Sunday’s event at Madison Square Garden was the most high profile of his whirlwind US tour.(Daniel A. Medina/Quartz)
 

Jayalalithaa DA case: All you wanted to knowPrint
After an 18-year court battle, judge John Michael Cunha convicted 66-year old Jayalalithaa in a Rs.66 crore disproportionate asset case at a special court in Bangalore.
He held Jayalalithaa and three others - Sasikala and her relatives V.N.Sudhakaran and J.Illavarasi guilty. Sasikala is the close aide of Jayalalithaa.
Jayalalithaa was charged with acquiring assets worth around Rs.66 crore which is disproportionate to her known sources of income.
During her first tenure (1991-1996) as the chief minister, Jayalalithaa had announced that she would take just Re.1 as her salary.
The charge against her was that her assets were around Rs.3 crore in 1991 and had grown to around Rs.66 crore between 1991-1996.
The AIADMK was voted out in 1996 as it was perceived to be corrupt.
Incidentally, DMK MP T.M. Selvaganapathy lost his Rajya Sabha seat this year after he was convicted in the cremation shed case by a CBI court. He was the local administration minister in Jayalalithaa's government when the scam broke. He later switched sides to the DMK.
On June 14, 1996, Subramanian Swamy, then Janata Party leader, filed a complaint before the principal sessions judge here alleging that Jayalalithaa had assets disproportionate to her known sources of income. Swamy, was then the president of the the Janata Party, which has since merged with BJP.
When the AIADMK returned to power in 2001 several witnesses turned hostile. On a petition filed by DMK leader K. Anbazhagan in the apex court, the case was transferred to Bangalore from Chennai.
Since then, the case meandered, with several petitions filed by the defence and several adjournments.
Over 255 prosecution witnesses and over 95 defence witnesses have been heard in the case.
Jayalalithaa was also summoned by the trial court in 2011 and answered over 1,300 questions posed to her by the judge.
This is not the first time in her political career that Jayalalithaa has been convicted by a court. In 2000, a trial court sentenced Jayalalithaa for three years and two years imprisonment in two cases.
The big question now is who will head the government in the absence of Jayalalithaa. Again this is not the first time such a question has cropped up.
In 2001, Jayalalithaa had to step down as a chief minister following a Supreme Court verdict which held that she cannot hold the office after being convicted for criminal offences.
However, she made O. Panneerselvam, a senior minister in her government, as the chief minister.
In 2002, Jayalalithaa again became the chief minister after being acquitted by the Madras High Court. She was later elected from Andipatti constituency.
AIADMK leaders do not rule out re-run of such an arrangement.
Friends and foes are in awe of Jayalalithaa, who is the tallest Brahmin politician in a state where anti-Brahminism is a part of political discourse.
Even her critics admit that Jayalalithaa is a fighter and has an iron grip over her party.
The judgment against her was delivered in a state where she was born.
Born in what was then known as Mysore on Feb 2, 1948, Jayalalithaa moved to Chennai with her mother, who started acting in movies.
Jayalalithaa studied at the Bishop Cotton Girl's High School in Bangalore and another Christian convent, Church Park, in Chennai. A bright student, Jayalalithaa ventured into acting and made her debut at the age of 16 in a Kannada movie.
Her first Tamil movie was the memorable "Vennira Aadai". But it was the grand success of "Aayirathil Oruvan" pairing with the legendary M.G. Ramachandran (MGR) that turned Jayalalithaa into a leading light of Tamil movie world.
She has paired with almost all the leading Tamil heroes. She has acted in over 100 movies, mostly in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada.
A charismatic leader who is at home in Tamil, English and Hindi (a rare quality in Tamil Nadu politics), Jayalalithaa has also sung many songs and written several stories. But when she entered politics, few could have predicted her meteoric rise.
AIADMK founder-leader MGR made Jayalalithaa the party's propaganda secretary in the early 1980s. In 1984, she entered the Rajya Sabha.
Jayalalithaa, who chose never to marry, was elected to the Tamil Nadu assembly for the first time in 1989. Just two years later, she became the chief minister, sweeping the election of 1991 held in the wake of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi's assassination.
She lost her huge mandate within five years amid corruption charges.
Recommend

Sandy Hook commission calls for tighter regulation of homeschooling of children with significant emotional  social or behavioral problemsSo reports ctpost.com :
Parents who home-school children with significant emotional, social or behavioral problems would have to file progress reports prepared by special education program teams, under a proposal being considered by the governor’s Sandy Hook Advisory Commission….
[T]he commission, which is preparing its final report to Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, said tighter scrutiny of home-schoolers may be needed to prevent an incident such as the December 2012 slaughter of 20 first-graders and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown. The murders were carried out by Adam Lanza, a disturbed 20-year-old who had been home-schooled by his mother, Nancy Lanza, whom he also shot to death on the morning of his murder spree.
Lanza was apparently pulled out of school at age 16, and was home-schooled briefly, until he got his GED. (Note that Connecticut law provides that, after age 17, education — whether public, private, or home — is not compulsory in any event.)
Under the proposal, home-schooled children with behavioral and emotional disabilities would have to have individualized education plans approved by the special education director of the local public school district. Allowing for the continued home-schooling of such children would be predicated on the individualized plans and “adequate progress” documented in mandatory annual reports.
The story quotes commissioner member Dr. Harold I. Schwartz as saying,
Given the individuals involved in the tragedy that formed the basis of this commission, I think we have thought this issue out at some length and we believe it is very germane and that the actual facts leading up to this incident support the notion of the risk in not addressing social and emotional learning needs of children who may have significant needs in that area who are home-schooled.
In principle, I agree that parents have obligations to their children, including the obligation to educate them and to give them medical care. This may include psychiatric care, if the problems are sufficiently severe. I’m just skeptical that the state is going to be terribly good at second-guessing home-schooling parents’ judgment with regard to kids with emotional, social, and behavioral problems (a group that is of course hard for parents to help, but that is hard for state authorities to help, too). And that’s especially so if the regulatory scheme is driven by concerns about the tiny, tiny fraction of children whose problems lead them to become mass murderers — a psychological process that, to my knowledge, psychiatry (unsurprisingly) doesn’t really fully understand.
But I’m certainly not an expert on this — I’d love to hear what others think.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Punjab enter semis with spotless recordKings XI Punjab go to semifinals with spotless record
CLT20, GAME 17 -- Cape Cobras collapse spectacularly after skipper Amla's cameo.
By Devashish Fuloria | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Kings XI Punjab 139 for 3 (Saha 42*, Peterson 2-19) beat Cape Cobras 135 (Levi 42, Amla 40, Anureet 3-12, Akshar 3-22) by seven wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Patel, Anureet ran through the Cobras.
A late batting collapse in the Cape Cobras innings, triggered by career-best spells from Akshar Patel and Anureet Singh, helped Kings XI Punjab overcome an early blitz from Hashim Amla . Their batsmen then comfortably overhauled the middling target to make it four wins in four, ensuring the team finished at the top of the Group B table.
The pitch had been sluggish in the afternoon during the game between Barbados Tridents and Hobart Hurricanes and that had forced the groundsman to water the surface before the start of the match. One cannot be certain if the way Cobras started their innings was a result of that or the brilliance of one man. Amla saw his partner Richard Levi pick up two fours and a six in the first two overs - all poor deliveries - before spreading his wings.
Amla greeted Kings XI's best bowler, Akshar Patel, with a rasping cut shot in the third over and followed it up with two inside-out boundaries in the next over - one of them going all the way over the ropes. Thirteen runs came off the fourth over but it just happened to be the trailer. In the fifth over, Amla launched into Thisara Perera , picking up five consecutive boundaries and taking the team well past 50 in the process.
But the innings took a different turn once Amla holed out at long off to Karanveer Singh's legspin. The ball started gripping and stopping on the pitch again. Levi continued for a bit, finding the odd big hit and taking the team past 100 in the 13th over, before the wheels came off.
The next seven wickets, after Levi was dismissed, could only last for 33 more balls and only 30 runs were added in that period. Three of those wickets went to the impressive Akshar, who was also economical, giving away just two fours in his spell, and the other three to Anureet. Both also had to thank the agility of their wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha who affected two stumpings off Akshar and took a brilliant diving catch off Anureet.
The target of 136 was going to be hard to defend against the Kings XI batting line-up. They had been prolific during the IPL and they have been similarly ruthless in the Champions League this year. Their lowest total - 146 - came from 17.4 overs. So Cobras' best bet was to pick early wickets. But that never happened. Apart from Robin Peterson , who picked up the wickets of Virender Sehwag and Manan Vohra, none of the bowlers exerted any control over the batsmen and, with no real weak spot in their batting order, the run rate never dipped during any of the partnerships.
Sehwag and Vohra added 41 for the opening wicket, Saha joined Sehwag to add another 33. Once Sehwag was dismissed, Saha added 34 with Glenn Maxwell and paired with David Miller to take Kings XI over the line.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Sony Xperia Z3 launchxperia-z3-compact-to...    Cached
Last night, Sony unveiled the Xperia Z3 and the Xperia Z3 Compact at its pre-IFA event in Berlin. Turns out you won’t need to wait long to get your hands on the new ...

Hrithik Roshan Bang BangHrithik Roshan on divorce with Sussanne Khan - 'Separation...
DNA IndiaNov 18 5:10 PM
In the last one year, ever since Hrithik Roshan and Sussanne Roshan have publicly come out in the open, and released statements about their separation, the Bang Bang star has been questioned about his split several times.

Russian Cosmonaut Slaps Down Reporters Asking About Her Hair And MakeupRussian Cosmonaut Slaps Down Reporters Asking About Her Hair And Makeup
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Yelena Serova is making history. She is about to be the first Russian woman to go to the International Space Station and only the fourth Russian woman in history to enter space.
But during a Friday press conference with two of her male colleagues before lift-off, Serova -- and only Serova -- was questioned about her hair and makeup.
"Can you tell me more about your everyday life on the station? For example, how are you planning to do your hair?" one reporter asked.
Serova shot back with an indignant response.
"Can I ask a question, too?" she replied. "Aren't you interested in the hairstyles of my colleagues?"
Serova was also quizzed on whether she would be taking makeup with her on the flight and how her daughter would cope in her absence.
According to the BBC , Serova has faced similar questions in the past, and once offered to demonstrate how she intended to wash her hair on board.
"My flight is my job," Serova said during the conference on Friday.
"I'll be the first Russian woman who will fly to the ISS," she added. "I feel a huge responsibility towards the people who taught and trained us, and I want to tell them that we won't let you down."
More:

Nursing student strip-searched by college staffEYE BROWSE
Stripping row rocks Ludhiana college
The third year student of nursing was allegedly frisked in the presence of college principal, nursing superintendent and hospital warden, after she was suspected of stealing a mobile phone.
Mail Today –  Fri 26 Sep, 2014
Print
CHANDIGARH: An alleged incident of college staff strip-searching a female nursing student on Wednesday has rocked the Mohan Dai Oswal College of Nursing in Ludhiana.
The incident led to massive protests by the student's relatives, following which police promised action against the college staff.
The third year B.Sc. student of nursing was allegedly frisked in the presence of college principal, nursing superintendent and hospital warden, after she was suspected of stealing a mobile phone.
According to sources, the student was suspected of stealing the ward attendant's phone. She was allegedly forced to remove her clothes twice in the presence of college principal and others.
However, the college staff did not find any mobile phone on her. The student reportedly fainted after she was strip-searched.
On Wednesday night the student's relatives protested at the college, demanding the staffers involved in the strip search be removed from their positions.
But when the student's parents complained about the incident, they were reportedly told by the college principal that such frisking was usual in case of any theft.
Police, however, have promised action against the college staff.
"Mobile phone was not recovered from the student. We have assured her relatives that action will be taken against the accused staff involved in the strip search," Ludhiana DSP Rupinder Kaur Saran told Mail Today.
"The college management is conducting an internal probe".
Meanwhile, the student is still in a traumatised condition.
Recommend

Branson on knowing your weaknessRichard Branson on knowing your weaknesses | On Leadership
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- Virgin Group founder Richard Branson talks with The Post's Lillian Cunningham about his dyslexia, his trouble with numbers and why neither has held him back. ()
RELATED LINKS
- Virgin Group founder Richard Branson talks with The Post's Lillian Cunningham about his dyslexia, his trouble with numbers and why neither has held him back. ()
Richard Branson on knowing your weaknesses | On Leadership (1:46)
Playlist On Leadership

Top five blue-chip companies lose Rs 45 887.6 cr in m-capbenchmark
(While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank…)
NEW DELHI: Amid weakening stocks , the combined market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC , CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS's value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC's value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex fell by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 7 stocks which can give 35% return in 1 yrYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
S&P upgrades India outlook to 'stable'; top 7 stocks which can give up to 35% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 27, 2014, 12.46PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(S&P's revised their outlook…)
NEW DELHI: Global rating agency Standard & Poor's Ratings Services on Friday revised their outlook on India to 'stable' from 'negative'. At the same time, they have affirmed their 'BBB-' long-term sovereign credit ratings on India.
"Our outlook revision reflects our view that India's improved political setting offers a conducive environment for reforms, which could boost growth prospects and improve fiscal management," S&P said in a report.
At the same time, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services revised their outlook on seven Indian companies to 'stable' from 'negative' and affirmed the ratings following similar action on the sovereign credit rating on India (BBB-/Stable/A-3).
We have collated a list of stocks where S&P has raised its outlook, along with analysts' take for a period of the next 12 months:
1) Reliance Industries Ltd: Target price set at Rs 1230
S&P has revised the outlook on Reliance to reflect the reduced likelihood that it may lower its transfer and convertibility (T&C) assessment following the sovereign action. S&P rates Reliance above the sovereign because of the company's large cash balance, the fact that most of the cash flows are linked to foreign currency, and their assessment that its stand-alone credit profile is 'BBB+'.
Analysts' take:
Reliance Industries has underperformed benchmark indices by a wide margin. The stock rallied a little over 5 per cent as compared to a 26 per cent rally seen on the Sensex.
Well, some of this may be due to significant margins weakness. GRM (Singapore complex; $3.0/bbl in Aug-14) as well as NJA refining stocks are close to five-year lows. Even though cracker margins have recovered on headline, the polyester chain remains weak.
Credit Suisse maintains 'outperform' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1230, which represents an upside of 31 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 933.60.
"While margins are currently poor, we do not think they are sustainable as this should likely lead to cash flow issues at simple refiners," said a Credit Suisse report.
A US$1/bbl GRM miss hurts FY15E EPS by 9 per cent. Even at these lower margins, RIL should deliver 15 per cent EPS CAGR over FY14-18. A $1/bbl miss in GRM would hurt RIL's FY15E EPS by 9 per cent.
2) ONGC: Target price set at Rs 485
S&P has revised rating on ONGC to 'stable' to reflect the sensitivity of the company to the sovereign credit rating on India, given its very strong relationship to the government. S&P expects the government to maintain its majority ownership, and influence the business and financial strategy of the company.
Analysts' take:
ONGC has been one of the top performers on both the Sensex and the Nifty. The stock has rallied over 40 per cent so far in the year 2014 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
ONGC is looking forward to a gas price hike so that a lot of production can come on stream and become viable, say analysts. Till that happens, selling ONGC may not get the optimum result for the government as well.
Oil and gas looks the most promising and with the decline in crude oil prices, things are getting better for most of the players.
Motilal Oswal remains positive on ONGC due to (1) likely increase in net realization due to lower subsidy driven by continued diesel price hikes, (2) significant upside potential of decision on gas price, and (3) attractive valuations.
The stock trades at 9.4x FY16E EPS of Rs 42.7 with an implied dividend yield of 3 per cent. The brokerage firm has a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 485, which represents an upside of 17.6 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 412.20.
3) Power Grid Ltd: Target price set at Rs 160
S&P has revised rating on Power Grid to 'stable' to reflect the sensitivity of the company to the sovereign credit rating on India, given its very strong relationship to the government. S&P expects the government to maintain its majority ownership, and influence the business and financial strategy of the companies.
Analysts take:
"Power Grid is trading at 1.6x PB, at a 35 per cent discount to its historical average 2.5x it traded over the period FY07-11 (2.1-3.9x PB)," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com.
"We expect PGCIL's net sales to see a 15 per cent CAGR in FY14-16E on the back of higher capitalization, while the company's PAT would rise by 11 per cent during the same period," he added.
Gorakssakar has a buy recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 160, which represents an upside of 17 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 136.95.
 
4) NTPC: Target price set at Rs 188
S&P has revised rating on NTPC to 'stable' to reflect the sensitivity of the company to the sovereign credit rating on India, given its very strong relationship to the government. S&P expects the government to maintain its majority ownership, and influence the business and financial strategy of the companies.
Analyst take:

FIIs pump in over Rs 20K cr in Sept | India s exposure to US govt securities touch $79.7 bnFIIs pump in over Rs 20,000 crore in September
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 12.54PM IST
Tags:
debt market
(Market analysts maintain…)
NEW DELHI: Overseas investors have poured in a whopping over Rs 20,000 crore in the Indian capital markets since the beginning of this month as influenced by the reform agenda of the new government.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 5,117 crore ($ 848 million) from September 1 to 26, while they infused a net amount of Rs 15,308 crore ($ 2.5 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 20,425 crore ($ 3.4 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government, including opening up the retail sector to foreign players, deregulation of diesel prices and a gas pricing formula and speedy auctions for de-allocated coal mines among others.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of over Rs 2 lakh crore ($ 33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of over Rs 83,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.2 lakh crore into debt market.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $ 204 billion, or Rs 9.92 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $ 160 billion investments into equities and about $ 44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lee falls yet again to great Chinese rival LinSep 28, 2014, 11.42 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Lee falls yet again to great Chinese rival Lin
GAMES-ASIAN-BADMINTON:Lee falls yet again to great Chinese rival Lin
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lee falls yet again to great Chinese rival Lin
GAMES-ASIAN-BADMINTON:Lee falls yet again to great Chinese rival Lin
Post your opinion here
 
By Peter Rutherford
INCHEON South Korea (Reuters) - Badminton world number one Lee Chong Wei fell yet again to his great adversary Lin Dan in the semi-finals of the Asian Games on Sunday, ending the Malaysian's last hope of winning a gold medal at the Asiad.
The 31-year-old is winding down a career that has seen him win more than 50 career titles and crowned the world's top player, but the search for that elusive major title goes on.
On Sunday, it was his Chinese nemesis, the man who has denied the Malaysian glory on so many occasions, that brought him to his knees once more.
"This is my last Asian Games, so I tried my best," said a disappointed Lee, who fought back from a set down to level the match but was blown away by Lin's pace and power in the decider.
"In the first set, I led the game until the middle of set, but finally lost. In third, I couldn't match his speed."
Lin won a close first set 22-20 but Lee stepped up his game in the second, capitalising on uncharacteristic errors from his opponent to level the match 21-12.
But the double Olympic and five-time world champion took his game to a new level in the third set and took the decider 21-12.
"Even though I couldn't win the gold and lost in the semi-finals, I'm very satisfied with my result," said Lee.
Lin was the only man that stood between Lee and Olympic gold both in London and Beijing, but the Chinese sensation always had the best of him at the Games.
He also beat him the final of the world championships twice and denied him gold at the last Asian Games in Guangzhou four years ago.
Lin, who will now meet compatriot Chen Long in Monday's final, had nothing but praise for his long-time rival.
"Lee Chong Wei is the greatest competitor," he said. "It was my honour to compete with him."
(Editing by John O'Brien)

Eurosceptics test German commitmentSeptember 28, 2014 7:29 pm
Germany’s eurosceptics sow the seeds of turmoil
By Wolfgang Münchau
The AfD only needs to create doubt to upset economic equilibrium
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa6dc99c-44de-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

European oil sanctions  promises© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2dd64044-34fd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Silva quenches Brazils thirst for changeSilva’s tale of transformation is personal and political
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cef79c3c-39e1-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MPs sceptical and anxious over Isis strikesMPs sceptical and anxious over Isis strikes
By George Parker, Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e401578e-4586-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rosneft and Exxon strike oil in ArcticRosneft and ExxonMobil strike oil in Arctic well
By Jack Farchy in Moscow and Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d667e26c-457e-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RAF in first combat mission against IsisRAF completes first Iraq combat mission
By Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent, and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa5720d2-4562-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama to work with Modi  will fulfil promise of partnershipObama to work with Modi, will fulfil promise of strategic partnership
By Arun Kumar | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014
Chelsea win to stay top as City, United enjoy victories
By Mike Collett LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea beat West Bromwich Albion to stay top of the Premier League on Saturday while champions Manchester City kept the leaders in their sights and Manchester United demonstrated they are not out of the title race yet. Chelsea played some dazzling football to easily beat West Brom 2-0 at Stamford Bridge with goals from Diego Costa and Eden Hazard to stretch their unbeaten start to the season to 18 matches in all competitions. ... …
Late kickoffs a culture shock for new Sociedad boss Moyes
By Tim Hanlon BARCELONA, Nov 21 (Reuters) - New coach David Moyes says it will be something of a culture shock to have his first game in charge of struggling Real Sociedad at 10pm on a Saturday night, at Deportivo La Coruna. The former Manchester United boss replaced Jagoba Arrasate earlier this month and will have to adapt quickly to his fresh surroundings. "Maybe you will all be in bed by that time, I don’t know. It is completely different for me but I wanted to come here to experience …
Giroud faces fight to get back into Arsenal team, says Wenger
LONDON (Reuters) - France international Olivier Giroud faces a fight to get back into the Arsenal team after recovering from a broken leg, manager Arsene Wenger said on the eve of Saturday's mouth-watering Premier League clash with Manchester United. Giroud, who has been out since breaking his leg against Everton on Aug. 23, has made a quicker than expected return to fitness and the striker was praised by his boss when he spoke to reporters at his pre-match briefing on Friday. "The surgery went …
Washington, Sep 27 (IANS) As Prime Minister Narendra Modi began a landmark visit to the US, the White House declared that it highly valued the India-US partnership and President Barack Obama looked forward to working with Modi to fulfil its promise.
"I can tell you that the visit is an opportunity to discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategy partnership," White House press secretary Josh earnest told reporters Friday.
"It is a partnership that is highly valued by this country and by this White House," he said ahead of Obama's meetings with Modi, first for a private dinner at the White House on Monday followed by a formal bilateral summit in his Oval office Tuesday.
Vice President Joe Biden will also attend the dinner as also the summit and later with Secretary of State John Kerry host a lunch for Modi at the State Department Tuesday.
At their summit the two leaders "will discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategy partnership," Earnest said.
"We will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world," Earnest said.
"We'll focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners toward a positive outcome," he said.
"The President himself looks forward to working with the Prime Minister to fulfil the promise of the US-India strategy partnership for the benefit of citizens in both our countries," Earnest said.
Asked what the White House planned to do at the dinner for a fasting Modi, the official said: "We obviously try to be respectful of the needs of all of the high-profile visitors that come to the White House, and to be respectful of their observances."
It was a working dinner with a substantial number of people around the table, Earnest said.
And if Modi or any other participants "choose not to eat based on their own religious or cultural observance, then we'll certainly work to accommodate their needs as best we can."
Asked if it meant there will be food at the table, but Modi just won't partake, the official said: "Well, I think that he has indicated that is what his plan is, but I'll let his spokesman speak for him."
Earnest also did not anticipate that summons issued against Modi by a New York court in a case filed by American Justice Centre would "have any impact on his very important visit here to the US and to the White House" as he enjoyed immunity.
Echoing other senior administration officials, he reiterated that "as a general legal principle, sitting heads of government enjoy immunity from lawsuits in American courts while in the United States."
"Sitting heads of government also enjoy personal inviolability while in the United States, which means they cannot be personally handed or delivered papers to begin the process of a lawsuit."
"In addition, as a matter of treaty, the heads of delegations to the UN General Assembly enjoy immunity while in New York to attend UN events."
"So this means I don't anticipate that it's going to have any impact on his very important visit here to the US and to the White House," he said.
Meanwhile, Modi is all set to take to the world stage with an address to the UN general assembly Saturday morning in New York.
He is expected to speak in Hindi like former prime minister Atal Bihari, Vajpayee who was the first person to deliver a speech to UNGA in Hindi as external affairs minister in 1997.
(Arun Kumar can be contacted at arun.kumar@ians.in)

India  China agree to end Himalayan border face-offPrint
By Sanjeev Miglani
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India and China have agreed to pull back troops ranged against each other on a remote Himalayan plateau, the Indian government said on Friday, ending their biggest face-off on the disputed border in a year.
The two armies mobilised about 1,000 soldiers each in Ladakh this month, accusing the other of building military infrastructure in violation of an agreement to maintain peace until a resolution of the 52-year territorial row.
Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj said she met her Chinese counterpart, Wang Yi, in New York on Thursday and the two agreed to withdraw their soldiers to their original positions by the end of the month.
"The bad phase is over," state-run All India Radio quoted her as telling reporters in New York.
China defeated India in a brief war in 1962 and since then the border has remained unresolved despite 17 rounds of talks. The two armies cannot even agree on where the Line of Actual Control, or the ceasefire line following the fighting in 1962, lies, leading to face-offs between border patrols.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that the border was in "tranquility".
"The dispute has been effectively managed," she said at a daily briefing.
The flare-up at the border occurred in the middle of Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit aimed at ramping up commercial relations under India's business-focused Prime Minister Narendra Modi who took office in May.
India said hundreds of Chinese troops had intruded into the Chumar sector of Ladakh, equipped with bulldozers and trucks, to build a road.
China earlier had protested against India's decision to erect an observation hut on a hilltop in the area as well as an irrigation canal in Demchok in another part of the contested 3,500-km (2,175-mile) border.
The military commanders of the two sides held a flag meeting on Thursday at a border crossing to work out details of the des-escalation, a government official said in New Delhi.
He declined to give details of the pullback or if the armies had agreed to take down the new structures.
"It was a positive meeting, and we are moving forward," he said, declining to be identified because of the sensitivity of the situation.
Two flag meetings earlier in the week had failed to defuse the situation, the most serious since a 21-day stand-off last year when India said Chinese troops set up camp in the Depsang sector that it controlled.
China's foreign ministry, in a statement on the talks between the two foreign ministers, did not refer to the border tensions, saying only that the two countries must build on Xi's successful visit to India.
"The two sides should follow the strategic plan on the development of bilateral relations laid down by leaders of the two countries, maintain high-level interactions, increase mutual trust, deepen practical cooperation (and) intensify friendly exchanges between the two peoples," it said.
(Additional reporting by Megha Rajagopalan in BEIJING; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Recommend

Hawkish Plosser to stand down from FedHawkish Plosser to stand down from Fed
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aef8fd50-4264-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When Hollywood played cricketAn Englishman abroad
The story of the great actor-cricketer Charles Aubrey Smith, and Hollywood CC, founded in the early '30s
By Martin Williamson | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014 2:04 PM IST
0
Cricket for expats in the Los Angeles area in 1990. (Kypros/Getty Images)
The exploits of the Hollywood Cricket Club in the decade before World War II have gone down in cricket folklore: stories of leading film stars of the era mixing with leading cricketers to play the most quintessentially English game in the surrounds of Los Angeles. Imagine Ted Dexter running a side featuring Russell Crowe, Colin Firth and Andrew Strauss , with Kate Winslet serving the teas and you are not too far off the mark.
That it happened at all was only because of the near obsession former England captain Charles Aubrey Smith had with game. Smith, whose nickname "Round The Corner" came from his idiosyncratic approach to the wicket, was a decent county allrounder with Sussex, his one England cap coming in South Africa's first Test in 1888-89, which was only officially recognised as such years later.
He remained in South Africa for a short time - gold prospecting and stockbroking were among his pursuits - but his fortunes changes in 1895 when he made his debut on the London stage. He continued in the theatre until 1915, when he added, with moderate success, silent films to his repertoire. He moved between the USA and Britain regularly for the next decade, depending where the work was, but by the late 1920s his career seemed in a slow decline.
The advent of sound in films changed all that and he suddenly found himself flooded with offers of parts, being seen as the quintessential elderly Englishman.
"His diction was heavy and strident and he would have found the concept of method acting laughable," wrote Jeremy Mailes in the Wisden Cricketer in 2004. "He took the Jane Austen approach and stuck rigidly to what he knew, often playing monarchs or crusty martinets. He managed to portray the Duke of Wellington in three unrelated films. But his caricatured screen roles were not too far from the truth. He used to have the Union Jack raised daily at his home near Mulholland Drive and was easily offended by the sexual mores of others."
Although cricket had thrived before World War I in the USA, that was not the case on the West Coast, where clubs were few and far between. Smith, who was by then in his 60s, sought out a few matches but was alarmed by the poor, often dangerous, conditions games were played under.
In the winter of 1931, Smith went to the University of California in Los Angeles and negotiated the use of their relatively new grounds on Saturdays and Sundays. Boris Karloff, an A-list actor and a stalwart of Hollywood CC, recalled: "[There was] the single proviso that we try to pull in a few students; a few of them came, looked, sniffed and departed."
Smith supervised the construction of a field and pavilion at Griffith Park, near many of the film studios in Burbank, with such an eye for detail that he insisted on the planting of five cartloads of grass seed imported from England. He was also a stickler for proper attire and was never seen without his boater, white flannels and striped blazer.
The first season, in 1932, ran from April to October and matches were played on a matting wicket. Smith had contacts, a name and a large number of British expats eager to play cricket with like-minded souls. And he was not a man to say "no" to. He was also working hard and still found time to make seven feature films in the year.
CRICKET IN AMERICA
In his Cricket in America, 1710-2000, P David Sentance noted Lawrence Olivier's introduction to the club in 1936: "He found a note from Smith as he checked in to the Chateau Marmont that proclaimed: 'There will be net practice tomorrow at 4pm. I trust I shall see you there.' He showed up in cricket boots borrowed from Karloff."
31st July 1935: Actors vs Musicians (Getty Images)For many of the home games there were sizeable crowds, a mixture of expats and bemused locals attracted by some of the Hollywood stars. Karloff and Ronald Colman were regulars, as were other actors, both English and American. Over the years Errol Flynn, David Niven and many other top names played, and contemporary accounts state the teas were served by equally well-known actresses. PG Wodehouse, one of Hollywood's highest paid screenwriters, who split his time between Britain and the USA, was a vice-president and took the minutes at the first meetings.
The paucity of opposition in the area meant that Smith took the side on tour in the summer. One trip involved travelling 1000 miles to play four matches in and around San Francisco.
Visiting battleships also provided teams, with crews from around the empire happy to seize the chance of playing cricket against opponents in idyllic conditions. The big draw in the first season came when the HMS Delhi docked.
Without a doubt the highlight was the visit of a strong Australia side at the end of their two-and-a-half month tour of the USA. They enjoyed the convivial atmosphere and were taken by Smith onto the set of The Mask of Fu Manchu, which he was filming at the time.
They played four one-day matches at the ground, three against Hollywood CC and one against a side of British-born actors. Smith only played in the latter game but top-scored with 24. Unsurprisingly, and despite all the games being 11 Australians v 18 opponents, the tourists won them at a canter.
Nothing remains of Griffith Park, which was bulldozed by the local authorities to make way for the equestrian centre for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympic Games
Karloff said that the club's members played an important role in the foundation of the actors' union, the Screen Actors Guild, the initial idea being floated at the team's annual spring dance
Smith was a leading actor through into the 1940s, making over 100 feature films in all. He was knighted in 1944 for services to Anglo-American relations and died in 1948 aged 85 while about to start work on another picture
Hollywood CC continues to function to this day
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

ECBs asset plan takes political hitPolitical reticence blunts ECB’s asset purchase plan
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0a08022-459c-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Race for Brazils driving seat© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/c79afbca-4565-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

South America faces political hangoverSeptember 25, 2014 6:45 pm
South America’s boom time is over, now for the political hangover
By John-Paul Rathbone in London
End of the boom set to drive change in Brasília, Buenos Aires and Caracas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c95fe24-43d6-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Middle-class swell profits at Aldi© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0a51bc6-4707-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

California takes aim at ride-sharing apps© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a4c7f40-4548-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India rejects  untenable remarks by Sharif on KashmirIndia rejects Pakistan's Kashmir remarks
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014
Chelsea win to stay top as City, United enjoy victories
By Mike Collett LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea beat West Bromwich Albion to stay top of the Premier League on Saturday while champions Manchester City kept the leaders in their sights and Manchester United demonstrated they are not out of the title race yet. Chelsea played some dazzling football to easily beat West Brom 2-0 at Stamford Bridge with goals from Diego Costa and Eden Hazard to stretch their unbeaten start to the season to 18 matches in all competitions. ... …
Late kickoffs a culture shock for new Sociedad boss Moyes
By Tim Hanlon BARCELONA, Nov 21 (Reuters) - New coach David Moyes says it will be something of a culture shock to have his first game in charge of struggling Real Sociedad at 10pm on a Saturday night, at Deportivo La Coruna. The former Manchester United boss replaced Jagoba Arrasate earlier this month and will have to adapt quickly to his fresh surroundings. "Maybe you will all be in bed by that time, I don’t know. It is completely different for me but I wanted to come here to experience …
Giroud faces fight to get back into Arsenal team, says Wenger
LONDON (Reuters) - France international Olivier Giroud faces a fight to get back into the Arsenal team after recovering from a broken leg, manager Arsene Wenger said on the eve of Saturday's mouth-watering Premier League clash with Manchester United. Giroud, who has been out since breaking his leg against Everton on Aug. 23, has made a quicker than expected return to fitness and the striker was praised by his boss when he spoke to reporters at his pre-match briefing on Friday. "The surgery went …
United Nations, Sep 27 (IANS) India has strongly rebutted as "untenable" the remarks on Kashmir by Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in the UN General Assembly.
India exercised its right of reply on the floor of the UNGA to rebut Pakistan's statement.
"I would like to bring to the notice of this august House that the people of Jammu and Kashmir have peacefully chosen their destiny in accordance with the universally accepted democratic principles and practices and they continue to do so. We, therefore, reject in their entirety the untenable comments of the distinguished delegate of Pakistan," Abhishek Singh, first secretary in the Indian mission to the UN said.
Sharif had in his address at the UNGA said that the "core issue" of Jammu and Kashmir has to be resolved and pushed for a plebiscite in the state.
He also blamed India for the calling off of bilateral foreign secretary level talks last month.
Sharif said the "core issue of Jammu and Kashmir has to be resolved. This is the responsibility of the international community... We cannot draw a veil over the issue of Kashmir until it is addressed in accordance with the wishes of the people of Jammu and Kashmir."
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is to address the UNGA at 10.30 a.m.

After BJP-Sena split  NCP-Congress part ways in MaharashtraDays before poll, Maharashtra's two main alliances break up
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
Mumbai: In a day of fast political developments, Maharashtra's two main alliances - the BJP-Shiv Sena and the Congress-NCP - Thursday broke up over differences in seat sharing, setting the stage for multi-cornered contests in the Oct 15 assembly elections.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) called off its 15-year-old alliance with the Congress in the state, hours after the Bharatiya Janata Party snapped off its 25-year-old tie with Shiv Sena. The NCP also quit the Congress-led Democratic Front government, reducing it to a minority in the 288-member assembly and raising the possibility of the state coming under central rule - barely three weeks before the poll.
The BJP has now decided to contest the elections with the support of at least three other smaller parties which were part of the erstwhile 'Grand Alliance'.
"We tried out level best till the very last to save the alliance. However, there was no suitable proposal forthcoming from the Shiv Sena on the issue of seat-share which could honourably accommodate all the partners. Hence we have decided to go our independent ways," BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis told media persons.
Barely an hour later, the NCP also broke its ties with Congress and announced it would contest the elections independently with support from "like-minded secular parties".
"We have decided to chart our independent path along with some secular-minded parties," state NCP president Sunil Tatkare told the media.
The NCP also decided to withdraw from the government.
Since the election code of conduct is already in force, political experts are not clear whether Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will continue as a caretaker or president's rule will be imposed in the state.
The unprecedented development - when both ruling and opposition alliance collapsed within an hour of each other - has thrown upon the possible electoral outcome.
The development is being seen as both the junior alliance partners - the NCP and BJP - deciding to break free from the bigger parties - Congress and Shiv Sena - and attempt to grab power or become powerful on their own strengths.
The same-day, double-divorce came after weeks of bickering over the crucial issue of seat-sharing, and who would get the chief minister's post after the elections.
Top BJP leaders directly accused Sena leadership of being not interested "in anything else except the CM's post" while the Sena hit back by alleging "a secret understanding between BJP and (Sharad Pawar-led) NCP and super-arrogance".
The BJP felt more frustrated as Sena president Uddhav Thackeray left on a day's pilgrimage to Tuljapur Bhavani Temple in Osmanabad district Thursday, even as the deadline for filing nominations loomed large.
On the other side, the NCP had floated a proposal to share the CM's post for 30 months (two-and-half years) with Congress, besides contesting half the 288 seats but both were rejected by Congress.
The Congress had Wednesday midnight made its intentions clear by releasing its first list of 188 candidates and Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan leaving for his constituency Karad in Satara district for poll campaign.
A stunned NCP retaliated by breaking the alliance and quitting the government.
With barely two days left for filing of nominations, the immediate focus will be ensure candidates of all the parties get time and opportunity to file their candidature.
The day's development has thrown up a wide array of independent parties before the state's around 8.50 crore voters.
A majority of the 288 constituencies will see at least four-cornered contests - between the Congress, the NCP, the BJP, and the Sena.
Besides, in many constituencies, the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena may also enter the fray in a big way, hoping to make a killing in view of the emerging sharp divisions of existing vote-banks.
There are several smaller and state-level parties like Republican Party of India-A, the Samajwadi Party, the Bahujan Samaj Party and others with scattered pockets of influence which may.
However, both the "newly-divorced" alliances are keeping options open - the BJP saying that friendship with Sena will continue forever, and the NCP hoping that the next government will also be formed by secular forces - for a post-poll re-marriage.
Recommend

 RBI Policy to Drive Markets in a Holiday-shortened WeekNew Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday would set the tone for the stock market in a holiday-shortened week ahead.
Stock markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra respectively.
Shares of automobile companies will be in focus amid release of sales data for September on Wednesday.
"This week, RBI's monetary policy scheduled on September 30 shall be key trigger for market movement. Also, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US, along with global cues can boost market sentiment, as it may put more light on economic path and other reforms for the country," said Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president, Bonanza Portfolio.
Marketmen said that developments from Prime Minister's US tour will also be closely watched.
"The PM's five-day visit to the US is expected to improve the strategic ties between the two nations and drive US investors' interests towards the Indian markets," said Aman Chowdhury, CEO & founder, Cians Analytics.
Market participants will be looking at the outcome of the apex bank's monetary policy meet on September 30 and HSBC India Manufacturing PMI for September, due on October 1.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex lost 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 12:58 (IST)

Rockstar Modi wows 65 000 youth in Central ParkPrint
New York, Sept 28 (ANS) Who would have thought of Narenda Modi as a rock star? But Saturday evening, the Indian Prime Minister  shared the stage with top music stars like JayZ, Beyonce, Carrie Underwood, Sting and Alicia Keys and himself received rockstar treatment from a crowd of more than 65,000 at New York's landmark Central Park as he talked about down-to-earth subjects like sanitation, health and global peace.
This was a coup for him in image building: He was able to reach out directly to a liberal audience of mostly young people without the filter of a critical media and break the stereotypes made of him. In a major departure from his practice, he spoke to them in English and could connect to them on the festival's theme of fighting poverty and seeking justice, by articulating his ideas on these topics.
This was the biggest audience that an Indian leader has got in the US, adding hundreds of thousands of TV and internet viewers to the more than 65,000 at the park, the soul of New York and its enchanting green lung in a skyscraper-dotted Manhattan.
A visitor from Delhi likened that to US President Barack Obama speaking at a concert in Ramlila Maidan in New Delhi or Lodhi Garden featuring Bollywood stars.
Other leaders who too beamed their messages at the assembled youths included UN Secretrary General Ban Ki-moon, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, World Bank president Jim Yong Kim, Norway Prime Minister Erna Solberg and Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala but they were all dwarfed by Modi's personality and the way he connected with the audience.
From the ramparts of the Red Fort in Delhi on Aug 15, India's Independenc Day, where he first talked about it, Modi took his message of sanitation to Central Park, hailing people gathered there who are part of Global Citizen, an internet-based global network of people fighting poverty and lack of sanitation across the world among other pressing issues.
"How are you doing in New York?" Modi, dressed in an off-white, half-sleeve kurta with a striking cobalt blue jacket - Modi has been changing his dress appropriate to evcry event and occasion  - greeted the crowd in English after the comperes of the show, Global Citizen Festival, announced the arrival of a person who changed the sanitation facilities of the Indian state of Gujarat from one of the worst to one of the best.
"Namaste," he said, adding that he was greeting people who were watching the show on TVs, smartphones, tablets and laptops as well.
"I am truly delighted to be in an open front and not in a closed conference room."
This was his opportunity to reach out to America's mainstream  -  especially the young people and those of the liberal persuasion. He drew repeated applause from the crowd speaking about poverty eradication and the importance of sanitation to healthcare. He seemed to pause and attune his message to the crowd.
Modi said that the work today's youth were doing on problems like sanitation and poverty would have deep impact in the times to come.
"I salute you, I repeat, I salute you," he said as the crowd erupted in applause.
"I am proud of you, your family is proud of you, your friends are proud of you."
"In India, 800 million youth are joining hands to make drinking water and sanitaton available in the hands of everybody," he said.
Modi said the youths in India could see that "you are joining hands" with them.
"God bless. May the force be with you," the Indian prime minister, who is on a five-day official visit to the and delivered his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly Saturday, concluded.
Recommend

Facebook most effective in engaging young people in politics: Study28
0
Melbourne: An increase in social media use leads to more political participation by young people, with Facebook being the most effective channel, a new study has found.
The study surveyed 3,600 young people, aged between 16-29 years, across Australia, the UK and the US, 90 per cent of whom use Facebook as opposed to Twitter use which was on average 50 per cent.
And 65 per cent of the Australian participants in the survey also highlighted that Facebook is where they first hear about news and major events, rather than traditional news outlets such as print and television news programmes.
Many participants believe that 'liking' is an important way of showing support for political issues they and their friends care about.
#facebook #social media #politics
"Our research suggests that we need to take Facebook much more seriously as a space where young people - purposefully or incidentally - engage with politics, with their networks of friends and family," said Associate Professor Ariadne Vromen from the Department of Government and International Relations at the University of Sydney.
"We have found overall that increasing use of social media leads to more political participation by young people; especially for those young people that have an issue-based approach to why political participation matters, rather than a traditional orientation that only focuses on formal, electoral politics," said Vromen, who is a lead researcher in the two-year project called The Civic Network.
Many participants believe that 'liking' is an important way of showing support for political issues they and their friends care about, and are more likely to do this action than commenting on or sharing the posts.
One of the main reasons they are reluctant to comment is that they don't want to cause conflict between their family and friends on this platform, and some said they thought that political conversations were better done face-to-face.
Vromen said that this should be a two-way street, with politicians engaging through these platforms to connect with a younger audience too.
"Most of the young people we questioned said they think politicians should use social media more, they think politicians should be asked questions publicly more often to show they are responsive to people's views," said Vromen.
34

 Top 5 Blue-chip Firms Lose Over Rs. 45 887 Cr in M-CapThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Amid weakening stocks, the combined market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS's value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC's value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex fell by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 11:37 (IST)

 FIIs Pump in Over Rs. 20 000 Crore in SeptemberYou are here: Home Market
Foreign Investors Pump in Over Rs 20,000 Crore in September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 28, 2014 14:14 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Overseas investors have poured in a whopping over Rs 20,000 crore in the Indian capital markets since the beginning of this month as influenced by the reform agenda of the new government.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 5,117 crore ($848 million) from September 1 to 26, while they infused a net amount of Rs 15,308 crore ($2.5 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 20,425 crore ($3.4 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government, including opening up the retail sector to foreign players, deregulation of diesel prices and a gas pricing formula and speedy auctions for de-allocated coal mines among others.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of over Rs 2 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of over Rs 83,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.2 lakh crore into debt market.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.92 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:12 (IST)

Hong Kong news headlinesThis is FirstFT, the FT’s new email briefing written by Amie Tsang in Hong Kong which is replacing the Lunch Wrap and the...
November 18, 2014
The introduction of taxes on expensive homes in Hong Kong and Singapore, and the prospect of similar levies in London, have...
November 18, 2014
China has intensified a crackdown on supporters of Hong Kong pro-democracy demonstrations by charging an activist with...
November 18, 2014
Hong Kong authorities cleared a small pro-democracy protest site on Tuesday, in a fresh push to end demonstrations that have...
November 17, 2014
It took slightly more than 10 minutes for international investors to plough more than $1bn into the Shanghai equity market...
November 17, 2014
An equity trading scheme linking the Hong Kong and Shanghai exchanges had a lopsided start on Monday, with mainland...
November 16, 2014
China has taken another big step towards liberalising markets with plans to give individual Chinese investors greater...
November 16, 2014
For completing in just seven months perhaps the most complex projects undertaken in financial markets since the launch of...
November 16, 2014
For all the hyperbole surrounding the launch on Monday of Stock Connect there is a distinct sense that China is keen to...
November 16, 2014
China is set to use the Shanghai free-trade zone as a testing ground to grant Chinese people greater freedom to make...
November 16, 2014
China is one of the world’s largest economies and its equity market, combining listings in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong,...
November 16, 2014
Magnus Spence (pictured) has resigned as chief executive of Dalton Strategic Partnership, the $2bn asset management boutique...
November 14, 2014
Central Rand Gold was the week’s top performer after a potential takeover offer arrived from left field, sending the stock...
November 14, 2014
I had hoped to visit the farm that produces the excellent chickens that we serve at our restaurant here in Hong Kong. On...
November 14, 2014
China Resources Enterprise, Tesco’s joint venture partner in China, has swung into the red – and warned of further losses as...
FT Photo Diary

PM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden:  PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visaPM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden: 'PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
 

Hong Kong protests enter new stageHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Video: Police use tear gas at Hong Kong protestShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hong Kong protest #1: Police fire tear gas at crowd
Sep 28, 2014 : Police fired tear gas canisters at students and pro-democracy campaigners camped out near the Hong Kong government offices on Sunday. The FT's Demetri Sevastopulo reports from inside the protest barricades.

North Korean Leader Reportedly Suffering From  DiscomfortNorth Korean Leader Kim Jong Un Is Suffering From 'Discomfort,' State Media Reports
Reuters  | By                                                                James Pearson
reddit
SEOUL, Sept 26 (Reuters) - Young North Korean leader Kim  Jong Un is suffering from "discomfort," state media has said in  the first official acknowledgement of ill health after a  prolonged period out of the public eye.
Kim, 31, who is frequently the centerpiece of the isolated  country's propaganda, has not been photographed by state media  since appearing at a concert alongside his wife on Sept. 3,  fueling speculation he is suffering from bad health.
He had been seen walking with a limp since an event with key  officials in July and in a pre-recorded documentary broadcast by  state media on Thursday appeared to have difficulty walking.
"The wealth and prosperity of our socialism is thanks to the  painstaking efforts of our marshal, who keeps lighting the path  for the people, like the flicker of a flame, despite suffering  discomfort," a voice over for the hour-long documentary said.
The documentary was followed by a pre-recorded broadcast of  a North Korean Supreme People's Assembly meeting from which Kim  Jong Un was notably absent.
Kim has rapidly gained weight since coming to power after  his father died of a heart attack in 2011, photos released by  state media show.
North Korea observers speculate Kim's weight and family  background may have contributed to his condition.
"Based on his gait, it appears he has gout - something (due  to) diet and genetic predisposition that has affected other  members of the Kim family," said Michael Madden, an expert on  the North Korean leadership and contributor to the 38 North  website.     (Additional reporting by Seungmyung Roh; Editing by Nick  Macfie)
More:

Yacht Club Worker Rescues Dying Bald EagleWhile opening up a fuel dock at the Maryland Yacht Club in Pasadena a maintenance worker discovered a 5-year-old bald eagle fighting for its life.
Ernie Jenkins told local media he saw the exhausted bird flapping around in the water near the club, where Maryland's Rock Creek empties into the Chesapeake Bay . Using a net, Jenkins was able to lift the bird out of the water to safety.
"I didn't want to watch him drown," Jenkins told local paper The Capital Gazette. "If I didn't get him out, he would have died and that was it."
Tests showed the eagle was suffering from a respiratory illness and lead poisoning, which can lead to brain damage. A rescue team has the bird under surveillance while it is being treated.
“He might of [sic] got a rabbit that had pellets in him, or a fishing weight off of someone’s fishing line,” Jenkins told CBS Baltimore of the possible cause of the lead poisoning.
"[The eagle's] condition at this point is poor and our prognosis is that we're hopeful, but also trying to be realistic in that we don't know if he's going to make it," Lisa Smith, executive director of the rescue center helping the eagle recover, told the Gazette.
Previously on the threatened and endangered species list, the bald eagle is now a common sight throughout Maryland, especially near the Chesapeake Bay. The Maryland Department of Natural Resources estimates that more than 500 pairs of bald eagles nest in the state each year.
Jenkins is optimistic that the injured bird could soon rejoin the state's wild eagle population.
“If he turns for the worst at least I tried. I gotta try you know, but I would love to see him back. I would love to see him back,” Jenkins told CBS Baltimore.
More:

This Is What Education Under ISIS Will Look Likereddit
For the residents of Raqqa, life has drastically changed since militants of the Islamic State (IS) group turned the Syrian city into their headquarters. Syria Deeply reports that since the town fell under IS rule, women are forced to wear black and cover their faces. Cigarettes and alcohol are forbidden. Public floggings and executions are now common.
The new rules extend to the city's schools, as Islamic State leaders have reportedly set out a new curriculum. In a video for the Wall Street Journal , Reem Makhoul explains the details of the new rules. Makhoul notes that classes such as music, social studies, arts, sports and philosophy are cut. Male teachers, staff and students are separated from their female colleagues. Female students and professors are obligated to wear a niqab, a full face veil. All references to "Syria" and its president, Bashar Assad, are banned.
According to the Associated Press, IS introduced similar changes in the city of Mosul , the group's stronghold in Iraq.
The new Mosul curriculum was reportedly personally issued by Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and information about the changes was posted in bulletins throughout the city. The new rules include bans on pictures that go against the militants' radical interpretation of Islam and songs that encourage national pride.
Watch Reem Makhoul's video above to learn more about education under the Islamic State.
More:

Here s What We Know About How The Islamic State Is Runreddit
As the Islamic State has risen to power and prominence in recent months, hundreds of reports have emerged about the group, often portraying it as a large, somewhat amorphous band of extremists. While the Islamic State is indeed vast, it's also complex, and made up of a tightly networked, experienced group of men.
These men manage the structures that keep the Islamic State running, overseeing hundreds of towns, thousands of fighters and millions of dollars in finances. To better understand what dismantling the Islamic State's network might look like, it's important to look at what we know about how it actually works.
The Leader
At the head of the Islamic State is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Reportedly born Awwad Ibrahim Ali al-Badri al-Samarrai in the northern Iraqi town of Samarra in 1971, Baghdadi grew up a Sunni in a devout family. As The New York Times reports , Baghdadi obtained a Ph.D. in Islamic Studies from the Islamic University of Baghdad and began a career as a preacher.
Baghdadi's first appearance on international radars was likely after the 2003 invasion of Iraq, when reports say he was detained in Camp Bucca by U.S. forces. The precise timing and nature of his arrest is unknown, but it is usually dated somewhere between 2004 and 2005, with a release in 2009.
Following his internment, Baghdadi rose through the ranks of Al Qaeda in Iraq (AQI), becoming its leader in 2010 in the wake of U.S. strikes that wiped out the former chiefs. Baghdadi's elevated status also landed him on the U.S. State Department's terror list , with a $10 million bounty on his head.
AQI went through a series of important changes under Baghdadi , joining the battlefield in Syria's civil war, breaking away from al-Qaeda to become "ISIS" and eventually declaring it had restored a period of historic Islamic rule known as a caliphate and re-naming itself the Islamic State.
Now calling himself Caliph Ibrahim, Baghdadi is the self-styled religious and political ruler of the territory his group seized. A reclusive leader, his last public appearance was a lengthy sermon in July in which he urged his followers to fight "the enemies of God."
His beliefs and image are part of what analysts see as a distorted version of a fundamentalist 18th century form of Islam known as Wahabbism, texts of which are circulated in areas under Islamic State control.
The Deputies
Aiding Baghdadi's rule are two deputies: Abu Muslim al-Turkmani, who manages Iraqi operations, and Abu Ali al-Anbari, who manages Syrian operations. Reportedly , both are veteran military men and were generals under Saddam's regime.
According to the Terrorism Research and Analysis Center , these deputies act as top administrators over their relative territories -- speaking with local governors, coordinating with councils and overseeing the many different bits of bureaucracy the Islamic State has set up. These deputies are ostensibly the second in command, and one likely would succeed Baghdadi were he to die.
The Cabinets and The Councils
In addition to the deputies, other important bodies help run the Islamic State, though there's very little information available about their central leaders. Those include a leadership cabinet that advises al-Baghdadi on matters of state, and a Shura council that advises him on matters of religious law -- which the Islamic State considers the only law.
The Shura council is especially prominent, and a TRAC director recently told CNN it's thought the council reviewed the Islamic State's decision to behead Western journalist hostages.
The Governors And Middle Management
The Islamic State is allegedly split up into seven vilayets , or provinces, with a local governor at the head of each. These governors work with local leaders who also report to the deputies to carry out different initiatives and laws, from fixing potholes to cutting off people's hands.
It's at this local level that the bizarre and often horrific reality of Islamic State rule becomes most evident. Along with a large number of councils in charge of the group's finances, media strategy and military actions, the mid-level governance of the Islamic State involves keeping a semi-functioning civil society while still imposing harsh and brutal laws on its population.
It may seem strange that a group that has crucified people for apostasy also runs a post office and gives out traffic tickets , but keeping services intact is a key way group maintains control over its seized cities.
Available information on life under the Islamic State in these towns is based on intelligence gathered by analysts and taken from secretive sources within the cities. Since news on what happens inside ISIS territory is so hard to come by, there is an unavoidable degree of uncertainty in these accounts.
A video secretly taken by a women inside the city of Raqqa, Syria, regarded as the capital of the Islamic State.
In spite of these different structures and bureaucratic measures, the Islamic State is still not a legitimate state. It has no international recognition, its thousands of foreign fighters mean it has dubious claims on a permanent population, and its territory has been subject to rapid change.
Yet what this structure does show is that the Islamic State seems intent on playing the long game of keeping -- and governing -- the territory it controls. It may not be a real state, but in this regard, it has taken a lot of steps to act like one.

You Can Visit The National Parks For Free This WeekendPrevious Story
Next Story
You Can Visit The National Parks For Free This Weekend In Honor Of National Public Lands Day
In honor of National Public Lands Day , on Saturday, Sept. 27, nearly every National Parks site in the U.S. will offer free admission to the public.
One-third of the country's land is publicly owned. President Barack Obama in a Friday proclamation for NPLD called for Americans to "rededicate ourselves to the important work of preserving and protecting our land and environment in our own time."
Nationwide, roughly 2,200 sites will host NPLD projects or events that include nature, recreation and clean-up efforts.
Though the National Parks Service offers free admission on several days throughout the year, the annual NPLD is the nation’s "largest single-day volunteer effort for public lands," according to The National Parks Conservation Association. Last year, volunteers supported the National Parks Service's various restoration, conservation and enhancement efforts by doing everything from scrubbing graffiti from rock faces to weeding invasive plants.
Volunteers who pitch in on NPLD can also get a voucher to visit any National Parks site for free during the next year. Below are just 14 stunning sites you can visit, chosen from among the nation's roughly 401 areas covered by the National Parks system.
Rocky Mountain National Park - Estes, Colorado
Helen H. Richardson/ The Denver Post
Bryce Canyon National Park - Bryce Canyon, Utah
Sean Gallup via Getty Images
Death Valley National Park - California
De Agostini Picture Library via Getty Images
Coconino National Forest - Arizona
DEA / L. ROMANO via Getty Images
Denali National Park - Alaska
Lance King via Getty Images
Redwood National Park - California
DEA / G.SIOEN via Getty Images
Everglades National Park - Florida
DEA / G. CAPPELLI via Getty Images
Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore - Beverly Shores, Indiana
Chicago Tribune via Getty Images
Acadia National Park - Maine
Grand Teton National Park - Wyoming
KAREN BLEIER via Getty Images
Crater Lake National Park - Oregon
AP Photo/Greg Funderburke/National Park Service
Great Smoky Mountains National Park - Gatlinburg, Tennessee
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Mormon Pioneer National Historic Trail - Illinois
MIKE NELSON via Getty Images
Yosemite National Park -  Yosemite Village, California
MLADEN ANTONOV via Getty Images
More:

Islamic State militant in Syria beheading videos identifiedPrint
WASHINGTON: A masked Islamic State militant seen wielding a knife in videos at the beheading of two Americans has been identified, FBI Director James Comey said on Thursday, but he declined to give the person's name or nationality.
The videos released in August and September of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff showed a masked Islamic State militant brandishing a knife and speaking English with a British accent.
A European government source familiar with the investigation said that the accent indicated that the man was from London and likely from a community of Asian immigrants. U.S. and European officials said the principal investigative work identifying the man was conducted by British government agencies.
"I believe that we have identified," Comey told a small group of reporters. "I'm not going to tell you who I believe it is."
Actual beheadings were not shown on the Foley and Sotloff videos. The videos imply that the masked militant was the person who carried out the killings. But the videos did not show him actually drawing blood from the victims but faded to black after he finished his speeches and then cut to pictures of the beheaded bodies.
Investigators said that because of the way the videos were edited, it is possible that someone other than the British-accented man carried out the murders.
A third video purporting to depict the murder of David Haines, a British aid worker, surfaced later and Islamic State militants also have threatened to kill a second British aid worker, Alan Henning.
John Cantlie, a British journalist held by the group, has appeared in two Islamic State videos criticizing U.S. airstrikes against the group and suggesting that the United States had become engaged in "Gulf War III."
The British ambassador to the United States, Sir Peter Westmacott, told CNN shortly after Foley's killing in August that Britain was working on identifying the suspect using voice-recognition technology. Westmacott said then that law enforcement was close to identifying the man.
British authorities had sought to keep a lid on news coverage of their investigation, hoping that might make it easier for authorities to capture militants implicated in the beheadings. Prime Minister David Cameron is scheduled to address the British parliament on Friday about his country's involvement in the fight against Islamic State.
FBI Director Comey told reporters about a dozen Americans were known to be fighting with militants in Syria, and some had already returned to the United States. Earlier, U.S. officials had said about 100 Americans had joined up.
(Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Grant McCool)
Recommend

Tamil Nadu: FIR filed against Karunanidhi  Stalin on complaints by AIADMK workers over clash29
2
Chennai: An FIR has been fired against DMK chief M Karunanidhi and his son MK Stalin following violence outside Karunanidhi's house on Saturday.
Three FIRs were filed at the Royapettah Police Station against the two and several others here last night based on complaint by some AIADMK workers who alleged that a group of DMK workers attacked them with 'deadly weapons' near Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence here, police said.
The FIRs were filed under IPC sections 147 (Punishment for Rioting), 148 (Rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 324 (Voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means), 336 (Act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 506/2 (Punishment for criminal intimidation), they said.
#clash #jayalalithaa #dmk #aiadmk
Meanwhile, a government bus was burnt in Kariapatti in Virudhunagar district. No injury was reported.
Minor clashes were reported between AIADMK and DMK cadres after the Jayalalithaa's conviction in that disproportionate assets case.
Stone-pelting and torching of public property, attacks on mediapersons and forceful closure of shops occurred across Tamil Nadu on Saturday as mobs reacted to the sentencing of Chief Minister Jayalalithaa to four years imprisonment by a special court in Bangalore in a graft case.
Protesters went on the rampage in many parts of the state damaging shops.
In Madurai, the stronghold of DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi's son MK Alagiri, AIADMK activists allegedly ransacked vehicles parked on the road, pelted stones and smashed window panes of several vehicles to vent their anger. AIADMK wirkers blocked traffic as well.
Police said that in Coimbatore, the DMK office was ransacked by protestors who also burnt the pictures of Karunanidhi and Anbazhagan. All the shops remained closed while stone pelting incidents were reported. Similar incidents have been reported in Udhagamandalam, Tiruppur, Palladam and other areas.
DMDK Chief and Opposition Leader Vijayakanth met the Governor to complain about the violence that tore Tamil Nadu on Saturday after Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was was convicted and sentenced in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case.
"I have met the governor and told him that the law and order situation in the state has deteriorated. He has promised to take action," Vijayakanth said.
DMK spokesperson TKS Elangovan asserted that their party did not want to make the case or the verdict a political issue. Elangovan said that the decision of the court was fair and the subsequent violence was unnecessary.
"This government has failed in all aspects - in economic development, electricity, law and order, protecting farmers," said Elangovan adding that the violence by AIADMK supporters was directly largely against the judgement.
"They are angry at the judge. They have failed to understand that so much corruption has occurred. They have slammed innocent people. Our worry was that the police would be silent spectators to all these events," said Elangovan.
A Bangalore court on Saturday sentenced Jayalalithaa to four years in jail and also slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore on her.
Jayalalithaa's close associate N Sasikala, her relatives VN Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
168

BSE targeting 10-times faster trades within 3 yrsAshish Chauhan
(Already, the exchange has…)
NEW YORK: Having begun with a humble background of functioning under banyan trees, India's leading bourse BSE is now eyeing a slot among the world's most technologically advanced exchanges and is targeting ten-times faster trades on its platform within three years.
Already, the exchange has made significant changes in its technology and has attained a response time of 200 micro- seconds for trades executed on its platform, BSE CEO Ashish Chauhan said.
The aim is to bring the response time further down to 20 micro-seconds within the next three years, Chauhan said.
Chauhan is here to participate in a number of business meetings planned in the wake of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's five-day visit to the US from September 26-30.
"Today 200 micro-seconds of response time puts us in top 5-10 per cent of the exchanges of the world in terms of the ability to give he response time. It is not only about the speed but also about scalability that is the ability to take order, he said.
"Today we are able to handle 500,000 orders in a second at the response time of 200 micro seconds. If you are able to take large orders, your response time should not suffer," he said, while adding that proper safeguards are also in place to guard against any risks attached with high-speed trading.
Chauhan said: "We have also implemented a framework that ensures that this is lowest cost, but highest in terms of technology. We have used open source software. We have utilised the technology prowess of India to ensure that we are able to get more from the same hardware.
"We also implemented in April 2014 the new technology we had acquired from Deutsche Boerse and in 5-6 months that it has been in practice our number of orders per day has gone up already three times. Earlier it was 12-15 crore orders on best of the days, and today we are recording 40-45 crore orders a day on a regular basis."
BSE has come a long way in the last 6 months, but it still has a long way to go, he added.
"We must strive, like our regulators, to be at the forefront. At the same time, the potential risks are taken care of. We have put in a system to calculate the value at risk for all our investors on a real time basis, Chauhan said.
"There are more than 2.6 crore investors registered on BSE and anytime they trade our computers calculate the portfolio and the value at risk on a one-day basis, that is how much money they can potentially lose, and that is converted into margin call and only if there is enough margin, the investor and the broker would be allowed to do that trade," he added.
The BSE chief said that Indian capital market was among the most sophisticated ones when it comes to transaction processing.
"After we became automated in 1994-1995, we (India) were at the forefront but then somehow we lost out to some other markets . We are again back in the reckoning with the BSE implementing this new technology.
"Today we are at 200 micro-seconds and within three years time, we should be in the 20 micro-seconds range.
That would put us in top one per cent of the exchanges across the world when it comes to speed and the scalability," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Four NDFB(S) militants killed in encounterPress Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 28, 2014 5:35 pm
Four hardcore NDFB(S) militants were killed in an encounter by security forces in Assam’s Kokrajhar district on Sunday.
Huge amount of arms and ammunition were also recovered.
Acting on a tip-off, troops of Red Horn Division and the police launched a joint operation in a dense forest near Kokrajhar and killed the four militants during an encounter this morning, a defence spokesman said.
The forces recovered an AK-56, three pistols and hand grenades from the slain terrorists.
The slain militants include a self-styled second in command of the outfit, Muhar Basumatary.
Assam Police Inspector General (BTAD) L R Bishnoi said the other ultras were identified as Domsatorong, Loharun and Maisaran.
Security forces stepped up patrolling in the remote areas of Kokrajhar and Chirang districts in the wake of ‘NDFB(S) Raising Day’ of National Democratic Front of Bodoland on October 3 next.
According to Army Intelligence, NDFB(S) was trying to carry out a major strike on forces and also target minority communities in retaliation to the apprehension of their five hardcore terrorists in Chirang district on August 20.
Security forces had apprehended five terrorists of a newly-formed Nepalese terrorist organisation, United Gorkha Peoples Organization, in Parbatjhora area of Kokrajhar district on September 13.
The Army spokesman claimed the NDFB(S) had outsourced the outfit to carry out operations in Kokrajhar district because of proactive operations and pressure exerted by the security forces.
The forces recovered an AK-56, three pistols and hand grenades from the slain terrorists.

At Least 31 Believed Dead at Japanese VolcanoAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Panneerselvam to be Tamil Nadu CM after Jayalalithaa forced to resign following case verdictE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pro-Modi supporters beat up TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai outside MSGNarendra Modi fans beat up TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai at Madison Square Garden event
PTI | New York | Updated:  Oct 01 2014, 08:48  IST
Oct 01 2014, 08:48  IST
 

Full spech: Amidst cheers  PM Narendra Modi addresses Madison Square groundmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Centre should consider a new policy backing startupsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s journey to Mars was cheaper than auto ride: Modi at madison Square29
0
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday used the metaphor of cost of travel by auto in Ahmedabad to the expenditure incurred in the landmark Mars Orbiter Mission which India accomplished in the very first attempt.
"A one-km auto rickshaw ride in Ahmedabad takes Rs 10 and India reached Mars at Rs 10 per km which is really amazing," the Prime Minister said while talking about India's talent pool and potential to become one of the top most countries in the world.
The Prime Minister said a cost of Rs 7 was incurred per kilometre in covering the 650 million km distance to Mars by the unmanned spacecraft. "Everything about Mangalyaan is indigenous. We reached Mars at a smaller budget than a Hollywood movie," he said adding "India is the only country to reach Mars on its first attempt.
The Prime Minister said a cost of Rs 7 was incurred per kilometre in covering the 650 million km distance to Mars by the unmanned spacecraft.
#mangalyaan #narendra modi #mars #modi meets america
If this is not talent, then what is?" India had on September 24 created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
At just USD 74 million, the mission costed less than the estimated 100 million USD budget of the sci-fi blockbuster "Gravity". India's MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission, costing a tenth of NASA's Mars mission Maven that entered the Martian orbit on September 22.
With the success of "Mangalyaan", India became the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts. Modi had witnessed the operation along with the space scientists in ISRO headquarter in Bangalore.

Entire world comes to US  but Indians live in entire world: PM at Madison Square22
0
New York: Drawing comparisons between the world's largest democracy India and the oldest democracy US, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said people from entire world come to live in India, but Indians reside across the world.
Addressing thousands of NRIs at the Madison Square Garden, Modi invited them to come to India and set up businesses as part of his newly launched 'Make in India' campaign.
He said India was no longer a country of snake charmers. "Our ancestors used to play with snakes, but today our youth plays with mouse (of computer)," he said while recalling a conversation he had once with a foreigner.
Addressing thousands of NRIs at the Madison Square Garden, Modi invited them to come to India and set up businesses as part of his newly launched 'Make in India' campaign.
#modi meets america #modi nris #narendra modi #narendra modi in us
"The US is world's oldest democracy and India is world's biggest democracy. People from entire world come to live in the US but it is people from India who reside in across the world," he said.
Modi lauded the role played by NRIs in taking ahead India's place in front of the US and the entire world. He also called for their support in campaigns like Clean India and Clean Ganga, saying that cleaning of Ganga also was part of his economic agenda as economic conditions of nearly 40 per cent of Indian population could be linked to the river.
11

Microsoft eyes big opportunity in smart city planE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Politics are often the most unpredictable elementPolitics are often the most unpredictable element
By Alistair Gray
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e3ad573e-4319-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A day of frugal meals and visits by party faithfulUpdated: September 29, 2014 02:43 IST
A day of frugal meals and visits by party faithful
Sruthisagar YamunanImran Gowhar
The Hindu The road leading to the Parappana Agrahara Central Prison in Bangalore. Photo: K. Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
celebrity
For AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, who is known to be an early riser, Sunday at the Parappana Agrahara prison was no different.
For AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, who is known to be an early riser, Sunday at the Parappana Agrahara prison was no different.
Her first full day in jail began as early as 5.30 am. Prison officials told The Hindu that the three-time Chief Minister asked the authorities for five newspapers — three Tamil and two English.
This was followed by her request to take a walk on the premises, which was allowed.
Sources said she refused prison breakfast. Idlis and vadas were brought from outside for her. This is allowed at the discretion of the jail superintendent under the prison manual, sources said.
Hectic activity began at around this time, when O. Panneerselvam, who was later elected leader of the AIADMK legislative party, visited Ms. Jayalalithaa along with several other leaders — Natham R. Vishwanathan, R. Vaithilingam, Edappadi K. Palaniswami and Senthil Balaji. Many of them had stayed put at the prison complex till midnight on Saturday after she was jailed in the disproportionate assets case.
Sources said issues relating to the new government formation were discussed during the meeting. As also was the future course of legal action in her case though it was not clear if all the leaders got to meet her.
A prison official said the party leaders brought a special chair for Ms. Jayalalithaa but it was seized by the authorities.
All through the day, AIADMK workers, even from as far as Kanyakumari and Tirunelveli, visited the prison complex area. Women in particular wailed and raised slogans against DMK president M. Karunanidhi. The police chased away a crowd that began to build up.
Meanwhile, a van with a Tamil Nadu registration number that was given access into the restricted area created a flutter.
Drama unfolded when Adviser to the Tamil Nadu government, Sheela Balakrishnan, made her way into the complex at around 11 a.m. While she was inside for over five hours, police officials confirmed that she was not allowed to meet Ms. Jayalalithaa as no prior permission had been taken.
Ms. Jayalalithaa took another stroll in the evening. But before that, she chatted calmly with curious inmates who were trying to interact with her since morning.
Interestingly, the AIADMK leader was given three options to choose between for prison work — incense stick rolling, tailoring and vegetable cutting. However, since she was sentenced for simple imprisonment, the work is optional.
Ms. Jayalalithaa ended her day with a simple dinner of bread, milk and apples.
T.A Narasimhan reports from Chennai:
Party sources said Ms. Jayalalithaa had an almost sleepless night.
They said Ms. Jayalalithaa was allowed to use a blanket brought from Chennai, but she was awake almost all through the night. She asked for some books.

Singing for change in ChhattisgarhDORNAPAL (SUKMA), September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 02:34 IST
Singing for change in Chhattisgarh
Pavan Dahat
THE HINDU Members of the Police Natya Chetana Manch performing on a school premises near Dornapal in Sukma. PHOTO: PAVAN DAHAT
TOPICS
social issues (general)
The police are using dance, drama to wean tribals away from Maoists
Abjuring the usual hard line to combat leftwing extremism, the Chhattisgarh police have resorted to dance-drama to campaign against Maoist activities and earn the local tribals’ support.
Police Natya Chetana Manch (PNCM), comprising 23 police personnel from Sukma district, has for the last month been giving performances, set to the tunes of songs in the local Gondi, urging the tribal people to “stop supporting the Maoists and come over to the government’s side.”
Among the PNCM’s personnel are erstwhile members of the Communist Party of India (Maoist) who worked for its propaganda wing, the Natya Chetana Manch.
“We are singing and dancing at the market places in a few towns and villages of Sukma. The aim is to create awareness among tribals over the futility of Maoist violence,” says Rajkumar Kara, head of the PNCM group in Dornapal area.
“Maoists are exploiting Bastar tribals for political gains and not allowing them to benefit from development carried out by the government. Through the PNCM, we are making an effort to bring them on to our [the government’s] side,” claims Bhima, another member of the group, who lost four fingers manufacturing a bomb for the Maoists a few years ago.
Bhima’s colleague Malkam Kalla says: “We want to convey to the tribals that Maoist violence is doing no good to them and how they are being ruled by a handful of ‘Mirchi Seths’ [rich people] from Andhra.”
According to Dornapal Sub-Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) Sanjay Dhruv, the PNCM propaganda has had a “visible effect.” “More than 25 Maoists have surrendered after the launch of PNCM in Sukma,” the SDPO claimed.
“Police is the most visible face of the administration in Bastar. We [the police] have been reaching out to the most interior parts where no other arm of the administration has been able to reach. [So far, the administration has been unable to counter] the Maoists’ propaganda. But now, the PNCM is bridging that gap,” said Sukma district Additional Superintendent of Police Santosh Singh, speaking to The Hindu and added that the initiative for the PNCM came from “higher authorities” of Chhattisgarh police.

Jeff Bezos: Amazon unfazed by Alibaba; team India fab | Full InterviewAlibaba
(Amazon’s main rivals…)
BANGALORE: India has surpassed the highest expectations for Amazon, the company's founder and CEO Jeff Bezos said, promising to keep the money tap open for a business that he announced has sold goods worth more than $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in just over a year of operations.
"We had very high expectations and this team has blown past our highest expectations... It's going extraordinarily well," said Bezos, 50, who is making his second visit to India and his first after Amazon launched its India retail business in June 2013. "The results are very good. Now that's why we are doubling down our investments... If there is an opportunity to invest more, we will. We are not capital-constrained, we are ideas-constrained," he told ET in an interview.
In July, Bezos committed to invest $2 billion in India, just a day after India's biggest online retailer Flipkart announced $1 billion in funding, setting the stage for a battle for top honours in a market that retail advisory Technopak expects to be worth $32 billion (Rs 1.9 lakh crore) by 2020.
With an estimated net worth of $30 billion, Bezos is one of the world's richest men and India is crucial to his plans for Amazon, given the country's size and potential, and especially since it has failed to make much headway in China.
Unfazed by Alibaba
His company launched relatively late in this country. Amazon's share price has fallen by around 20% on the Nasdaq this year, and China's Alibaba is flush with cash after its IPO and ready to challenge Bezos around the world, including India. But Bezos, who swears by the credo of long-term thinking, is unfazed.
"Judging just based on results, I would say we have come exactly at the right time," Bezos said in response to a question about whether he has left India until too late, and let out a full-throated guffaw, one of several that punctuated the 40-minute interview.
Amazon's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal , the Delhi-based company that counts eBay , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors. Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. Alibaba, too, is keen on India, and the Chinese company has the money, experience and ambition to succeed here.
Does Alibaba's $25-billion IPO earlier this month put Bezos under added pressure? "If so, I haven't felt it," he said, bellowing once again with laughter and reiterating his focus on good business results over the long term.
Asked what was his message for Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal of Flipkart (both former employees of Amazon India) especially after it appeared to have tauntingly welcomed him with giant billboards across Bangalore, including one outside the Sheraton hotel where he is staying, announcing its upcoming 'Big Billion Day' sale, Bezos refused to be drawn to speak about competition.
"I have this long-standing practice about not talking about other companies. We have a somewhat unusual or rather unique approach of mostly ignoring our competitors," he said.
With revenue of nearly $75 billion in 2013 and a market value of $150 billion, Amazon is best-known as an online retailer. But it also runs a fastgrowing cloud computing business called Amazon Web Services and makes Kindle tablets and Fire smartphones. Bezos, in his personal capacity, bought The Washington Post newspaper last year. In India, Amazon started its technology operation first and employs a total of about 12,000 staff at offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai and Delhi.
Dressed casually in beige trousers and a light blue shirt, Bezos was unstinting in his praise for country head Amit Agarwal, whose team has made sure that India is the fastest country to reach $1 billion in gross sales for Amazon. "He is going to blush because I am going to say so many good things," Bezos at the start of the interview said about his former technical advisor at Seattle headquarters.
Some of the innovations by the India operation are being exported to the rest of the world, Bezos said, pointing to its 'Easy Ship' service of delivering goods for sellers who don't stock their products with Amazon.
"I am super excited," he said. Traditionally, Amazon has grown organically but it is open to acquisitions in India, Bezos said, as he spoke of the Indian operation along with AWS, Kindle and fashion as the company's new frontiers. "Mostly we grow organically and that's true in India. But if there are opportunities to do acquisitions, we'll always consider."
Asked whether India's marketplace-based e-retailing model was a bother - Amazon operates an inventory-based model at home - Bezos said his company had no issues whatsoever, dispelling a perception that the Indian system was an irritant and he would lobby with the government during this visit to change it. "Our marketplace model is working phenomenally well... I always tell my team that whatever the rules are, we are the ones who would have to adapt to the local rules," he said.
Some five years ago, Bezos made a quiet two-week visit to India, allocating the first half of his trip for business and rest for leisure. The father of four took his nine-year-old son to the main tourist attractions, including the Taj Mahal in Agra and Varanasi, a city now represented in the Lok Sabha by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
"I find India and the people not just energetic but personally energising," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why #BringBackOurGirls Doesn t Tell The Whole Storyreddit
Every week, we bring you one overlooked aspect of the events that made news in recent days. You noticed the media forgot all about another story's basic facts? Tweet @TheWorldPost or let us know on our Facebook page .
Local police in Nigeria announced Thursday that one of the more than 200 girls kidnapped by the militant group Boko Haram in April had been released this week. Her return was some of the first hopeful news in more than five months.
The #BringBackOurGirls campaign has drawn global attention to the Chibok students' plight. But its focus on the fate of the missing girls has also obscured the brutal truth that Boko Haram does not target only girls and young women but boys and young men as well.
Boko Haram has attacked a wide variety of targets as part of a violent push to establish an Islamic state in the north of Nigeria. Thousands of Nigerian civilians and members of security forces have lost their lives in assaults aimed at military headquarters, bus depots and markets, among other places.
Children have been particularly affected by the violence: Boko Haram has heavily targeted secular schools in an attempt to prevent students from receiving non-religious education -- sometimes killing them. The militant group also forcibly enlists children, especially boys.
Dozens of male students have been murdered in attacks on their schools in the past year. In September 2013, nearly 50 students were killed when Boko Haram gunmen opened fire in the dormitories of the College of Agriculture in northeastern Yobe state. "They attacked our students while they were sleeping in their hostels. They opened fire at them," Molima Idi Mato from the college told the Associated Press in the wake of the attack. He added that the assailants had entered the four male dorms but left the female sleeping quarters untouched.
Several months later, on Feb. 25, 2014, fighters launched an overnight attack against the government college of Buni Yadi, also in Yobe state. Survivors of the assault told investigators from the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict , a network of international nongovernmental organizations, that the militants ordered the girls at the college's hostel to go home, marry and never return to school. Between 29 and 59 boys in the dormitory were brutally killed.
A 13-year-old boy who survived the killing spree later told the investigators:
We were sleeping in the hostel. We heard the gunshots. I woke up from sleeping. ... Ten boys were in the room. ... I went out of the room. ... I was running. ... I was feeling afraid. ... I had gotten out  of the room and I was shot at in the leg. ... The person pointed a gun at me. ... I fell down. ... I was hit with two bullets on my left foot. ... I pretend[ed] like I died ... because if I didn’t pretend, they would shoot me again. ... It felt like 30 minutes.
Just like the girls in the Chibok school, Boko Haram has also targeted boys in mass abductions . The militants are believed to force the children to fight or do chores in the camps.
On Aug. 11, Boko Haram fighters kidnapped nearly 100 boys and men in a remote fishing village near Lake Chad. "They left no men or boys in the place -- only young children, girls and women," survivor Halima Adamu told Reuters. Most of the hostages were later freed by the Chadian army.
According to Watchlist, Boko Haram has forced children to burn down schools and churches, to transport weapons and sometimes to carry out armed violence. Janine Morna , author of a Watchlist report for the United Nations on children and the conflict in Nigeria, said that "Boko Haram abducts boys and girls and, in particular, forces boys to join their ranks or face death."
Watchlist reports that in addition to abducting boys, the militants sometimes pressure them to join by threatening to hurt their families if they don't.
A 10-year-old boy who escaped a Boko Haram camp earlier this year said that he had been forced to do household chores for the militants. He said he was captured while living under the care of an Islamic teacher in Borno state.
"Life was terrible in the bush with Boko Haram. We were treated like slaves and always hungry," the boy said.
More:

Netflix struggles to win over skeptics in film-loving France0
French law also requires at least 40% of programming on TV and radio to be made in France. And in the private sector, Canal +, the cable TV group owned by Vivendi, is a major funder of many French films.
It is a carefully balanced system that French cultural leaders fear could topple over with a gentle nudge by Netflix.
"To make our movies, we need a stable system of production," Desarthe said.
Though the Netflix launch in France this month was part of a broader European expansion, it was here that the company met with the greatest resistance.
Executives from Netflix negotiated with French officials for months over some of the regulations before putting its European headquarters in Amsterdam. The move means the company is exempt from France's film tax requirements and French-language quotas.
But it also antagonized French cultural leaders.
Then-Culture Minister Aurelie Filippetti criticized Netflix at the time for locating outside France and vowed to protect the country's cultural heritage. French telecom giant Orange is refusing to put the service on its set-top box, saying it did not want to be a "Trojan horse" for Netflix.
"The French film and TV industry is quite insular," said Richard Broughton, a London-based analyst at IHS Technology. "There's a lot of fear that a player like Netflix that is not subject to the same rules as the traditional players may have a disruptive effect."
The weekend before Netflix went live in France, the company began flying stars of its bespoke programs to Paris. Cast members also campaigned on social media, with actors from "Orange is the New Black" posting photos of themselves near the Seine, the Eiffel Tower, at restaurants and cathedrals.
"Forgot how even the subway signs here are beautiful #Paris #Metro #netflixFR #oitnb #alexvause," Laura Prepon, who plays Alex Vause, said in on Instagram post.
The courtship continued on Sept. 15 when Netflix Chief Executive Reed Hastings and Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos held a day of press briefings exclusively for French media. Many of those journalists had been flown out to Netflix's Los Gatos headquarters in Northern California earlier in the year for interviews. In the evening, Netflix threw a big party at a Paris nightclub, where executives and stars paraded down a red carpet.
Having conquered America, Netflix sees its biggest growth opportunities overseas, where it has just 14 million subscribers compared with 36 million in the U.S. In addition to Germany, where it also launched this month, France is one of the larger remaining markets where Netflix can grow.
Yet the hurdles here remain considerable.
For instance, the company's biggest show, "House of Cards," has already been licensed to Canal Play video service.
Netflix also faces stiff competition because consumers have several choices of broadband and pay TV services that come with hundreds of channels and video-on-demand options that cost far less than in the United States.
"That first-mover advantage, that window of opportunity, is gone," said Mathijs Robbens, a Bain & Co. partner in Amsterdam. "What they need to do is tune their library a little bit for each of these countries and selectively strike partnership deals with operators and broadcasters."

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionHong Kong unrest  Modi in Manhattan  Frances far-right  dictator goutSeptember 28, 2014
What to watch for today
Hong Kong braces for more unrest. Following a civil disobedience campaign aimed at blocking Hong Kong’s financial center over the weekend, the ongoing occupation of the Central district might disrupt markets. The protestors are demanding free elections for Hong Kong’s next leader, while Beijing plans to limit the candidates to Chinese government loyalists. The South China Morning Post’s live updates from the scene are here .
The Modi show continues. After speaking at the UN and wowing the crowds at Madison Square Garden, the Indian prime minister meets 11 chief executives of some of the top US companies, including Google, PepsiCo, and Goldman Sachs. He also has a private dinner with US president Barack Obama (although Modi will be fasting.)
Global economic data. In Europe, Germany and Spain will release data on inflation, while the UK reports net lending figures. Later, the US reports personal income, a member of the US Federal Reserve speaks in Chicago, and Brazil’s central bank releases its quarterly inflation report.
ISIL airstrikes gather momentum. The US-led coalition of more than 40 countries has  expanded its strikes to a Kurdish area of Syria along the Turkish border for the first time and  is targeting oil refineries under ISIL control in Syria using US, Saudi and UAE planes as it seeks to decimate the group. More than 200 airstrikes in Iraq and almost 50 in Syria have been confirmed since last month.
Over the weekend
France’s far-right entered the senate. The Front National will enter the upper chamber of the French parliament for the first time, after winning two seats in yesterday’s election. Though the Senate doesn’t have much power, the vote saw the 348-member chamber swing to the right in yet another blow to socialist president Francois Hollande following the return of one-time nemesis, Nicolas Sarkozy .
At least 30 feared dead in Japanese volcano eruption. Rescuers are  searching for survivors at Mount Ontake, following a violent volcanic eruption  at the popular hiking spot. Japan, no stranger to violent seismic activity, previously hadn’t recorded any fatalities from eruptions since 1991.
Catalonia got closer to its own referendum. The president of the separatist-minded region of Spain signed a decree calling for a vote on independence, possibly on Nov. 9. The national government in Madrid considers any attempt at a Scottish-style referendum illegal, and is likely to take the dispute over the vote—which Catalonians call a “consultation”—to Spain’s Constitutional Court.
Air France pilots ended two-week strike. The crippling strike led to widespread flight cancellations and cost the French flag carrier €20 million ($25 million) per day. The pilots’ union isn’t happy with new contract talks  (paywall), but says that ending its strike will allow negotiations to take place “in a calmer climate.”
Quartz obsession interlude
Kabir Chibber on how India’s Modi is becoming Lula’s successor as leader of the global poor. “His words, and the manner in which he conveyed them, suggests that the world again has a leader who speaks for the billions of non-Westerners whose interests, although acknowledged, are often ignored. One they haven’t had since January 2011, when Brazil’s Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva left office.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
We’re arriving at the endgame for BlackBerry. The question now is who will buy the smartphone maker for more than $2 billion net of cash.
Asia is the most dangerous region in the world. Territorial sea disputes are only one reason why.
The future of music includes vinyl records. Ones with  hand-etched holograms .
Amazon’s practices are crushing local economies. It stands accused of exploiting low-wage workers .
Surprising discoveries
Kim Jong-un likes cheese. So much so that the North Korean leader is apparently  suffering from gout .
Ireland is just now getting around to introducing postal codes. They begin in spring 2015 .
Arab Twitter users dislike Iran. Even more than they dislike the US .
Burmese elephants helped defeat the Japanese in World War II. They waged  guerrilla warfare (no animal puns please).
One in seven Japanese adults plays pachinko. The parlor game’s  revenues last year were $175 billion.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, “I went to see Modi at MSG and all I got was this stupid t-shirt” souvenirs, and pachinko winnings to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Driven by demand  gold imports likely to dou...Driven by demand gold imports likely to double this October
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 07.08AM IST
Tags:
bullion
(However, if the capital…)
KOLKATA: India's gold imports are likely to double in October, driven by demand from consumers who purchase jewellery during the festival season. But investment demand, usually in the form of coins and bars, is likely to be less this year, which in turn may reduce the volume of gold entering the country through illegal routes, say industry executives.
The bullion industry pegs gold imports at 80 tonnes next month.
"Last year during October, we had imported around 35-40 tonnes of gold. Gold availability was under pressure due to the 80:20 rule," Prithviraj Kothari, vice-president of the Indian Bullion & Jewellery Association, told ET.
"But now the process of getting gold has eased and we are expecting 80 tonnes of gold imports as there is demand for the yellow metal in the market."
The 80:20 rule was introduced last year to reduce gold imports, which were straining the country's current account. Under the rule, agencies that import gold have to ensure that 20% of the shipment is exported after adding value, such as by turning them into jewellery. This led to the agencies slowing down imports, as they weren't sure how to ensure the export requirement, leading to a drop in gold availability in the local market. This rule, and a 10% import duty on gold, have also led to an increase in gold smuggling.
According to Kothari, entry of gold through illegal routes gathers momentum if there is a sudden surge among investors for the yellow metal. If investors sense that gold will generate good returns they start putting in money in gold.
But as of now investors are not finding gold as an attractive investment option vis-a-vis equity though the equity market has slipped this week, he said.
Investment demand for gold has dropped by 67% from a year earlier to 49.6 tonnes during the second quarter of 2014, according to the World Gold Council. However, if the capital market enters into a bearish phase, then investors may start looking at gold again, said industry executives.
"In that case, there will be pressure on the supply side which may see premium on gold going up ... which may then result in entry of gold through the illegal route as this gold carries very little premium," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, a member of the All India Gem & Jewellery Trade Federation. "At present, gold through the official route is commanding a premium of $7 per troy ounce, which is lowest in recent times."
Premium is what bulk buyers pay for immediate delivery of the metal.
Bamalwa expects gold imports to total 70-80 tonnes this October.
He said at present, the ratio between gold jewellery and investment demand is 90:10, which means most of the gold buying is in the form of jewellery. According to analysts, gold will not give much return in the near term as internationally prices are dropping. "If someone wants to invest for the long term, say for a year, then he can expect some return. That is why there is very less demand for gold in the market," said Hareesh V, senior analyst at Geojit Comtrade .
"Investors across the globe are on a wait and watch mode. Prices in India could have been lesser if the rupee had not weakened against the dollar," Hareesh added.In the international market, gold may drop below $1,200 level, and may fall to as low as $1,180 mark, analysts said. In the local physical market, gold was trading at Rs 27,000 per 10 gms.
"There is demand for gold jewellery and people are keen to buy at this price level," said Saurabh Gadgil, director of Pune-based jewellery firm PN Gadgil .
FEATURED ARTICLES

7 666 candidates in the fray  91 from Nanded-SouthPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:08 am
A total of 7,666 candidates have filed their nominations for the Maharashtra Assembly polls. With five-cornered contests in almost all the seats, the total number of nominations has jumped by 16.27 per cent from 2009. The average number of candidates from each constituency is 26.
While the highest number of  nominations — 91 — have been filed from Nanded-South constituency,  the lowest of nine each have been filed in Guhagar, Mahim and Kudal seats. There are around 33 constituencies which have more than 40 candidates.
The last day for withdrawal of nominations is October 1. In 2009, nearly 35 per cent of those who had filed their nominations had withdrawn from the contest. A total of 3,559 contestants fought the last elections, with an average of 12 candidates per seat. The higher number of nominations this time is due to the breaking up of the alliances.
The Congress has fielded 288 candidates while the NCP has and the Shiv Sena have fielded 286 candidates each. The BJP has fielded candidates in 257 seats, allotting the remaining 31 to allies. The MNS has put up candidates in 239 seats.

5 blue-chip cos lose Rs 45 887.6 cr in m-capbenchmark
(While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank…)
NEW DELHI: Amid weakening stocks , the combined market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC , CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS's value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC's value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex fell by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nikkei Share Average Opens 0.67 Percent HigherYou are here: Home Market
Nikkei Share Average Opens Up 0.67%
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 29, 2014 07:29 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Tokyo stocks opened 0.67 per cent higher on Monday after the yen fell against the dollar on confidence in the US economy.
The Nikkei 225 index at the Tokyo Stock Exchange was up 109.17 points to 16,339.03 at the start.
The yen was lower, a positive for Japanese exporters, helped by an upward revision to the second-quarter US economic growth estimate.
The dollar fetched 109.36 yen in early Monday trade, up from 109.28 yen in New York Friday afternoon and 108.92 yen in Tokyo earlier Friday.
The euro bought $1.2674 and 138.65 yen against $1.2683 and 138.60 yen in US trade.
Investors appeared to be largely discounting the financial impact of a deadly volcanic eruption in central Japan.
Shares in SoftBank rose 1.49 per cent to 8,018.0 yen in the first few minutes of trade after media reports that the Japanese telecommunications group is in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation, the biggest independent animated film studio in Hollywood.
The deal could value DreamWorks at $3.4 billion, the Hollywood Reporter said.
US stocks Friday finished an up-and-down week on a high note, posting solid gains on a strong Nike earnings report and a rally in Apple shares.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 0.99 per cent to 17,113.15, led by a 12.2 per cent upsurge in Nike after announcing strong first-quarter earnings.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 07:28 (IST)

Conan Gets Involved In  Bendgate  With Parody CommercialIn case you haven't heard, there's a slight chance (very slight) your new iPhone 6 could bend in the pockets of your tight pants. And people are not happy about it.
While Apple customers were busy complaining, however, the writers at "Conan" were imagining how Samsung might respond to the so-called bendgate scandal. On Thursday's episode, host Conan O'Brien debuted a parody commercial showing off Samsung's new "unbendy" phone design .
Jam-packed with sexual innuendo, the spot proudly tells potential costumers that Samsung Galaxy phones are "rigid and stiff when you buy them."
Now that's one "raging phoner" you don't have to keep in your pants.

BlackBerry launches new smartphone  PassportBlackBerry launches new smartphone 'Passport'
Thu Sep 25 2014, 20:03 hrs
Hoping for a comeback, embattled Canadian company BlackBerry has launched a new smartphone. Chief executive John Chen on Wednesday unveiled a large-screen, square sized phone called the Passport to a Toronto audience. London and Dubai also hosted launch events. No event was held in the U. S. where analysts say there is little demand or carrier interest. (Image courtesy: BlackBerry)
BlackBerry has increasingly lost relevance as a smartphone company in the years since the 2007 launch of Apple's touchscreen iPhone and the 2008 introduction of Google-powered Android phones. Chen, who took over as CEO last fall after failed attempt to sell the once-iconic company, said the new phone was in the works before he joined BlackBerry and joked that he can only take credit for not killing it. (Image courtesy: BlackBerry)
The Passport is the size of a passport and has a square screen that measures 4.5 inches. It has a touch screen and a physical keyboard, something traditional BlackBerry business users prefer. (Image courtesy: BlackBerry)
The BlackBerry smartphone, pioneered in 1999, changed the culture by allowing on-the-go business people to access wireless email. Then came a new generation of competing smartphones, and suddenly the BlackBerry looked ancient. Apple first showed that phones can handle much more than email and phone calls with its iPhone. BlackBerry has been hammered by the competition. (Image courtesy: BlackBerry)
Since being named chief executive 10 months ago, Chen has been putting more emphasis on BlackBerry's mobile device management business, a collection of software that allows IT departments to manage different devices connected to their corporate networks. (Image courtesy: BlackBerry)
BGC analyst Colin Gillis said the Passport is not critical to BlackBerry's survival because the company doesn't need to sell many to make money on them. Gillis said while the square shape is odd, past attempts to compete with Apple and Android with similar looking devices failed. (Image courtesy: BlackBerry) Read full story
Reader´s Comments

Next stop in Modi s global PR campaign: USASep 26, 2014, 08.32 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Next stop in Modi's global PR campaign: USA
Since taking the helm in May, Modi has actively sought to deepen ties with leaders of global economic powers, recently holding strategic dialogues with Chinese Premier Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Next stop in Modi's global PR campaign: USA
Since taking the helm in May, Modi has actively sought to deepen ties with leaders of global economic powers, recently holding strategic dialogues with Chinese Premier Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Post your opinion here
 
This weekend, India Prime Minister Narendra Modi will kick off his first official visit to the United States, the latest stop in his global PR campaign to tell the world India is back in business.
During his four-day visit to New York and Washington DC, Modi will meet with US President Barack Obama, congressional leaders, business executives and members of the Indian diaspora as he looks to strengthen economic and political relations between both countries.
"Modi-Obama Summit will set the framework for bilateral co-operation between the two nation's governments in defense, trade and infrastructure, at a crucial time when the new Modi government is developing its own strategic policy framework and geopolitical relationships with other world-leading powers," said Rajiv Biswas, chief economist, Asia-Pacific at IHS.
Read More: US to press India on trade row during Modi's Washington visit
Since taking the helm in May, Modi has actively sought to deepen ties with leaders of global economic powers, recently holding strategic dialogues with Chinese Premier Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The discussions were largely seen as successful in setting the foundations for India relations with Asia's two largest economies.
Modi has been a controversial figure in the US for his alleged role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in Gujarat that led the Bush Administration to deny him a visa in 2005. Putting this aside, Modi has called India and the U.S. "natural allies," saying it is in the interest of both the nations to further develop their relationship.
To the US, India – with its large population, youthful demographics and fast-growing middle class – presents opportunities as one of the world's fastest growing consumer market. Total Indian consumer spending is forecast to rise from $1.1 trillion in 2013 to $4.3 trillion by 2023, according to IHS.
Read More: Are China-India ties entering a new chapter?
Likewise, India is hoping to tap the U.S. for investment especially in infrastructure to remove bottlenecks for industrial development and revive growth.
As For India, the U.S. is a lucrative market for its outsourcing services that it has developed a competitive advantage in. India is also in dire need of investment, particularly in infrastructure to remove bottlenecks for industrial development and revive growth. Asia's third largest economy ranked 85 out of 148 for its infrastructure in the World Economic Forum's 2013-2014 Global Competitiveness Report.
"An obvious dimension in which both countries would benefit is providing broader access to each other's markets for both trade and finance," said Eswar Prasad, professor of trade policy at Cornell University.
Read More: The man who would remake India: A 90-day scorecard
"Bilateral discussions might help prod the Indian government to undertake reforms that would be good for the domestic economy, both directly and by promoting external trade and financial flows," he said.
While there is great scope for cooperation, there are sources of friction that have the potential to derail ties, say analysts.
India and the United States have clashed over the World Trade Organization (WTO) treaty on simplifying global customs rules, which India blocked in July because it wanted more attention paid to concerns over its food security.
Read More: There's more to Modi-Abe ties than China
On a visit to India, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told Modi that India's refusal to sign the trade deal had undermined the country's image, Reuters reported.
"A key issue for the two countries is to work together to address India's concerns about food security that would revive the stalled WTO trade facilitation agreement. This would be a signal of the ability of the two sides to work together in dealing with important but complicated and contentious areas," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Apple Shows How iPhones Are Tested In Wake Of  Bendgatereddit
Apple is taking extreme measures to try to convince people that its phones don't actually bend.
The notoriously tight-lipped company allowed select reporters to watch how intensely iPhones are tested at a facility in Cupertino, California. Apple's been reeling in the wake of "bendgate," the controversy sparked by a video of someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus with his bare hands and reports of the phone bending in people's pockets .
Apple says only nine customers have complained of bent phones thus far. It told CNBC the new iPhones were tested 15,000 times. Dan Ricco, Apple's head of engineering, told the network that the iPhone 6 is "the most tested product we have ever done."
More:

Two more companies queue up for IPO amid bullish sentimentsTwo more companies queue up for IPO amid bullish sentiments
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 28, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Looking to tap upbeat investor sentiments, Uniparts India and PNC Infratech are the latest companies to file initial public offer papers with capital market regulator Sebi.
With these two firms, a total of nine companies have now filed draft papers with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) since beginning of 2014.
Engineering equipment maker Uniparts India plans an initial issue size of little over 1.30 crore shares while infrastructure firm PNC Infratech intends to offer 1.29 crore scrips.
These filings come at a time when the equity market has been on an upswing this year in the wake of bullish investor sentiments.
So far in 2014, the 30-share benchmark Sensex has gained as much as 26% spurred by robust fund flows and revival of risk appetite amid signs of improving economic conditions.
Prior to Uniparts India and PNC Infratech, seven firms -- Lavasa Corp, Adlabs Entertainment, GMR Energy, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd, Sharda Cropchem and Monte Carlo Fashions -- have filed draft IPO papers with Sebi so far in 2014.
Sharda Cropchem made a stellar debut on September 23, when its shares gained nearly 48% over the issue price of Rs 156 apiece.
Three other firms -- Wonderla Holidays, Snowman Logistics and Shemaroo Entertainment -- have also completed their IPO in the current financial year.
Meanwhile, Uniparts India would utilise the proceeds from the IPO towards establishment of a new manufacturing facilities at Visakhapatnam and Ludhiana, repayment of certain borrowings, for acquisitions and general corporate purposes.
In the case of PNC Infratech, the money raised from the initial share sale would be used for funding working capital requirements, investment in capital equipment and repayment of certain debt, among others.
Besides, the company would utilise the funds for investing in its subsidiary -- PNC Raebareli Highways Private Ltd -- for part-financing the Raebareli-Jaunpur project.
ICICI Securities, Edelweiss Financial Services and India Infoline are the lead managers for Uniparts India's IPO while ICICI Securities and IDFC Securities would manage PNC Infratech share sale.
The companies have received the "in-principle approvals" from stock exchanges -- NSE and BSE -- for listing.

How Modi should reach out to Obama and AmericansModi needs to break protocol and reach out to president Obama with a hug that is American and softness that is purely Indian.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Harish Bijoor
The mint-new prime minister of India Narendra Modi is in the United States of America. Every breath he takes and indeed every move he makes will be watched, dissected and will craft his image for years to come. That image will define not just India and Narendra Modi himself but also the geo-political influence he will command for the rest of his tenure.
Modi began as a RSS pracharak and that's the image he started with: an honest and committed worker. The next big change came when he became the chief minister of Gujarat, where he pitched himself as an able administrator and a proud Gujarati. And then followed the successful pan-India push to become prime minister.
The Right Connect
Modi has been loud, raucous, rabble-rousing at times. All the same, the one big trait of Brand Modi is the fact that he can energize interest. He can galvanize action. He can get people to take that first baby step. Modi is an astute communicator.
He knows every audience he speaks to. He knows that the audience at the Independence Day address from the ramparts of Red Fort in Delhi is the nation at large that wants visible action. He therefore gets down and addresses the lowest common denominator issue. He talks hygiene and toilets. Modi communicates. And when he does, he connects. He picks issues right.
With India under his belt, it's now time then for Modi to look westwards. Expect the PM of the country to get as global as he can. After all, he represents the world's second most populous country and the world's largest democracy. The common thread that really ties the US and India is this old buzzword called democracy. The photo-op with Barack Obama is going to be an interesting one.
While Modi will represent width (remember the 56-inch chest), Obama will represent height. I do believe the opportunity will call for not only a handshake but a hug as well. Remember, this is not a meeting of un-equals. Modi needs to remember that. The US needs India just as much as India needs the US.
Remember to also appreciate that the consumption capitals of the world have now progressively shifted from the West to the East. A country which was hitherto hungry to search out markets in the US is today welcoming investment and brands from out there into the gut of the Indian market.
I do believe Modi needs to break protocol and reach out to president Obama with a hug that is American and a softness that is purely Indian. And this hug can make for a good photograph for sure. How about a selfie then, Mr Modi? Both Obama and Modi represent the epitome of achievement that comes with hard, sincere and dedicated work. Both have risen, literally from the ashes.
Both have massive social media following. Time to selfie it! Modi needs to break the stereotype of distant "third-world"(a bad word today) leaders meeting the president of the US. Modi needs to avoid the coldness of the Eastern Block.
Page 1 of 2

Trai Recommendations on Spectrum Pricing Likely by October-end: ReportNew Delhi: Telecom regulator Trai is likely to come out with recommendations on spectrum pricing for the next round of auction by the end of next month.
"The recommendations are likely to come by the end of October," a source in Trai said.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) in August had started the consultation process for the next round of auctions for spectrum held by mobile operators - Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and RCom - as some of their licences are set to expire in 2015-16.
Trai will recommend the reserve price of spectrum to be auctioned across 18 out of the 22-telecom service areas across the country for 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz bands, used for providing mobile services based on GSM technology standard.
The authority has recently conducted an open house discussion with industry players in order to get their views on reserve price, quantum of spectrum and other issues related to auction.
In December 2015, 4 licences of Bharti Airtel, 7 each of Idea Cellular, Reliance Telecom and Vodafone will complete their 20-year term and would require renewal.
The companies can renew their licences by paying a fixed fee but for continuing mobile and other wireless services they will need to buy spectrum afresh through auction at market determined rates. By April 2016, two more permits of Bharti and Idea will come up for renewal.
As per Trai, 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 MHz band and 104 MHz in 1800 Mhz band can be put up for the auction.
The government, in its Budget Estimates for the current financial year, 2014-15, has projected minimum revenue of Rs 9,355 crore from auction of 800 Mhz as well as the 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz bands.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:39 (IST)

Gold demand in India to riseChina imports more gold for holiday; Indian demand set to climb
Reuters –  Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:55 PM IST
Customers shop inside a gold jewellery showroom in Mumbai August 30, 2013. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/Files
By A. Ananthalakshmi
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Top bullion consumer China has been importing more gold in September than in the previous month due to demand from retailers stocking up for the upcoming National Day holiday, market sources said.
Demand in India - the second biggest buyer of the metal - is also set to pick up as the festival and wedding season kicked off this week.
With gold trading close to a key psychological level of $1,200 an ounce, markets are keenly watching physical demand in Asia - the top consuming region - to see if it could lend support to prices.
"The physical volumes have been high this month compared to August. I would say imports could be at least 30 percent higher than last month," said a trader with one of the 15 importing banks in China.
From Oct. 1, Chinese markets will be closed for a week, and retails sales are expected to increase.
Data on Thursday showed that China's net gold imports from Hong Kong rose in August from a three-year low in July.
Another trader said imports will remain elevated all through the fourth quarter due to seasonal demand.
"Since the price is near $1,200, we have seen more purchases. If gold dips below that level, we can see a further increase," the trader said.
Premiums on the Shanghai Gold Exchange were about $5-$6 an ounce on Friday, largely steady from last week.
In India, an inauspicious phase called Shradh - a period for paying homage to ancestors - ended on Wednesday, giving way to a string of festivals.
"Typically, as soon as Shradh is over, demand should kick in," said a dealer with one of the top bullion importing banks in India. "There is a feeling that gold prices will go further down, so some have chosen to wait a little longer before purchasing immediately."
"With gold prices lower, there are expectations for good demand this time as we head to October."
The nine-day Hindu festival of Navratri began on Thursday, which will then be followed by Dussehra, Dhanteras and Diwali - all considered auspicious time periods to buy gold jewellery, coins or bars.
Since the wedding season also kicks off around the same time, lasting all through the year, markets expect strong purchases. Gold forms an essential part of a bride's dowry in Indian weddings.
Monthly gold imports are set to rise by as much 50 percent from current levels while premiums could almost double to as high as $15 an ounce because of the festivities and wedding season, industry sources told Reuters earlier this month.
Indian premiums are currently less than $10 an ounce. In other trading hubs such as Singapore, Hong Kong and Tokyo, premiums were largely unchanged from a week ago.
(Editing by Sunil Nair)

Narendra Modi s visit to mark new era in Indo-US relationseconomy
(Frank said that in his opinion…)
LUCKNOW: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit will mark a new era in bilateral relations between the two nations especially on the economic front, said Frank Islam , Member of Industry Trade Advisory Committee in the Obama Administration .
"I strongly believe PM Modi's visit will kick-start a new era in the relations, especially on the economic front. I definitely think Modi's visit will strengthen the bilateral relations," Frank, who also serve on the Board of Trustees of the Kennedy Center, said.
Born in Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh and raised in Aligarh, Frank said the past couple of years have not been "very smooth".
"The US, especially American businesses, have been dismayed by the pace and direction of the economic reform in India in the past two to three years. Many in Washington feel that, on the reforms front, India has regressed, especially in the last year of the Manmohan Singh government," he said.
"There is also a feeling that US companies got nothing from India despite America offering the historic nuclear deal. The Devyani Khobragade issue was another sad chapter in the US-India relations in the past couple of years. Everyone agrees that the issue was not handled properly," he added.
Frank said that since Modi has come to power things have changed for better.
"Modi has been known as a pro-business leader. He has a long track record of that in Gujarat. Even though on the economy , he hasn't announced any radical measures so far, many here think his heart is in the right place," he said.
On the future of Indo-US relationship, he said, "In the past two decades, relations have been driven mostly by the business communities in both countries. They will continue to - only thing is they need support from the leaderships in both countries."
Frank said that in his opinion both the sides should focus on solving their differences on economic issues.
"India should intellectually and emotionally embrace economic reforms, rather than doing it reluctantly, as it has been doing it so far. It should address the lack of infrastructure and difficulties in acquiring land for infrastructure," he said on the issues which need more focus during the PM's visit.
He added there was a lot of scope for cooperation in different fields like national security, education, healthcare, agriculture and energy.
"The two countries are already cooperating on all these issues. But more can and should be done," he said.
Frank, who owns FI Investment Group in US, said he commend Modi for his remarks about Muslims in India.
"In an interview Modi had said that Indian Muslims will live and die for India. I agree with him and I commend him because he firmly believes there should be no division based on caste," he said.
"I would like Modi to give Indian Muslim youth hope and hand and ladders of opportunity to succeed. He needs to empower them with education which will give them dignity and respect and give them powerful equalizer to lift them out of poverty," Frank said on what he would do if had an opportunity to talk to Modi.
As far as his birth place Azamgarh is concerned he said, "I would like to establish a vocational school in the memory of my mother in Azamgarh, so that we can create a 21st century workforce there."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi at the UN: Asserting Indias global roleSeptember 28, 2014, 12:02 am IST TK Arun in Cursor | India , Times View | ET
33
The earth did not quite shake as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the 69th United Nations General Assembly, but the PM did make his presence felt as the representative of a sixth of humanity, seeking to set the agenda for the multilateral organisation and proposing a global, comprehensive convention to tackle terror.
Modi dealt with Pakistan with welcome restraint, refusing to be drawn into a verbal duel over Kashmir to which Pak prime minister Nawaz Sharif’s speech at the UN had constituted an invitation.
Modi reiterated India’s stand that Kashmir is a bilateral matter and that discussions cannot take place with a terror gun held to India’s head. By stressing the need to focus on the recent calamitous floods in Kashmir, Modi sought to present a contrast between Pakistan’s political preoccupation with Kashmir and India’s concern for the welfare of the people of the state.
As speeches go, this is fine, but actual concern has to be demonstrated by action on the ground, not by sweeping rhetoric. After a flood of waters, Kashmir now needs not a flood of words but systematic relief and rehabilitation.
Restoring the traditional storm water channels that had allowed water to drain away, contingency plans to deploy heavy pumps to pump out water from low-lying areas where posh colonies have come up, and other such things have low rhetorical yield but address the real concerns of the flood-affected.
That Modi spoke in Hindi is perfectly in order. Hindi is spoken by larger numbers than are three of the UN’s six official languages, French, Arabic and Russian. So, actually, are several other Indian languages. Indian languages do deserve more official representation in international fora. But the kind of Hindi Modi spoke certainly was not in order.
When Modi speaks ex tempore, he speaks the language that the common people of north India understand, the Hindustani of Hindi films. That is one of the sources of his popularity. But his speech at UN was in the artificial mould of Sangh ideologues, obscure Sanskrit words skewering and displacing common words that have their roots in Urdu/Persian.
The Sangh has for long tried to create a communal divide in language as well, trying to excise all traces of Persian from Hindustani and replace them with words borrowed from Sanskrit. Sanghis choose to ignore the common roots of both Sanskrit and Persian in the Indo-Aryan family of lanugages, in their constant, pervasive effort to portray the Muslim as the other.
Modi breezed through universal disarmament and non-proliferation. Terror was used to make the point that India can also take global initiatives, by way of seeking an international convention on it. But Modi chose to gloss over the emergence of the Islamic State, as if preparing the ground not to play any activist role in the emerging international alliance against it.
References to democracy, India’s tradition of multilateralism, and claim to universalism founded on ancient philosophy served to both be politically correct and clamber on to the moral high ground.
The call to complete action on revamping the Security Council by the 70th General Assembly next year, for maritime, outer space and cyber space security and to continue with equal but differentiated responsibilities of developed and developing countries towards the environment sought to communicate India’s assertion of its rightful place in the comity of nations and the comprehensive sweep of its concerns.
Modi was conscious that he was addressing a huge domestic audience and kept his pitch on development high. That he called for every nation to do its bit to achieve development, in contrast to his willingness to let a comprehensive multilateral convention take on the work on terror, showed his seriousness on the subject.
Two thing struck an odd note in Modi’s speech. The first was his reference to Yoga. Modi offered Yoga as India’s contribution to combating climate change. Of course, he did not mean to suggest that if all seven billion humans stood on their head before breakfast every day, global warming would reverse itself.
He wished to assert the balance between mind and body that Yoga seeks to secure, and, thereby, emphasise the restraint sustainability calls for on the desire to constantly expand consumption. This makes sense.
What does not make sense is his party propping up, in the name of Yoga, false apostles who barely know the difference between contorted bodily postures and control of the mind via control of the body that Yoga pursues.
The second oddity in Modi’s speech was a reference to new divisions in Europe. Does this mark a departure in New Delhi’s stand on Ukraine’s civil strife? India had ruffled American feathers by stating that Russia had legitimate concerns over developments in Ukraine and Crimea.
Is there any plan to deviate from India’s eminently sensible pursuit of encouraging a multipolar distribution of power in the world, to prevent unipolar hegemony that would constrict the space a developing country like India would have? The government should elaborate its views on the subject to the domestic public.
On the whole, Modi made an impressive debut on the global stage, even if he did not outline any vision comparable to the rousing call for a world free of nuclear weapons that Rajiv Gandhi had made in his 1988 address to the UN, which continues to rally support 26 years later.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Indian diaspora requests PM to grant voting rights to NRIsSep 28, 2014, 01.20 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Indian diaspora requests PM to grant voting rights to NRIs
Overseas wing of the BJP in the US has asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to consider granting voting rights to non-resident Indians (NRIs) besides opening more consulates to facilitate the diaspora community.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian diaspora requests PM to grant voting rights to NRIs
Overseas wing of the BJP in the US has asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to consider granting voting rights to non-resident Indians (NRIs) besides opening more consulates to facilitate the diaspora community.
Post your opinion here
 
Overseas wing of the BJP in the US has asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to consider granting voting rights to non-resident Indians (NRIs) besides opening more consulates to facilitate the diaspora community.
"NRIs should be granted voting rights. This can be done either by mail or by voting in the respective nearest consulate," a memorandum submitted to Modi in a meeting with Overseas Friends of BJP (OFBJP) delegation said yesterday.
"Indian Diaspora should be provided facility in US at Indian consulates to enroll them for UIDAI card (Aadhar card)," it said.
The delegation led by OFBJP president Chandrakant Patel sought to open more consulates in the US, new direct flights to India from various US cities, easing the process to apply for visa or Overseas Citizens of India (OCI) card besides allowing OCI card holders to buy up to 20 acres of land, and security for the property owned by NRIs.
"One of the most important requirements of the Indian diaspora is to facilitate an easy transportation of the bodies of deceased of Indian origin people back to India. The current procedures are very cumbersome and costly. These procedures should be relaxed, made simple, low cost, and time sensitive," the memorandum added.
The delegation said that Indian consulate offices in the US should be service oriented with a sincere and courteous attitude to serve the community with respect to passport and visa services.
"However, in several instances we had faced unnecessary hurdles in the past and were treated unprofessionally by the consulate staff.
"Aged people were made to wait for hours and days in some cases. Often, people do not get their phones answered or calls returned," it said while seeking mobile visa camps in US.
India Cultural Centres should be established in New York, Washington and Los Angeles by the Government of India to facilitate people-to-people interaction between US and India.
The Centres would also highlight India's capabilities, history and culture to the interested US population and 2nd generation Indian Americans. China has already started similar centres, the memorandum mentioned.
RELATED NEWS

Pop supergroup hits British number one spot with "Bang Bang"Sep 28, 2014, 11.52 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Pop supergroup hits British number one spot with "Bang Bang"
BRITAIN-CHARTS:Pop supergroup hits British number one spot with "Bang Bang"
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pop supergroup hits British number one spot with "Bang Bang"
BRITAIN-CHARTS:Pop supergroup hits British number one spot with "Bang Bang"
Post your opinion here
 
LONDON (Reuters) - "Bang Bang", a collaboration between pop artists Jessie J, Nicki Minaj and Ariana Grande, took the top spot in Britain's singles chart, selling nearly 100,000 copies in its first week, the Official Charts Company said on Sunday.
The single, which will feature on Jessie J's new album, knocked Sigma's "Changing" into second place, while Taylor Swift's "Shake it off" rose two places to number three. "Blame" by Calvin Harris slipped to fourth, while former chart topper "Prayer in C" by Lilly Wood completed the top five.
British indie group Alt-J scored their first ever number one album with the newly-released "This is all yours", the follow up to their 2012 debut "An Awesome Wave". Veteran U.S. singer-songwriter Barbra Streisand's "Partners" held on to second spot in the album chart, while Sam Smith also remained unmoved in third place with "In the Lonely Hour"
"Wanted on Voyage" by George Ezra rose to fourth, while Leonard Cohen's "Popular Problems" debuted in the charts in fifth position.
(Reporting by William James; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
ADS BY GOOGLE

Al Qaeda figure killed by U.S. strike in Syria - monitoring groupSep 28, 2014, 11.52 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Al Qaeda figure killed by U.S. strike in Syria - monitoring group
MIDEAST-CRISIS-QAEDA-FADHLI:Al Qaeda figure killed by U.S. strike in Syria - monitoring group
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Al Qaeda figure killed by U.S. strike in Syria - monitoring group
MIDEAST-CRISIS-QAEDA-FADHLI:Al Qaeda figure killed by U.S. strike in Syria - monitoring group
Post your opinion here
 
DUBAI (Reuters) - A jihadist Twitter account said the leader of the al Qaeda-linked Khorasan group was killed in a U.S. air strike in Syria, SITE monitoring service said on Sunday after several days of uncertainty over whether he survived the raid.
A U.S. official said on Sept. 24 the United States believed Mohsin al-Fadhli, a senior al Qaeda operative, had been killed in a strike a day earlier, but the Pentagon said several hours later it was still investigating what had happened to him.
In a tweet posted on Sept. 27, a jihadist offered condolences for the death of Kuwaiti-born Fadhli, otherwise known as Abu Asmaa al-Kuwati or Abu Asmaa al-Jazrawi, said SITE, a U.S.-based organisation that monitors militant groups online.
In Washington, Tony Blinken, deputy White House national security adviser, said U.S. officials could not yet confirm the death.
"We want to make sure that he's not trying to, in effect, fake his death and go underground," Blinken said on "Fox News Sunday." "But there are serious indicators he was removed."
U.S. officials have described Khorasan as a network of seasoned al Qaeda fighters with battlefield experience mostly in Pakistan and Afghanistan that is now working in league with al Qaeda's Syrian affiliate, the Nusra Front.
Khorasan is a term for an area including parts of Pakistan and Afghanistan where al Qaeda's main council is believed to be in hiding.
After the Sept. 23 strikes, U.S. officials said they were  still assessing how badly Khorasan had been hit. Islamist militants on social media have said there were unconfirmed reports that the 33-year-old Fadhli had been killed.
SITE did not name the jihadist who reported Fadhli's death but said he had trained under a close associate of al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri and had fought in Khorasan before travelling to Syria.
A 2012 State Department notice offering a $7 million reward for information on Fadhli's whereabouts said he was an al Qaeda financier close to founder Osama bin Laden and among the few who knew in advance about the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
(Reporting by William Maclean; Additional reporting by Doina Chiacu in Washington; Editing by Andrew Heavens and Mark Trevelyan)
ADS BY GOOGLE

Will revive BSNL  MTNL as I did Coal India : Ravi Shankar PrasadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coalmin urges power min to review fuel import targetE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Banks lose out to bonds & CP as firms look to borrow cheapE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Amazon promises relentless pursuit of Indian rivalsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Swachh Bharat: Govt in talks with Gates Foundation  FB to partner in sanitation driveBaba Ramdev
(The government is also trying…)
NEW DELHI: The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and social media giant Facebook are likely to partner with the government on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat sanitation drive that will be launched on October 2.
While the charity foundation of Microsoft founder Bill Gates and his wife will likely share its R&D experience and also offer technology to build cost-effective toilets, Facebook is likely to be a part of a huge social media campaign that the government will launch, said a senior government official.
"We are trying to rope in the Gates Foundation. Several plans are under consideration at the moment," he said, not wanting to be named.
Gates met Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu last week and had in principle agreed on a partnership to promote user-friendly toilets to ensure universal sanitation in India with the objective of addressing sanitation-related health concerns.
There is also speculation that Facebook founder and Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg will be part of the launch of the Swachh Bharat Mission on Gandhi Jayanti.
The government is also trying to involve the likes of Aamir Khan and Baba Ramdev for the programme but discussions are still at an early stage and are likely to be finalised next week, the official said.
"We will also use Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp and other mediums to promote sanitation."
Modi's Swatch Bharat call from the ramparts of the Red Fort in Delhi during his Independence Day speech has pushed both the government and the private sector into action.
Under this mission, the plan is to equip every household with toilet facility by 2019, Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary year. Modi has also urged all Indians to devote at least 100 hours every year to cleanliness.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Narendra Modi made history in New YorkThe US tour was a success.(Reuters/Lucas Jackson)
SHARE
Annalisa Merelli @missanabeem
September 28, 2014
There is a great song in Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Evita on Broadway (and in the movie starring Madonna ) that explains preparations for Eva Peron’s 1947 “Rainbow Tour” around Argentina, then Europe, to promote her husband and herself as icons of the people. It goes:
There again I’ve more to do than get the message through, I haven’t started. Let’s get this show on the road, let’s make it obvious, Perón is off and rolling.
Yesterday, 67 years after that historic tour (and the independence of his own country), prime minister Narendra Modi seized the sentiment. NaMo’s own rainbow took America by storm, charming non-resident Indians, or NRIs, like never before.
The planned outfits . The  overbooked schedule . The surprise appearance at a concert in Central Park, next to entertainment powerhouses Beyoncé and Jay Z. Like a rock star.
Modi is off and rolling.
In the hall, between song and dance numbers and Indian flags everywhere, it was hard for even a skeptic not to be taken. The celebration of the most glittering and enthusiastically stereotypical celebration of India’s soft power was unapologetic.
The screens prompted: “MODI! MODI! MODI!”
Dutifully, the crowd throughout the speech: “Modi, Modi, Modi!”
“I, my friends, arrived here selling tea,”  Modi said, and the crowd burst. What he said really didn’t matter: he came to meet the Indians—their children and grandchildren—who left their country to follow the American dream and brought them an Indian dream in the form of yoga, doctors, chai lattes. Modi pandered, like a rock star playing his popular numbers. No one was there to hear what new repertoire he may be working on: The crowd was there to sing along.
This is populism at its very best: Modi made everyone believe what was happening at Madison Square Garden was about them. It was actually about him—his power, his ego, his success.
As the speech finished— a well-curated number, except for the terrible English translation of the speech—the flag of India was superimposed on Modi’s image. Slowly, his face became the wheel at the centre of the flag. It does not get more obvious than that.
Modi, not India, took over New York this weekend. His mistakes and shadows seem already forgotten. He, a few months after being elected, and his promises are already celebrated like victories. The crowd drank every word, and welcomed small, unsurprising announcements (the visa on arrival that has been in the works from before he was elected) as if they were big achievements (as the chain of claim of credit for the nuclear deal before him).
Personalities like Modi get remembered for who they are, not what they did. His US tour has assured his place in history. Whether he’ll take the rest of the world’s greatest democracy with him will be seen in the next years. For now, he’s still up there on his own. And that seems to be just how he—and the throngs—want it.
Share this:

Its the right time for RBI to go for rate cut: Nirmal Jain  India InfolineIt’s the right time for RBI to go for rate cut
Sep 29, 2014, 10.23AM IST
Tags:
(In CPI, food and fuel have…)
By Nirmal Jain
In 1947, Shanmukham Chetty, the first finance minister of Independent India, commented in his Budget speech regarding persistent inflation and food shortage - "The only real answer to inflation is to increase our internal production and, thereby, close the gap between the available supplies and purchasing power." In 1974, the renowned industrialist late KK Birla, then FICCI president, wrote to then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, criticising tight monetary policy and raising of interest rate stating, "Demand management policies have played out their role and should not be allowed to outlive their utility. Let us shift the focus now on revival of demand and, in particular, supply expansion." The logic is as relevant today as it was then.
Currently, the reason for tight monetary policy is high inflation as indicated by CPI numbers. In CPI, food and fuel have close to 60% weightage. In my opinion, food & fuel prices are as uncontrollable by RBI as 'atrocities against women' or 'Vitamin D deficiency in kids'. What then is the real purpose served by tight monetary policies? Is it the core inflation (other than food or fuel) or is it to manage inflationary expectations? Whatever be the case, there ought to be clarity on the drivers for policy decisions.
But I have another more important question. "Is food inflation really bad?" Most of us have economic dictums hard wired in our mind, since we studied Economics books of Milton Friedman and others at college. For instance, inflation is a demon that needs to be exorcised and tight money and high interest are the weapons for the same. When everybody from World Bank, global rating agencies, policy makers and government subscribe to the same theory about inflation and tight money, my argument may sound like heresy. It still deserves a patient hearing.
Most economists theorised the backdrop of early industrialisation where a few producers were exploiting a large number of consumers and making abnormal inventory profit. Inflation was a tax on the poor, dwindling their real income. However, food inflation situation in India is very different.
There are large numbers of fragmented small farmers who produce more than what they consume and actually benefit from inventory profit. It is the urban middle class that suffers. As all journalists live in urban areas, the subject gets unduly highlighted in the media. All of us know about the political upheaval caused by onion prices touching Rs 100/kg. However, the flipside of it did not get much publicity. When onion prices plummeted to Rs 1/kg, many farmers were driven to commit suicide. In fact, most farmer suicides have been driven by glut and steep drop in food prices. Therefore, if food inflation is the subject matter of monetary policy, RBI would be expected to contain the damage from food deflation driving farmers to penury and suicide.
It would be a subject matter of a different discussion, but the reality is that artificially low food inflation in the last six decades in India is the key reason for famers to perpetuate in poverty. Consider the paradox that farmer's per capita income has become one-third of his counterpart working in the industries or services since Independence, when every government and every budget has had subsidies and more than proportionate allocation for farmer and agriculture. Just as food and fuel inflation are beyond the control of monetary policy, so is the fall in their prices or deflation. If global crude prices fall and food inflation is lower due to the elevated base of last 3 years, we may well see headline inflation numbers falling. It would be a comedy of errors to attribute the same to the monetary policy. On the other hand, if it really affects growth, investment and thereby denies or delays job opportunities to millions, it would be a tragedy of errors for the nation.
I strongly feel that this is the opportune time for the interest rate cut to happen because global commodity prices have fallen, domestic core inflation is down, fiscal and current account deficits are trending down and sentiment for investment is improving. Bank credit growth has fallen below 10% per annum and investment cycle has practically collapsed.
When the current RBI governor took charge, his brilliant masterstroke and a calculated gamble of allowing FCNR B deposits did the magic. Everyone agrees that the move was the game changer and one of key building blocks for today's optimism. Today, Indian economy seems set to accelerate and rate cut is the timely impetus it needs.
Author is Chairman, India Infoline
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold prices fall further in Asia as strong dollar prospect weighsSep 29, 2014, 10.09 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold prices fall further in Asia as strong dollar prospect weighs
Gold prices fall further in Asia as strong dollar prospect weighs
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold prices fall further in Asia as strong dollar prospect weighs
Gold prices fall further in Asia as strong dollar prospect weighs
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices eased further in Asia on Monday as investors expect continued dollar strength on an expected Federal REserve rate hike sometime next year.
On the Comex, gold futures for December delivery traded at $1,217.80 a troy ounce, down 0.08%.
Last week, gold futures ended close to their lowest levels of the year as the U.S. dollar notched up its eleventh consecutive week of gains, hitting investor demand for the precious metal.
A stronger U.S. dollar usually weighs on gold, as it dampens the metal's appeal as an alternative asset and makes dollar-priced commodities more expensive for holders of other currencies.
The dollar was boosted after the Commerce Department reported that U.S. gross domestic product was revised up to 4.6% in the three months to June from a previous estimate of 4.2%. It was the fastest rate of expansion since the fourth quarter of 2011.
The upbeat data added to the view that the strengthening economic recovery may prompt the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates sooner than markets are expecting.
Expectations for higher interest rates going forward are considered bearish for gold, as the precious metal struggles to compete with yield-bearing assets when rates are on the rise.
Investors will be looking ahead to Friday's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for further indications on the strength of the economic recovery, after August's report fell short of expectations
Also on the Comex, silver for December delivery fell 0.45% to $17.545 an ounce. Comex copper for December delivery was flat at $3.038 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Mars mission aids Indias poorSeptember 28, 2014 5:22 pm
The Mars mission benefits India as much as clean water
By Gurcharan Das
Nation-building entails the memory of heroic achievements such as this, writes Gurcharan Das
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b167f7c-4572-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ashraf Ghani to be sworn in as new Afghan PresidentUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:14 IST
Ashraf Ghani sworn in as Afghanistan President
Agencies
Reuters Afghanistan's new President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai (L) stands next to Afghanistan's Chief Justice Abdul Salam Azimi as he takes the oath during his inauguration as president in Kabul.
AP Afghan President-elect Ashraf Ghani
TOPICS
government
Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai has been sworn in as Afghanistan’s new President, replacing Hamid Karzai in the country’s first democratic transfer of power since the 2001 U.S-led invasion toppled the Taliban.
He became President of Afghanistan in a peaceful transition Monday after a six-month election season that ended with marathon negotiations that gave the newly created position of chief executive to his challenger Abdullah Abdullah.
Mr. Karzai had been Afghanistan’s only leader since 2001.
“I swear in the name of God the almighty to obey and support Islam, and the constitution,” Mr. Ghani said in the official oath. “I will protect the national sovereignty.”
Two vice presidents were also sworn in.
Nearly 1,400 national and international dignitaries, including more than 200 delegates from the US, China, Pakistan, India and other countries, participated in the ceremony, Xinhua reported.
Security personnel were deployed along the roads leading to Kabul to check all cars and vehicles entering the city.
Afghanistan has now experienced its first-ever peaceful power transition in its history as outgoing President Hamid Karzai transfers power to the new President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai.
AP reports:
Violence ahead of inauguration
Security officials in Afghanistan say militants have carried out two attacks just ahead of the presidential inauguration.
In the eastern province of Paktia, Capt. Mohammed Hekhlas said that a car bomb exploded on Monday near a government compound as gunmen attacked, sparking a gun battle that killed seven Taliban militants. Another police official, who gave his name as Azimullah, said four police and two civilians also were killed.
In Kabul, where the city is readying for the presidential inauguration, a roadside bomb exploded on the airport road. Officials said no one was hurt or killed.
The road links the airport with the presidential palace, where Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai will be sworn in as president later Monday, capping an election marred by fraud allegations and resolved by a unity government pledge.

O. Panneerselvam to be Tamil Nadu s new chief ministerO. Panneerselvam to be Tamil Nadu's new Chief Minister
By ANI | ANI –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014
Print
Chennai, Sept. 28 (ANI): All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) Members of Legislative Assembly (MLAs) on Sunday selected Tamil Nadu Finance Minister O. Panneerselvam as the new chief minister of the state, according to sources.
Panneerselvam will succeed J. Jayalalithaa who stands disqualified as the state's chief minister after she was convicted yesterday by a special court in Bangalore in connection with an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case, and was sentenced to serve four years in jail and asked to pay Rs.100 crores as fine.
Panneerselvam's selection was made at a meeting of AIADMK MLAs held earlier today.
He has now left the AIADMK office and will reportedly be going to the Raj Bhawan to meet the state's Governor K. Rosiah.
He had earlier been Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu and was also chairman of the Periakulam municipality in 1996. (ANI)
Recommend

SoftBank  playing the market© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e51df9bc-3d73-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PowerYourTrade subscription rates to go up from Oct 1PowerYourTrade Offers to You
Power Calls
Get trading calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Multi Baggers
Our experts panel will help you to get you those life-changing stocks, tomorrow's bluechips today. Find hidden gems that will gain steadily, and safely here.
Commodity Calls
Get commodity calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Heard on the Street
Our correspondents bring news to your computer screens and mobile phones. Get the buzz here before anyone hears of it.
Stock Signs
Our Research department tracks the market through the hours to unearth stocks poised to move.
Market Outlook
Read where the experts see the market levels moving in the near term.
© 2014 PowerYourTrade.com India. All Rights Reserved.
A Web18 Venture.

Alibaba closes at $93.89 in NYSE debutAlibaba closes at $93.89 in NYSE debut
By Nicole Bullock and Eric Platt in New York and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8150f416-4002-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba  From FOMO to FOGI© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/cecb939e-4166-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No Other Developed Country Creates Low-Paying Jobs Quite Like The U.S.reddit
America may be exceptional in many ways, but it also tops the charts of a new, troubling ranking.
The U.S. has more low-paying jobs than any other country in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, an economic group of 34 developed countries, according to a research note released by Morgan Stanley on Monday.
Economists Ellen Zentner and Paula Campbell based their analysis on the OECD Economic Outlook Report , which documents employment and labor trends in each member nation.
The OECD defines "low-paying" as jobs that earn less than two-thirds of a country's median income. On average, around 16 percent of jobs in OECD countries are considered low-paying. In the U.S., over 25 percent of all jobs qualify as such.
See the chart below, from Morgan Stanley:
The ranking reflects America's problem with income equality. Even though the U.S. has one of the highest household median incomes in the world (about $44,000 compared to roughly $10,000 worldwide), there's a wide gulf between those making much more than the median income and those making much less.
According to the Morgan Stanley economists, income inequality is stifling U.S. economic growth because low-income Americans aren't able to spend enough to boost the greater economy. Wages will need to rise so that households can buy more things.
"Stronger growth in wages and salaries is essential," wrote Zentner and Campbell. "It would help households spend more broadly across the income spectrum."
The OECD recommends that all its members have a "sensible" minimum wage, increase progressive taxation and "scale up" in-work benefits to address income inequality.
More:

Wall St rallies strongly after sharp fallWall St rallies strongly after sharp fall
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b57a1c2-4527-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India is a long-term bet  but only with good policies and economic support  says Rajeev BhamanIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Chief Investment Officer Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life InsuranceExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Ritu Arora is a founder member.She has over 16 years of experience and has been in the insurance sector ever since it opened up to private players. Prior to her current role, Ritu was heading the Investment function at MetLife India Insurance. Ritu has played a key role in launching and taking Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance from strength to strength. As the Chief Investments Officer, she has successfully established and developed the Investments function, with the objective of maximizing shareholder and policyholder return. She leads a team of highly qualified and motivated fund managers and analysts. The company has delivered strong and consistent fund performance across all unit-linked portfolios and demonstrates strong CAGR outperformance over benchmarks. Ritu also has the additional responsibility of the Procurements function. Her focus is to centralize the function, deliver end-to-end vendor experience and management. Ritu is a Post Graduate in Management from S.P. Jain Institute of Management and Research, and has completed ICWAI (Institute of Cost and Works Accountants), securing all India 32nd rank. She is also a University Gold medalist.
ABOUT Ritu Arora
Ritu Arora is a founder member.She has over 16 years of experience and has been in the insurance sector ever since it opened up to private players. Prior to her current role, Ritu was heading the Investment function at MetLife India Insurance. Ritu has played a key role in launching and taking Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance from strength to strength. As the Chief Investments Officer, she has successfully established and developed the Investments function, with the objectiv...

Sensex ends six weeks of winning streak on FII sellingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Neutral on R-Power  target Rs 67E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Add Wipro  valuations still to catch upE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sebi notifies REITs norms: 7 top points explainedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex soars 157 pts as S&P raises India s outlookE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian markets can generate $3-tn wealth in 10 years: BJP MP Jayant SinhaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mangalore Chem surges 20% as Deepak Fert ups open offer priceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Will Gross turn out as a fox or hedgehogBond market asks if Gross will turn out to be a fox or a hedgehog
By John Authers
Investors ask if he can repeat his skill at handling the bull market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/394a5c8e-4584-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors shun eurozone equity fundsInvestors shun eurozone equity funds
By Ralph Atkins in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d92eff8-4594-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

L&T Finance aims to expand MFI portfolio fivefoldL&T Finance aims to expand MFI portfolio fivefold
Somasroy Chakraborty |  Sep 27, 2014 09:09 PM IST
L&T Finance, a subsidiary of L&T Finance Holdings, is targeting a fivefold increase in its microfinance loan portfolio in the next 24-30 months. The company had scaled down this business following the crisis in Andhra Pradesh’s microfinance sector in October, 2010.
“We started the microfinance business in 2008 and scaled it up to Rs 700 crore before the crisis. Currently, our microfinance portfolio is a little over Rs 400 crore. There is strong demand for micro-loans and we expect our portfolio to touch Rs 2,000 crore in the next two to two and a half years,” Dinanath Dubhashi, managing director and chief executive of L&T Finance, told Business Standard.
A crisis had hit the microfinance sector after the Andhra Pradesh government introduced a new law, restricting private players from offering micro-loans in the state. The legislation affected loan recoveries, impacted the profitability of microfinance firms and eroded investors’ confidence in the sector.
Currently, L&T Finance offers micro-loans across six states—Gujarat, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Odisha, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal. The company has joined hands with Institute for Financial Management and Research to offer such loans in Uttarakhand, too. L&T Finance also plans to start microfinance operations in Kerala and Madhya Pradesh in the coming months.
The company has written-off its entire microfinance loan book in Andhra Pradesh.
“Currently, we are lending Rs 100 crore (of micro-loans) a month. The repayment rate is about 100 per cent. We are also open to inorganic growth opportunities, including acquisition of microfinance companies,” Dubhashi said, adding L&T Finance hadn’t identified any acquisition target in the microfinance space yet.
It is unlikely L&T Finance will opt for a non-banking financial company-MFI licence. According to Reserve Bank of India guidelines, if a financial services firm does not convert itself into an NBFC-MFI, its loans to the microfinance sector cannot exceed 10 per cent of its total assets.
Separately, Dubhashi said L&T Finance had trimmed its commercial equipment and commercial vehicle (CE & CV) financing business due to a rise in bad loans amid the uncertain macroeconomic environment.
“We are hardly doing any additional business in CE & CV financing. There was a time when we used to lend Rs 300-400 a month. Now, it is only a fraction of that. There aren’t many good opportunities in the market and the repayment record has not been satisfactory through the past couple of years,” he said.

HK group launches civil disobedience campaignHK group launches civil disobedience campaign
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e1cf404-459d-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watch 150 Tiny Sea Turtles Make Their First Run Into Ocean Watersreddit
Baby sea turtles hatch on land and must immediately make for the ocean. It can be a long and perilous crawl , but sometimes they get a helping hand.
On the tiny Lankayan Island, located off the coast of Malaysian Borneo, groups of tourists and conservation experts bring buckets of hatchling sea turtles to the water's edge and watch as the animals race down the beach to get their flippers wet for their first time.
Vimeo user Leon Duplay in August captured footage one of these magical events and recently posted the video online. It's a pretty adorable sight.
Lankayan is part of the Sugud Islands Marine Conservation Area , a preservation project that covers an area of 288 square miles in the Sulu Sea. It is also home to the Lankayan Island Resort , which offers tourists the option of witnessing protected sea turtles nest, hatch and make their first foray into the ocean.
The World Wildlife Fund lists most sea turtle species as either endangered or critically endangered and names the destruction of nesting beaches as one of the biggest threats to the turtles' survival.
The fund also suggests that the support of ecotourism, which the Sugud conservation area is known for and the hatchlings' photography-happy friends seem to be taking part in, could have a major impact in pushing the species back from the brink.

Islamic State Defies AirstrikesIslamic State Shells Syrian Kurdish Town, Defying Air Strikes
Reuters
* IS pounded again in northern Syria
* Group presses attack on strategic border town
* Turkey says its troops could be used in Syria     (Adds monitoring group on IS casualties, 9th paragraph)
By Mariam Karouny and Jonny Hogg
BEIRUT/MURSITPINAR, Turkey, Sept 27 (Reuters) - New U.S.-led  air strikes against Islamic State fighters failed to stop them  from pressing their assault on a strategic Syrian town near the  Turkish border on Saturday, hitting it with shell fire for the  first time.
The U.S. Central Command said the air strikes destroyed an  IS building and two armed vehicles near the border town of  Kobani, which the insurgents have been besieging for the past 10  days.
It said an airfield, garrison and training camp near the IS  stronghold of Raqqa were also among the targets damaged in seven  air strikes conducted by the United States, Saudi Arabia, Jordan  and the United Arab Emirates, using fighter planes and remotely  piloted aircraft.
Three air strikes in Iraq destroyed four IS armed vehicles  and a "fighting position" southwest of Arbil, Centcom said.
The United States has been carrying out strikes in Iraq  since Aug. 8 and in Syria, with the help of Arab allies, since  Tuesday, in a campaign it says is aimed at "degrading and  destroying" the Islamist militants who have captured swathes of  both countries.
A day after the UK parliament voted to allow British  warplanes to attack IS in Iraq, two British fighter jets flew a  mission over the country, the Ministry of Defense said, adding  they had gathered intelligence but did not carry out air  strikes.
IS, which swept across northern Iraq in June, has proclaimed  an Islamic "caliphate," beheaded Western hostages and ordered  Shi'ites and non-Muslims to convert or die. Its rise has  prompted President Barack Obama to order U.S. forces back into  Iraq, which they left in 2011, and to go into action over Syria  for the first time.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group  that supports opposition forces fighting Syrian President Bashar  al-Assad, said Saturday's air strikes set off more than 30  explosions in Raqqa.
Rami Abdulrahman, who runs the British-based Observatory,  said 23 Islamic State fighters were killed. He said the heaviest  casualties were inflicted in attacks on an airport.
But the monitoring group said IS was still able to shell  eastern parts of Kobani, wounding several people, in a sign that  its fighters were drawing closer. The insurgents' offensive  against the Kurdish town, also known as Ayn al-Arab, has  prompted around 150,000 refugees to pour across the border into  Turkey since last week.
ERDOGAN SHIFT
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan signaled a shift in  Ankara's position by saying for the first time that Turkish  troops could be used to help set up a secure zone in Syria, if  there was international agreement to establish one as a haven  for those fleeing the fighting.
Turkey has so far declined to take a frontline role in the  U.S.-led coalition against IS, but Erdogan told the Hurriyet  newspaper: "The logic that assumes Turkey would not take a  position militarily is wrong."
He said negotiations were under way to determine how and by  which countries the air strikes and a potential ground operation  would be undertaken, and that Turkey was ready to take part.
"You can't finish off such a terrorist organization only  with air strikes. Ground forces are complementary ... You have  to look at it as a whole. Obviously I'm not a soldier but the  air (operations) are logistical. If there's no ground force, it  would not be permanent," he said.
Turkish officials near the Syrian border said IS fighters  battling Kurdish forces for Kobani sent four mortar shells into  Turkish territory, wounding two people.
One of the shells hit a minibus near Tavsanli, a Turkish  village within sight of Kobani. A large hole was visible in the  rear of the vehicle.
"Two people were injured in the face when the minibus was  hit. If they'd been 3 meters (10 feet) closer to the car, many  people would have died," said Abuzer Kelepce, a provincial  official from the pro-Kurdish party HDP.
Heavy weapons fire was audible, and authorities blocked off  the road towards the border.
"The situation has intensified since the morning. We are not  letting anyone through right now because it is not secure at  all. There is constant fighting, you can hear it," the official  said.
Kobani sits on a road linking north and northwestern Syria.  IS militants were repulsed by local forces, backed by Kurdish  fighters from Turkey, when they tried to take it in July, and  that failure has so far prevented them from consolidating their  gains in the region.
COALITION WIDENS
Syria's government, which in the past accused its opponents  of being Western agents trying to topple Assad, has not objected  to the U.S.-led air strikes, saying it was informed by  Washington before they began.
It too has carried out air strikes across the country,  including in the east, and its ground forces have recaptured the  town of Adra, northeast of Damascus, tightening Assad's grip on  territory around the capital.
But Russia has questioned the legality of U.S. and Arab  state air strikes in Syria because they were carried out without  the approval of Damascus, Moscow's ally.
General Martin Dempsey, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of  Staff, said on Friday that this week's strikes in Syria had  disrupted Islamic State's command, control and logistics  capabilities. But he said a Western-backed opposition force of  12,000 to 15,000 would be needed to retake areas of eastern  Syria controlled by the militants.     (Reporting by Mariam Karouny; additional reporting by Michele  Kambas; writing by Mark Trevelyan; editing by Jason Neely)
More:

An association that cost Jayalalithaa dearUpdated: September 27, 2014 23:37 IST
An association that cost Jayalalithaa dear
K. Venkataramanan
The Hindu Friends since the early 1980s, Jayalalithaa and Sasikala have by and large been all-weather friends. File photo
TOPICS
political development
V.K. Sasikala was accused of functioning as an 'extra-constitutional' power
Saturday’s verdict confirmed the fears of every well-wisher and loyalist of AIADMK leader J. Jayalalithaa: that her close association with a family hailing from Mannargudi in central Tamil Nadu would one day jeopardise her political career.
Those familiar with events during Ms. Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as Chief Minister (1991-96) will recall that the main charge against that regime was that V.K. Sasikala was functioning as an “extra-constitutional” power and that her relatives were on a property-buying spree across the State.
Friends since the early 1980s, when Ms. Jayalalithaa was the party’s propaganda secretary, the duo have by and large been all-weather friends. They were seen together at party conferences, public functions and election campaigns. Ms. Sasikala has been a resident of Ms. Jayalalithaa’s home for many years, and during that term, eight of her relatives were also with them. One of Ms. Sasikala’s nephews, V. Bhaskaran, promoted a television channel and another, V.N. Sudhakaran, was declared as Ms. Jayalalithaa’s foster son.
 It was media coverage of Mr. Sudhakaran’s lavish wedding in September 1995 that caused much public revulsion for the way in which wealth was flaunted. Such was the public anger that the AIADMK lost all the 39 Lok Sabha seats and won just four Assembly constituencies in the 1996 general elections.
Short-lived separation
Shortly after the electoral rout, Ms. Jayalalithaa declared that she was formally disassociating herself from Ms. Sasikala and her family. She disowned her foster son too, and announced that she would abjure jewellery for the rest of her life.
The Enforcement Directorate was the first agency to crack down on the activities of Ms. Sasikala. Mr. Bhaskaran was arrested for foreign exchange violations in hiring transponders for his channel. In June 1996, Ms. Sasikala herself was arrested for controversial foreign exchange transactions and she was later detained under COFEPOSA. A third nephew, T.T.V. Dinakaran, was also arrested on similar charges and detained under COFEPOSA.
However, after Ms. Sasikala was released from prison, she and Ms. Jayalalithaa reunited. But Ms. Sasikala’s husband, M. Natarajan, a former state government public relations officer, was anathema to Ms. Jayalalithaa, who believed that Mr. Natarajan had ambitions of leadership.
Despite the reunion, Ms. Jayalalithaa jettisoned the Sasikala family for a second time in December 2011. She expelled Ms Sasikala and a dozen of her family members from the party on the suspicion that Mr. Natarajan and others were plotting to take over the AIADMK. Their expulsion caused great excitement among party cadre who had always thought Ms. Jayalalithaa’s association with the Mannargudi family boded ill for her. However, this separation also lasted only a little over 100 days, as Ms. Jayalalithaa accepted a contrite appeal from her friend to forgive her and take her back as her friend. 
 A large portion of the assets for which Ms. Jayalalithaa was hauled up in courts belonged to businesses and firms floated by Ms. Sasikala and her friends in the early 1990s. The prosecution has now successfully demonstrated that these were shell companies used to launder ill-gotten money and presented as business income to the authorities.

Must quit as Chief Minister  cant contest 2016 electionPrint
AIADMK leaders squat on the road to the prison where Jayalalithaa was taken on Saturday.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:37 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:08 am
The Supreme Court had in July 2013 struck down Section 8(4) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, which protected convicted MPs and MLAs from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
Jayalalithaa’s conviction has become the latest focal point of a landmark Supreme Court verdict, which ruled that MPs and MLAs will be immediately disqualified if they are convicted in a criminal case by a trial court.
Jayalalithaa has to step down as the chief minister and is barred from contesting an election for six years after her release from the jail, if her conviction is neither stayed nor overturned by a superior court. The next state assembly election is due in 2016.
The Supreme Court had in July 2013 struck down Section 8(4) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, which protected convicted MPs and MLAs from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
Therefore, as the legal position stands today, Jayalalithaa stands disqualified as a legislator owing to her conviction in the case of amassing assets disproportionate to her known sources of income.
The Representation of the People Act does not specifically bar a non-legislator to be chief minister and usually a non-member can be a CM for a maximum of six months. However, in 2001, when Jayalalithaa was appointed as the CM despite a subsisting conviction in a criminal case, the SC had quashed her appointment. The SC had then held that a person convicted for a criminal offence and sentenced to imprisonment for no less than two years cannot be CM.
The combined upshot of the SC rulings in 2001 and 2013 is that a non-member can hold a ministerial berth only if he or she is eligible to contest and not disqualified from contesting. Since Jayalalithaa stands disqualified also for contesting for six years from the date of her release from jail, there is no way she can retain her position as the CM.
As she has been sentenced to four years in jail, there was no power with the trial court judge to suspend her sentence and let her remain out of the jail for enabling her to file an appeal. Jayalalithaa has to be committed to a jail in Bangalore but she may seek her transfer to a jail in Tamil Nadu since the only reason the case was shifted to Bangalore was to ensure a fair trial, which has now been concluded.
Jayalalithaa will have to file an appeal before the Tamil Nadu continued…

S&P Upgrade  PM Modi s US Visit to Improve Market SentimentThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The week ahead could see improvement in sentiments after the pull-back rally led by the S&P raising India's sovereign credit rating to 'stable' from 'negative'. The other sentiment driver is the Prime Minister Modi's visit to the US which started over the weekend.
After rallying for six consecutive weeks, the Indian equity markets have finally cooled off from its all-time peak. Foreign Institutional Investor selling, weakness of the Indian rupee against the US Dollar, Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations and deferment of the new gas pricing dampened the sentiment on the street. If that was not enough, fresh short positions and higher degree of short rolls in the banking and oil & gas sectors led to the September series ending in the red; something which has happened for the first time in seven months.
Looking ahead the coming week promises to be full of action. The interest rate sensitive stocks will be in focus, ahead of the RBI policy meet which is scheduled to be held on September 30. In addition, fiscal deficit data for the month of August will also be closely watched.
Technically the Nifty has managed to close above the 50 dma (day moving average) at 7885 and now on the upside has to close above 8030 for resumption of the uptrend. The bank nifty also managed to close above its breakout level and if it can sustain over 15650 then we could see levels of 16200 in the coming week.
In the week ended Friday, 26 September 2014, the 30-share S&P BSE Sensex fell 464.06 points or 1.71 per cent to 26,626.32. The 50-unit CNX Nifty slipped 152.60 points or 1.88 per cent to 7,968.85. The high beta 'bank nifty' was down 3.37 per cent, while the CNX Metal Index was down 4.81 per cent. The worst performer was the CNX PSU Bank Index down 6.81 per cent for the week. The outperformance came from the CNX FMCG Index which ended the week with gains of 2.05 per cent.
Tracking the top 3 gainers on the Nifty were ITC up 3.4%, HCL Tech up 2.4 per cent and ONGC up 2 per cent, while the top 3 losers were JSPL down 12.7 per cent, BHEL down 9.3 per cent and PNB down 8.5 per cent.
Globally, Dow Jones Index and Nasdaq Index saw volatile movements as most investors turned vary on the uncomfortable valuations being attached to the much in demand 'e-commerce' and 'social-media' sector, which actually bore the brunt of the selling this week. Oil prices were range-bound while gold prices moved up as a natural corollary to weakness in equities.
The key other than Prime Minister Modi's visit to the US is the RBI policy meet which can actually improve investor and corporate sentiment by reducing the 'repo' or reducing the CRR (cash reserve ratio).
The investors can do well by buying some of the PSU banks which have fallen more than justified and which could do well in the coming quarter on the back of improvement in corporate spending and rise in individual spending which will increase credit demand.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 12:00 (IST)

Savvy retail investors can t get enough of equitiesSavvy retail investors can't get enough of equities
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 12:18 AM IST
Indian investors are returning to financial assets — slowly but steadily. A large proportion of investments that went into physical assets such as gold or riskier assets such as commodities futures are being withdrawn since October last year. Investors are pulling their money out of bond funds, commodities and rebalancing their portfolios.
In 2011-12, commodity futures turnover hit a high of Rs 179 lakh crore. That has fallen 66 per cent to Rs 61 lakh crore in 2014-15 (on an annualised basis). Nitin Jain, head of capital markets at Edelweiss Financial Services, says: “Prices of commodities have declined globally, and so has investor interest. This trend is reflected in India as well.”
Equities have gained the most from this shift. Retail investors are far more active in September this year than in last. Compared with the previous year, gross retail turnover on BSE (equities) has risen 77 per cent to Rs 3,267 crore.
It is not only the so-called Modi effect with a change in government at the Centre that is driving this shift. Physical assets tend to perform well in the inflationary situation, but with prices showing signs of ebbing, financial assets have started delivering better returns. Analysts expect the share of retail investors in equities, which had fallen from eight per cent to the current six per cent, to return to earlier levels, as investor interest remains strong.
Such is the investor bullishness that the long-short funds are not seeing investor interest, as most believe the Indian markets are heading for a secular rise.
The retail investor has been a net investor in equities since June this year. In July, retail investors put Rs 10,800 crore into equities - that is 80 per cent of all investments made by foreign institutional investments, according to Citi.
Edelweiss' Jain says: "India has seen high rates of inflation in the past five years, so a lot of investments went into real assets, but commodities are now cooling off." There is evidence in the mutual fund flows. Twenty-seven per cent of the Rs 10 lakh crore of total assets managed by the mutual fund industry is in equities. This is nearly at an all-time high, explains Jain.
While the sentiment has turned positive, the government, too, has taken certain measures that have had a beneficial impact on equities. In the Union Budget earlier this year, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley changed the taxation policy on fixed-income maturity plans and short-term bond funds. These are now taxed at 33 per cent and the long-term capital will accrue only after three years. This has inadvertently benefitted equities, as a lot of investors are of the opinion that equities will deliver better returns over a three-year timeframe.
According to Umang Papneja, chief investment officer, IIFL Wealth Management, between 2008 and 2013, the proportion of money allocated to equities fell 10-15 per cent from 30-40 per cent in the heyday. The money pulled out of equities went into fixed income and real estate. Since October last year, high-networth individuals (HNIs) have been coming back to equities, as the conviction is returning. Equity allocations have again risen to 30-40 per cent of portfolios, explains Papneja.
Data collated by 13 large mutual fund distributors show that HNIs put in Rs 8,400 crore on a net basis between April and August.
It is not equities alone, bank deposits have also emerged favourites. In September, deposits have grown 13.8 per cent.
Real estate investment, however, is coming off. While commercial real estate might do well going forward, it is not seeing big investments yet. Alternative investment funds have been launched but allocation to these has been little. IIFL, which had launched long-only alternating funds, raised Rs 800 crore for one such fund. But that was much smaller than the Rs 8,000 crore raised from equity.
As far as physical realty market is concerned, it has slowed down considerably. Indian HNIs have traditionally had an affinity for real estate as an asset class. However, Vishal Malik of Coldwell Banker India, a real estate broking franchise, says: "Physical assets comprising gold and realty dominate the asset allocation of HNIs and financial assets such as equities, bonds and fixed deposits contribute to only 20-30 per cent. Going forward at an HNI level, there is no dramatic shift in asset allocation to realty expected as their exposure is already high. In the next one or two years, money can be expected to move to equity as that is an asset class they are under-invested in."
Going forward, wealth managers do not expect residential real estate to deliver the kind of returns seen over the last few years. Within real estate, commercial may do better than residential as prices have fallen sharply for this category and no new supply has come into the market for many years.
BACK TO EQUITIES
Futures trading turnover in commodities down 66 per cent in FY15 (on an annualised basis) from a high of Rs 179 lakh crore seen in FY12
The gross retail turnover on BSE in equities is up 77 per cent to Rs 3,267 crore compared to last year
HNIs on a net basis have put Rs 8,400 crore between April-August 2014
Equity assets at 27 per cent of the mutual funds industry's total assets close to previous highs
HNI interest in residential real estate waning, as physical assets are expected to underperform

Japan volcano: More than 30 believed deadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sikh-Americans ask Narendra Modi to resolve their passport  visa issuesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi talks  strong SAARC  with Mahinda Rajapaksa  Sheikh Hasina and Sushil KoiralaPM Narendra Modi talks 'strong SAARC' with Mahinda Rajapaksa, Sheikh Hasina and Sushil Koirala
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 28 2014, 15:01  IST
Sep 28 2014, 15:01  IST
 

Right time to go for stock picking: IDFC Mutual Fundbull market
("The opportunities for…)
In an interview with ET Now, Kenneth Andrade, CIO, IDFC Mutual Fund, shares his views on the market as well as various sectors and stocks. Excerpts:
Nikunj Dalmia: What is your take on the market, which is 30 per cent up this year? It has been an extraordinary year.
Kenneth Andrade: It has been a great market so far. Purely on the back of incremental liquidity, we are seeing asset markets worldwide doing extremely well. India has been the exception. Also, added to this is the fact that we have had a very positive election outcome and hopefully things will fall into place for the country over the next couple of years.
Nikunj Dalmia: What is your take on valuations? Optically it appears that things are on our side, the macros on our side, oil has fallen down, flows also have been quite supportive, but like they say on Wall Street , good news and good price rarely come together. Right now, news is good, but our prices are also good.
Kenneth Andrade: Our business is very simple. We buy and we sell high after we define where the high is. This year, like you said, the market is up by 30 per cent. Some part of the market overshoots at both extremes. Last year there were no takers and this year there are all takers. I am just putting a caveat out there, saying that we are probably on a way to recovery as an economy. You saw the lows and depths of the market last year. Currently you have seen valuations and prices peak up, and we will also want some part of earnings to actually come back. But it is going to be some time before you can see it across the spectrum of companies, the way the markets have effectively been rallying. So yes , the margin of safety is extremely low at this point in time, and there is a lot of execution risk. You might just get into a couple of portals going into the next couple of quarters.
Nikunj Dalmia: Do you think we should not feel happy or excited about the current market environment because whereas we are standing tall, the truth is that other global markets are also sitting at a record high?
Kenneth Andrade: The Indian markets are up because earnings are expected to catch up. We are, in fact, expecting the earnings to catch up over the next couple of years. The second moot point that we also have to notice is, probably this entire chase for yields, which global liquidity has provided, actually pushed earning yields or equity earning yields down to historical lows and markets would tend to look a little expensive compared to alternative investment opportunities that are available in probably the fixed income market.
So we just need to balance portfolios before we actually nose-dive into the equity markets at this point in time. Of course, the opportunities for companies out of India are extremely high. So it is a good time to go for stock picking and there is a lot of beta in the market. It helps create the first round of wealth or income in the entire system. We will have to make sure that you preserve it into the next couple of years if the environment remains as robust as it is currently.
Nikunj Dalmia: Many experts are of the view that for the Indian markets, a secular structural and inevitable bull market has started. Are you as optimistic as the aam janta?
Kenneth Andrade: Our entire philosophy is not to look at the numerator. When I say numerator, there are two elements to valuations. One is price and the second is earnings, which we call the PE multiple. Everyone is trying to predict a numerator, which is the price. But the denominator is something which is more predictable. So, I would not want to get into trying to predict where the price is heading and whether the markets are structural bull markets or not.
Nikunj Dalmia: You had a very diversified approach in the past. You have run a very concentrated portfolio. It was centred around consumers, it was centred around the consumption theme. So for the moment, when the Indian economy is on a mend, you should be running a concentrated portfolio. Why are you running a diversified portfolio?
Kenneth Andrade: We are not that diversified in the sense. 35 companies still account for 80 per cent of all the money invested in our portfolios or every individual portfolio that we run. So we are fairly concentrated by that norm. We do not have an overwhelming bias on any particular part of the economy. That comes from the fact that as we continue to go forward, you will have a number of emerging opportunities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa to move Karnataka HC for bailJayalalithaa to move Karnataka HC for bail
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore/ Chennai, Sept 28:  
Lawyers for jailed AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa will move the Karnataka High Court tomorrow for bail for her, while they were also finalising a strategy for seeking a stay on her conviction and sentence in the disproportionate assets case.
“We will be filing a bail application in the Karnataka High Court tomorrow,” B Kumar, Senior Counsel for the 66-year-old leader, told PTI today, a day after a Special Court sentenced her to four years in jail that immediately disqualified her from being an MLA.
But it may be taken up only on Tuesday when there is a scheduled hearing by a vacation bench because the High Court will observe holidays from September 29 to August 6 for Dasara.
A battery of lawyers were giving final touches to their legal strategy in seeking immediate relief for Jayalalithaa, who has been convicted by Special Judge John Michael D’Cunha and sentenced to four years' imprisonment in the Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case.
Since the sentencing was for a period of more than three years, only the High Court can grant bail in Jayalalithaa’s case.
Kumar said a team of lawyers were holding discussions on filing a petition seeking stay of conviction and also the sentence awarded to Jayalalithaa in the 18-year-old case.
The criminal revision petition is one of the options before the lawyers, who would like to secure an immediate stay on the conviction and the sentencing.
A stay on the conviction, which superior courts are said to be normally reluctant to grant in a corruption case, would nullify the disqualification as MLA, which the AIADMK leader has suffered with yesterday’s judgement.
Unless the conviction is overturned by a superior court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years when she is in jail and six years after release.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Kishore Biyani questions rationale of investments in e-commerce spaceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi to meet Netanyahu in New York today.Press Trust of India | Jerusalem | Posted: September 28, 2014 4:47 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu today in New York to discuss ways to step up bilateral relations in a range of areas like defence and trade ties.
“We attach immense importance to our ties with India and see this meeting as very important,” a source in the Israeli government said here.
Netanyahu is scheduled to arrive in New York later today to attend UN General Assembly. Modi is already in the city and had made his first address to the UN body yesterday.
The two leaders had earlier exchanged greetings after BJP’s victory in the last general elections, vowing to strengthen ties.
Modi will also meet an influential American Jewish group which had congratulated him soon after his electoral victory.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj will also hold bilateral talks with her Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman next week in New York.
Israeli businessmen recall the warm welcome they received in Gujarat when Modi was the state’s Chief Minister and expressed hopes that it will be replicated nationwide following his ascendance in Delhi.

PM Modi s US Visit to Boost Fund Inflows: Reliance MFThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US to boost bilateral ties and deepen economic relations will give a fillip to investment flows from institutional investors into the Indian markets, says a top Indian fund house Reliance Mutual Fund.
"I believe that the investors who have been sitting on the fence and those looking for an emerging market opportunity would now begin putting their money directly into India, while funds from other emerging markets are also likely to be reallocated to our markets," Reliance MF CEO and mutual fund industry body AMFI's chairman Sundeep Sikka said.
Mr Sikka, who was here to attend India Investment Forum organised by Institutional Investor Forums ahead of Prime Minister Modi's 5-day US visit from September 26-30, said that he saw a huge interest among the investor community here for Indian markets.
"At this point of time, we believe that the Prime Minister's visit and the prevailing positivity about India will turn into good flows into Indian markets from institutional investors," Mr Sikka told PTI.
He said: "A lot of people have been looking at India and now we will see actual money also flowing into India. Till now a lot of money came into India through ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds), but specially the larger investors will now come and start investing through the local players.
When asked what could be the quantum of funds that might come into the Indian markets, the Reliance MF chief said it was difficult to put a number, but it will be much more than the current numbers.
When asked what all would attract investors to India, in addition to good returns, Mr Sikka said: "What we are seeing is that for institutional investors, the best thing is that when they see an opportunity, they see an upside. Now, a lot of things are falling in place for India."
Mr Sikka added: "A lot of people who were underweight on India for a long time, they will now start coming to India. It's not only the returns, but India is coming up very strongly on relative basis to other emerging markets. I think, that is one of the best things.
"When someone takes an option on India, then they have broadly two options -- either come through ETFs or come directly through investing in mutual funds or at least are advised by asset managers in India.
"One trend that we are seeing during our meetings is that a lot of institutional investors had teams based out of New York managing their funds in India, but now they see an opportunity in taking their money to onshore fund managers and directly go to the market."
Mr Sikka also praised capital market regulator Sebi for making it easier for portfolio managers sitting outside India to have local onshore fund managers to advise foreign investors.
Mr Sikka further said that an overseas fund can now directly invest in an Indian market through an international fund and rather than setting up an office here, it can directly invest in a mutual fund scheme in India.
"Sebi has made things so simple now. Today, the investor interest is there, returns are there and positive views are there in favour of India and all this would certainly have a major impact on fund flows," he added.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 17:09 (IST)

Jayalalithaa to move Karnataka High Court seeking bail  stay on conviction in DA caseSep 28, 2014 at  03:31pm IST
Jayalalithaa to move Karnataka High Court seeking bail, stay on conviction in DA case
18
2
Chennai: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa who has been jailed for four years after a special court convicted her in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case will move Karnataka High Court on Monday seeking bail, said her advocate B Kumar.
The AIADMK chief, who has bee fined Rs 100 crore, will also seek stay on the conviction against her.
A special court in Bangalore had on Saturday delivered the landmark judgement in the 18-year-old corruption case, convicting Jayalalithaa, her former foster son VN Sudhakaran, close aide Sasikala and her relative Ilavarasi.
Incidents of violence have been reported from across the state following 'Amma's' conviction.
#jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #bail #conviction
As Jayalalithaa heads to prison, stepping down as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, the AIADMK MLAs will meet on Sunday evening to decide candidate for the coveted post. Some of the names of Jayalalithaa's cabinet ministers including O Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan and V Senthil Balaji besides former Chief Secretary and Advisor to Tamil Nadu government, Sheela Balakrishnan are doing the rounds for the top post.
Meanwhile, incidents of violence have been reported from across the state following 'Amma's' conviction. FIRs have been filed against opposition party DMK chief K Karunanidhi and son MK Stalin.
Minor clashes were reported between AIADMK and DMK cadres soon after court announced the verdict. Stone-pelting and torching of public property, attacks on mediapersons and forceful closure of shops occurred across Tamil Nadu on Saturday as mobs reacted to the sentencing of the CM to four years imprisonment by a special court in Bangalore in a graft case.
Protesters went on the rampage in many parts of the state damaging shops.
In Madurai, the stronghold of DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi's son MK Alagiri, AIADMK activists allegedly ransacked vehicles parked on the road, pelted stones and smashed window panes of several vehicles to vent their anger. AIADMK wirkers blocked traffic as well.
5

Lung flute to help COPD patients breathe easier'Lung flute’ to help COPD patients breathe easier
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 28:  
A hand-held respiratory device called ‘lung flute’ can help patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) improve their symptoms and health, a new study, led by an Indian-origin researcher has found.
Usually caused by smoking, COPD, which includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema, is the third leading cause of death in the US.
The Lung Flute, manufactured by Medical Acoustics in Buffalo, uses sound waves to break up mucus in the lungs.
The device allows patients to clear lung mucus simply by blowing into it, which produces a low frequency acoustic wave.
In a 26-week study, researchers found that patients using the Lung Flute experience less difficulty breathing and less coughing and sputum production than a control group, which saw no change in COPD symptoms.
“This study confirms that the Lung Flute improves symptoms and health status in COPD patients, decreasing the impact of the disease on patients and improving their quality of life,” said Sanjay Sethi, principal author of the study and professor and chief, division of pulmonary, critical care and sleep medicine in the Department of Medicine, University at Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences.
The device is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat COPD and other lung diseases characterised by retained secretions and congestion.
Sethi’s colleagues are now studying the Lung Flute for use in improving symptoms in asthma. The device is also being investigated for diagnostic use in tuberculosis and lung cancer.
The study followed 69 patients with COPD for six months; it was conducted at the Veterans Affairs Western New York Healthcare System by researchers at the UB medical school.
Patients answered the Chronic COPD Questionnaire, which assesses changes in COPD symptoms and the St George’s Respiratory Questionnaire, which measures quality of life. On both questionnaires, patients using the Lung Flute reported significant improvements.
In addition, the Body-Mass Index, Airflow Obstruction, Dyspnea and Exercise Capacity (BODE) score was measured repeatedly in the study. “As the disease worsens, the BODE index goes up as it did in the control group. But for patients using the Lung Flute, the BODE index stayed flat,” Sethi said.
Sethi added that the study points to a potential decrease in exacerbations, flare-ups of respiratory symptoms, as a result of using the Lung Flute.
Researchers are planning longer-term studies that will focus specifically on how the device affects exacerbations, a key part of what makes COPD patients sicker and leads to health care utilisation. The study is published in Clinical and Translational Medicine.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Sonia  Rahul to commence 2-day visit to flood-hit J&K tomorrowPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 28, 2014 6:59 pm
Congress president Sonia Gandhi and party vice president Rahul Gandhi will reach out to people in the flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir during their two-day visit starting tomorrow.
“Sonia and Rahul are visiting J&K on a two days visit from tomorrow to meet the flood victims and assess damages caused to public property and infrastructure in worst-ever floods in the state, which has taken a toll on nearly 300 lives,” a senior party official said.
They will be flanked by Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad, AICC (I) General Secretary, In-charge Jammu and Kashmir, Ambika Soni and PCC (I) chief Prof Saif-ud-Din Soz during their visit.
When asked about the programme, Azad said that they are coming on two-days visit to J&K from Monday and their programme is being finalised.
Sonia and Rahul are expected to reach Srinagar tomorrow morning and will visit flood hit areas in Srinagar and South Kashmir in the Valley, besides some relief and rehabilitation camps and interact with flood victims and assess damage caused to houses, commercial establishments and Government infrastructure in the floods.
They will also be briefed by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and Deputy Chief Minister Tara Chand during a meeting in Srinagar.
On September 30, the Gandhis are expected to fly to Poonch border district to meet the affected persons and hold a meeting in Jammu of party functionaries including Ministers.

Now   lung flute  to help COPD patients breathe easierE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lady luck smiles again on PanneerselvamLady luck smiles again on Panneerselvam
PTI
O. Panneerselvam, Finance Minister, Tamil Nadu, who was elected as the AIADMK's Legislative Party leader, at the party head quarters, in Chennai on Sunday. - Photo: Bijoy Ghosh
Chennai, Sept 28:  
Once a tea stall owner, Jayalalithaa’s trusted lieutenant O Panneerselvam is set to become Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for the second time since 2001, when he made his Assembly debut.
The 63-year-old leader from Thevar community held two key portfolios of Finance and Public Works in the Jayalalithaa Ministry.
J Jayalalithaa had taken everyone by surprise by handpicking him to fill her shoes in 2001 when she had to step down due to her conviction in TANSI land scam. The staunch Jayalalithaa loyalist chose not to function from the chair on which his ‘revered’ leader sat while he performed the role of the night watchman. He duly vacated the post after Jayalalithaa was acquitted in the case.
But this time his selection was expected by many after she was sent to jail in a graft case as the stature of the leader, known for his unflinching devotion to Jayalalithaa, has grown in the party over the years.
It was in September 2001 that he was sworn-in as Chief Minister for the first time and it is in the same month in 2014, when the lady luck has smiled again on him.
But he has a more challenging task at hand this time as the much-adored “Amma” Jayalalithaa stands disqualified as an MLA following her conviction and four-year imprisonment in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate wealth case by a Bangalore court yesterday and faces and uncertain political future while the party has to prepare for Assembly elections in 18 months.
Incidentally, Panneerselvam is the first man from the Thevar community to become the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
Representing Bodinayakanur Assembly constituency in Theni District in the current Assembly, Panneerselvam has risen from humble origins. His family still owns a tea stall he once ran.
He was also an agriculturist and began his political career when he was elected to Periyakulam Municipality. He went on to become its Chairman during 1996-2001.
A graduate, he was elected to the State Assembly in the 2001 elections and straightaway was made the Revenue Minister by Jayalalithaa.
Panneerselvam has also served as the leader of the AIADMK legislative party and the Leader of the Opposition in the State Assembly for about two weeks, after the party lost the Assembly elections in May 2006.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

After Narendra Modi speech  Pakistan media says ties with India at new lowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella calls on Telangana chief ministerMicrosoft CEO Satya Nadella calls on Telangana chief minister
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 29, 2014 12:36 AM IST
Microsoft’s chief executive officer (CEO), Satya Nadella, on Sunday called on Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao in Hyderabad.
Nadella's visit to Hyderabad was kept under wraps both by the Microsoft India Development Centre (MSIDC), the IT behmoth's biggest R&D centre outside of its Redmond headquarters in the US, as well as the state government. 
According to sources, Nadella will be visiting New Delhi on September 30 to take part in two events to be organised by Nasscom.
Nadella, the only third CEO to head Microsoft in its history of over 40 years, is also expected to meet N Chandrababu Naidu, chief minister of Andhra Pradesh on Monday..
 

Franklin India Prima: BuyTweet
The fund takes a low risk route to mid-cap returns
The mid-cap pack has rallied well over the past one year. But mid-cap indices are yet to touch their all-time highs, in contrast to their large-cap counterparts.
Among the relatively safer and steadier schemes in the mid-cap space, Franklin India Prima is a quality name where investment can be considered with a time horizon of at least five years.
It reduces risks by taking diffused exposure to individual stocks and sectors as well as by taking cash calls. The fund also adds some large-caps to its portfolio to tone down the risk profile, though the proportion is kept to less than 15 per cent most of the times.
By investing in a combination of value and momentum stocks, it has delivered above-average returns over the long term. Franklin India Prima may not be the best, but it usually beats the category average and stays in the top-to-mid rankings of mid-cap funds.
Over one-, three- and five-year timeframes, the scheme has outperformed its benchmark — the CNX 500 by 10-12 percentage points. It has also convincingly beaten the BSE Mid-cap index. In the last three years, the fund has delivered compounded annual returns of 30.4 per cent, which is higher than IDFC Sterling Equity, DSPBR Small and Midcap and BNP Paribas Mid-cap.
Investors can use the scheme as a diversifier . The SIP (systematic investment plan) route, too, can be used.
Portfolio and strategy
Franklin India Prima tends to play it safe. Exposure to individual stocks is generally restricted to 3-4 per cent even for its top holdings. It maintains a portfolio of over 50 stocks.
The fund has ensured adequate participation during market rallies and has managed to contain downsides quite well. The scheme also keeps 7-9 per cent of its portfolio in cash and debt.
The fund has maximum holding of banking stocks, though, exposure has been trimmed in the last one year. The fund had increased exposure to auto ancillary and industrial products stocks over the past year, thus gaining from their rally.
Software and pharma are other key holdings as the mid-cap stocks in these segments still offer reasonable value picks and are expected to be helped by a relatively stable rupee against the dollar.
YES Bank, Finolex Cables, Pidilite Industries, Amara Raja Batteries, Mindtree, Federal Bank and Torrent Pharmaceuticals are some of the fund’s top holdings.
Franklin India Prima has delivered compounded annual returns of over 21 per cent over its nearly 21-year history.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Delhi BJP headquarters prepare for PM Modi s speech at Madison Square GardenIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Rajdeep Sardesai roughed up outside MSGSardesai, who quit as the editor-in-chief of IBN 18 Network in July, tweeted, "Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo!"
PTI | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:56 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:28 pm
Leading TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai was today roughed up apprently by pro-Modi supporters outside the Madison Square Garden, shortly before the Prime Minister’s address.
Watch video here:
The news created quite a buzz on social networking site Twitter after @JFK_America posted, “Mob of people attacking an Indian journalist for being critical of Modi on the past. Accused if being a traitor”.
Sardesai, who quit as the editor-in-chief of IBN 18 Network in July, tweeted, “Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few idiots who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo!”
He added, “Glad we caught the idiots on cam. Only way to shame the mob is to show them”. Sardesai also posted, “Great publicity for my book. All those who took selfies have promised to buy it!”
The small video of him being manhandled hit YouTube and was shared numerous times on Twitter.

Arun Jaitley making good recovery from respiratory infectionSep 28, 2014 at 10:38pm IST
Arun Jaitley making good recovery from respiratory infection
5
0
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is making good recovery from a respiratory infection but has moved from a private hospital to an isolation facility at AAIMS on Sunday to avoid any recurrence.
Jaitley, 61, who was hospitalised a few days ago after undergoing a planned diabetes management surgery on September 2, is expected to be discharged from AIIMS in a few days.
He is soon expected to resume his official work.
Arun Jaitley is making good recovery from a respiratory infection but has moved from a private hospital to an isolation facility at AAIMS.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India will lead 21st century world: ModiIndia will lead 21st century world: Modi
PTI
Tweet
September 28, 2014:  
Addressing a rapturous crowd of NRIs here, Prime Minister Narendra Modi affirmed today that India will move ahead at a rapid pace and lead the 21st century world.
At a unique event at the Madison Square Garden in the heart of Manhattan at which some 20,000 cheering NRIs were present, Modi said that his big win in the Lok Sabha elections had come with a big responsibility for him which he would fulfil.
Listing out India’s advantages, the Prime Minister said that its three strengths were democracy, demographic dividend in which 65 per cent of its population was under 35 years, and the demand for India because it was a huge market.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

DHL Express hikes global chargesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
DHL Express hikes global charges
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 28:  
International logistics major DHL Express has announced a 9.9 per cent increase in rates for India for delivery of time-definite international products, with effect from January 1, 2015. India is one of the countries that will see the steepest increase, as globally DHL’s rates will go up by 5-10 per cent. The company handled 11 million shipments in India in 2013, and expects to close 2014 with double-digit growth. The annual increase takes into account rupee depreciation, industry-specific costs, and so on, said a release.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Village Buddha project aimed at connecting with rural marketHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘Village Buddha’ project aimed at connecting with rural market
Anil Urs
Tweet
Attibele (Karnataka), September 28:  
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), along with TVS Motor Company, has launched its ‘Village Buddha’ project at Thattanahalli village in Attibele on the Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border.
“Through the project, a concerted effort is being made by CII to create a structured approach for manufacturers to engage with villages,” said Venu Srinivasan, past president of CII and Chairman, TVS Motor Company.
“The project promotes the concept that business and society are interconnected and interdependent, providing both the context and impetus for development,” he added.
Launching the project, Srinivasan said the aim is to train 150 to 200 ‘Village Buddha’ experts in the first year through three models and cover at least 10,000 villages over the next five years.
For expanding the module, CII will train guides, mentors and subject experts from Indian industry with proven experience of implementing village improvement practices and supporting community activities.
Rural market needs
Explaining the Village Buddha programme, Shoji Shiba, Chief Adviser, Champions for Societal Manufacturing Project, said it is built on three beliefs: Today's unsolved problems of the society are tomorrow's business opportunities. Society can be best improved through systematic and organised initiatives. And business and manufacturing/services capability will enhance if business organisations work with society.
Shiba said Village Buddha will help companies appreciate the needs of rural markets and develop business models to tap opportunities at the bottom of the pyramid. The concept also envisages corporates working with the villagers and panchayats to identify breakthrough projects around community needs such as clean water or self-sufficiency in energy and education.
Appreciating the initiative, Karnataka Minister for Rural Development and Panchayat Raj HK Patil said it offered an opportunity for holistic development of villages by inculcating a sense of brotherhood between industry and society. Earlier, contributions from the industry meant donating physical infrastructure.
Part of CSR strategy
Navas Meeran, Chairman, CII Southern Region, and Managing Director, Eastern Condiments, said, “Through this process, organisations will explore and enhance their capability to develop new businesses and offerings for the emerging markets in the rural and urban fringes of India, where significant growth is expected in the coming decades.”
CSR is increasingly becoming part of business strategy. It is estimated that more than 10,000 companies are already implementing CSR activities in villages. Village Buddha is designed to address this latent need in a systemic manner, he added.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Second time reward for loyaltySecond time reward for loyalty
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 28:  
The 63-year-old O Panneerselvam, MLA, represents the Bodinayakanur Constituency in Theni District, and takes over as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for the second time from J Jayalalithaa.
A staunch Jayalalithaa loyalist, Panneerselvam, the Finance Minister, is also the treasurer of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, the ruling party. This is his third time as MLA. Born on January 14, 1951, in Periakulam, he was first elected to the Tamil Nadu Assembly in 2001. He was then the Minister for Public Works, Prohibition, Excise and Revenue.
For a few months between September 21, 2001, and March 1, 2002, he was made the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu after the Supreme Court disqualified Jayalalithaa from holding office in May 2001. This followed her conviction in the Tansi land deal case for which she was awarded a two-year jail term.
She was subsequently acquitted and resumed office in 2002.
Panneerselvam was also a MLA between 2006 and 2011 when the AIADMK was in the Opposition. Panneerselvam is a graduate and prior to his election to the legislature, he was the Chairman of Periakulam Municipality between 1996 and 2001.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Indo-US defence  education pacts in limboIndo-US defence, education pacts in limbo
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept. 28:  
Bilateral pacts are a significant outcome of meetings between heads of states and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ongoing visit to the US is likely to add to the list of Indo-US agreements. Tangible results of ground-level execution, however, are more difficult to gauge than the excitement that accompanies signatures.
Upon analysis, a few key bilateral pacts signed between the two countries in the last decade in defence and education look to be in varying stages of stagnation and planning.
For instance, the Defence Trade and Technology Initiative (DTTI) proposed in 2012 has not translated to much in substance. Intended to help build indigenous defence manufacturing capabilities through technology transfers and guidance by the US, red tape seems to have stymied the evolution of a coherent partnership from a patron-client arrangement.
Secretary Chuck Hagel presented a dozen proposals approved by Washington during his India visit last month. It remains to be seen how many will be put into action even after India has relaxed its foreign direct investments norms in Defence manufacturing.
Further, the Indo-US Defence Policy Group, supposed to meet annually, will meet next month in Washington for the first time since February 2012.
“US companies face critical issues such as unfeasible delays and extensions on letters of offer and acceptance, delays in approvals for subsequent acquisitions such as for the follow-on orders, lack of post-delivery risk allocation and limitations of liability,” said Nidhi Goyal, Director, Deloitte.
Importantly, the New Framework Agreement, signed in 2005 is set to expire next June and reports point out that Washington, while unsatisfied with New Delhi’s approach is willing to renew it.
Education:
Modi is likely to push for unique bilateral initiatives such as SWAYAM and GIAN. But, existing Indo-US pacts in education have had mixed results. The Barack Obama-Manmohan Singh 21st-Century Knowledge Initiative, forged in 2009, was established to foster partnerships between US and Indian institutions of higher education. T
The 16 identified institutions – eight each from the US and India – were picked in 2012 and 2013 to receive funding for collaborative research. However, according to reports, the declaration of selected institutions for 2014, supposed to be done in July, has been held back due to the new Indian administration nursing a grouse over the nomenclature of the pact.
Further, the MoU between the AICTE and the American Association of Community Colleges (AACC) inked in June 2013 has not taken off with the status of the 200 colleges that were to be established still in the planning phase.
“Lack of a dedicated help desk to guide collaborations between the two countries compounded with no clear roadmap for effective implementation of activities defined under the MOUs are some of the challenges which need to be addressed,” said Rohin Kapoor, Senior Manager, Deloitte.
The silver lining comes in the form of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOC) for which a MoU had also been signed last June between IIT-Bombay and edX, an MOOC platform co-created by Harvard and MIT.
About 15 per cent of dX’s 1.9 million users were from India as of this March and IIT-B offered two of courses for online learning. Anant Agarwal, the President of edX, had told Business Line (March 11, 2014) that the potential for growth of the platform was sizeable with numbers increasing rapidly with more member institutions signing up.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Report warns of looming global crisisGeneva Report warns record debt and slow growth point to crisis
By Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4df99d28-4590-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa  says PM Modi at Madison Square eventOct 01, 2014 at  03:57pm IST
PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa, says PM Modi at Madison Square event
37
0
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday told a rapturous crowd of NRIs that Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cardholders will get lifetime Indian visa and that American tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Modi, who arrived at the packed Madison Square Garden to a rousing welcome, announced the merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora.
He announced that PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Tie-up with CFTRI for Neera technologyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tie-up with CFTRI for Neera technology
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, September 28:  
Palakkad Coconut Producer Company Ltd, one of the 12 registered companies in Kerala formulated under the aegis of Coconut Development Board, has entered into an agreement with CFTRI, Mysore, for R&D in Neera processing and packaging.
Palakkad Producer Company consists of over 26,000 coconut farmers in Palakkad.
Ramraj Sekhar, Director CFTRI said Neera intervention is a major technological and economic innovation providing economic security to coconut farmers and Neera workers.
PCPCL’s association with CFTRI is expected to be of futuristic nature. The company will pay a fee of one per cent of its sales turnover to CFTRI for a long-term partnership in developing, standardising and commercialising technology for processing and packaging of Neera and its derivatives.
CFTRI had displayed five major Neera products developed – Neera concentrate, Neera honey and bottled Neera in pet bottles, glass bottles and cans.
With the tie-up, PCPCL is in a position to embark on commercial production of Neera. PCPCL has already opened six retail outlets for Neera and 4 more will be opened soon.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Online credit analysis toolTweet
Hyderabad, September 28:  
Hyderabad-based Icredizen Financial Technologies has launched an online consumer credit analytical and management tool. The tool, CreditSeva would help analysing one’s credit report in a simplified form, besides providing facilities to close outstanding loans/credit card accounts by opting for one-time settlement options, its Co-Founder and Director Satya Vishnubhotla told newspersons. “Those who have credit reports/Cibil reports, can use the service free of cost at www.creditseva.com. We are in the process of teaming up banks to facilitate loan-closures and one-time settlements options.’’
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Prahlad Kakkar: Humour enlivens adsIIMB ‘Vista’ explores different areas of business world
Bangalore, September 28:  
“Humour works best as people are so full of problems. If a commercial puts forward its product proposition surrounded with a bit of humour, not slapstick but slightly quirky, funny, insightful, it makes you smile, it touches your life,” said Prahlad Kakkar, advertising professional.
Fondly referred to as the ‘madman’ of the ad world, Kakkar, one of the most creative ad film makers in the country, conducted a workshop on the importance of brand management at IIM Bangalore’s annual international business fest – Vista.
Kakkar explained what goes behind making the amazing advertisements and various other nuances of branding and communication.
Stress on honesty
Addressing IIMB students at Vista, BJP leader Subramanian Swamy urged them to look at money as a means to an end, not an end.
He said, “Social status is not defined by money. When greed engulfs you, don’t be surprised if you meet the fate of unfortunates such as Rajat Gupta.”
Innovation
Ronnie Screwvala, founder of media group UTV, spoke on ‘A step ahead in India in the realm of disruptive innovation and how to make commercial sense of it’.
Having been a part of an industry that has seen constant innovation and disruption for the last 20 years, he advised the students against being disruptive for the sake of it. Using the mantra ‘Do not fix what does not need fixing’ as a litmus test to explore the options of innovation in an industry, he reiterated the importance of timing.
“Launch too early and you run the risk of being ahead of time; launch too late and your product will be anachronistic,” he said and advised entrepreneurs to look back, and recalibrate their cost model at regular intervals.
As far as domain expertise is concerned, he urged the students to start early, instead of waiting for that ‘perfect’ balance of domain expertise and entry time, and to attract talent from outside or opt for a co-founder, to make the most of their first mover advantage.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Thousands rally outside Hong Kong governmentLast updated: September 29, 2014 3:31 pm
Thousands take to Hong Kong’s streets
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f97c9c2e-46ce-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Our job is to adapt to rules  India is no different   says Jeff Bezos in interviewQ: You are saying there are no regulatory problems ?
 
A: Everywhere we do business, there are unique regulations. Every country has its own unique rules and regulations. Seen from the outside, they always seem unusual and different. Our job is to adapt ourselves to whatever rules and regulations local countries have. India is no different. The specific regulations are different in every country, but it is totally normal that there are such regulations. It is our job to adapt ourselves to regulations. If the FDI rules (in India) change may be we will be doing many more things for small manufacturers. The countries decide that the rules are and we adapt ourselves to these rules. Ultimately the Indian government is going to decide what the rules are.
 
Q: Isn’t the ban on FDI in e-commerce constricting Amazon’s expansion in India? Are you going to be meeting government officials on this matter?
 
A: So far the results would say that they are just fine. I would always welcome the opportunity to meet with him (Prime Minister Narendra Modi), but he is not here. You could say the PM in the US while I am here. We are preserving some balance in the world by switching places (laughs)  I don’t personally get involved in these matters. We have teams, people who meet with regulators and discuss these things and share their opinions. We do that all over the world.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Orion Mall. (Source: Kashif Masood) 
Q: So you don’t see obstacles to growth in India? And were you not late in entering the Indian market?
 
A:  I look at the results that this (India) team is achieving and I don’t see any obstacles. I would think this is not my place to say one model is better than the other. Judging by the results we have achieved, it seems like we have entered exactly at the right time because it is working really well.
 
Q: Would you look at acquisitions in India? Can they be for size or scale?
 
A:  Mostly our growth is organic. That’s true not just in India, but everywhere. We have a very organic-focused growth strategy. We do acquisitions from time to time. We do buy because there is something unique (in the companies) If there were opportunities in India, we will certainly look at those. Almost every company that we have acquired were led by missionaries—people who have the same kind of customer-centric approach. But the baseline growth is going to be driven organically.
 
Q: What do you think of your competition (like Flipkart, Alibaba)?
 
A:  I have a strongly held belief that one of the reasons that Amazon has been successful is because we do not obsess over competitors. Instead we obsess over customers. We just stick to that and that’s a big part of the culture at Amazon. We have been doing it for 19 years and it has worked.
 
Q: Would you like to say anything on Narendra Modi?
 
A:  What I can tell you is he (Modi) has, as far as I can assess, a very positive international reputation. People all over the world see him as a constructive and practical. I think people think India has a good leader. But I am not contrasting the current Prime Minister with any former Prime Minister of India.
 
Q: How do you see your $2 billion investment in India?
A: It is a big amount. We wouldn’t invest such a big amount it the model wasn’t working. There is also lot to invest in.We have a lot of ideas and a lot of opportunities in infrastructure, mobile, customer acquisition and category expansion. There are just tonnes of opportunities.
 
Q: You have a deep interest in space and a project, Blue Origin. How is it going?
 
A:  You are first people to ask me this question. I am a big fan of space research. I have followed with great interest (India’s) Mars Orbiter mission. India’s accomplishment in the Mars orbiter mission is just incredible. There should be a lot of national pride in that. If you follow space you would know how hard that is.
Our vision of Blue Origin is that one day there will be millions of people working and living in space. For that to happen we need to make space travel much less expensive and much safer. Those are the two primary objectives of Blue Origin.
 
Q: You seem to be turning producer, with a do-it-yourself Hollywood (in financing shows) and a successful online show in Transparent?
 
A: Amazon Studio is completely populated with professional content producers. These are experienced people who know what they are doing. We also like to do things differently. We have invented this novel pilot process where we create series of pilots and release them at the same time and let customers vote and give their views on which pilot should be made into a full series. It is like the whole world is your focus group. Then we use this data with human judgement. Once we fund something, we step back. That has been working extremely well.  `Transparent’ has got remarkable critical reviews.
 
Q: And how does that tie up with your personal purchase of Washington Post?
 
A: I am a missionary in doing things in new and inventive ways. I love Amazon Web Services (cloud computing service) because that team is completely reinventing how competition is done. My favourite day is when I sit in a series of meetings discussing new ideas of what we are going to do in the future. I am super optimistic about it (Washington Post). The Internet can be used to energise what is already a terrific news gathering operation. This could be done across the world. I am super excited about that and for me it is another opportunity.
 
Q: Where do you see movie making or news media, five years from now?
 
A: This is an extremely good question. You can only answer that question if you identify the most important fundamental thing about the endeavour in question. So, about  Amazon, ten years from now no customer is going to say `I love Amazon, I wish it delivered more slowly’. Fast delivery is a fundamental desire of customers. You have to find things that are stable in time. About news organisations, nobody is ever going to say ten years from now I wish the “Washington Post” was a little more boring. So, the number one rule is you have to be interesting.  The fundamental thing that is not going to change about Amazon Studios is that at the end of the day it is about  storytelling and how do we tell better stories.
 
Q: Which reminds us, Deutsche Post has beaten you in using drones for delivery of goods.
 
A: I am super excited about drones. The hardest part of that is going to be the regulatory part, getting permission to use the drones. We are going to be working with regulators all over the world to make sure that we end up with rules that keep people safe.

Getting value out of old iPhones after upgradingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi at Madison  hashtag trends on TwitterYou are here: Home > Collections
PM's US visit: 'Modi at Madison' hashtag trends on Twitter
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 01.20AM IST
(It was free for all on Twitter…)
NEW YORK: On social networking site Twitter, "#ModiAtMadison" was among top trending hashtags as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed a rapturous crowd of NRIs at the Madison Square Garden here.
It was free for all on Twitter as Modi spoke for over an hour generating numerous tweets in favour and against his remarks.
Opinions on his speech varied from people calling it "splendid", "captivating" to even "pathetic".
The hashtag was used by thousands of Twitter users, most of them Indians.
While "#ModiAtMadison" was trending the most, the second one for quite some time was "#RajdeepSlapped".
The hashtag was about the incident in which leading TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai was heckled apparently by pro-Modi supporters outside the Madison Square Garden, shortly before the Prime Minister's address.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi plays the GardenModi plays the Garden
Mihir S Sharma | New Delhi Sep 29, 2014 01:30 AM IST
In what will almost certainly be the highlight of his visit to the United States, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed tens of thousands of madly cheering Indian-Americans at Madison Square Garden in New York City. The Indian-American community supported Modi before many Indians back home did, and it remains among his fiercest backers. They were thus rewarded with one of the prime minister’s most crowd-pleasing speeches, and with easier visa rules – as well as a more coherent promise of reform than he has delivered at any point since assuming office.
 
Comparing the task of India’s development to the freedom movements, he pointed out that the independence movement only became successful once it became a mass movement under Mohandas Gandhi. Every Indian then, he said, worked towards freedom. The PM then said that he wanted to do the same for the development process as Gandhi had for the freedom movement. “So far, governments have taken out a contract for development”, he said, but under him it was understood that it was the people who would have to take the lead.
 
In some ways, it was a follow-up to several of Modi’s earlier speeches: both the recent speech from Red Fort on Independence Day, when he had stressed citizens’ involvement in crucial policy activism, such as to sanitation. But there were even echoes of speeches from much earlier, such as the one he delivered to students at Shri Ram College of Commerce that launched him as the front-runner for the prime ministerial position. In this speech, as in that one, there was a reference to India’s pool of young people, its talent – and there were even identical jokes, of India becoming a nation of “mouse-charmers” from one of snake-charmers.
 
It is clear, too, that the PM has been stung by accusations that he has no “grand vision”. This speech was the second time recently that he responded to this claim, saying again that he was but a “small person”, a former tea vendor, and his focus was on improving the life of such “small people”.
 
As to how he would do that, the PM presented the clearest statement of a reform agenda that he has so far. Following on from his sarcastic reference to government being a “contractor” for India’s development, he said that “previous governments took pride in making one law after another”. That was, in fact, he said – in a clear dig at the rights-based schemes of the previous government – “their entire election campaign”. But, Modi added, “My plan is different. It is to get rid of all the old and useless laws.” He promised Indian-Americans, if they were to return to India to invest, that there would be “no more running from pillar to post to deal with the government… I tell you, those days are gone.”
 
“Ease of business” would be a priority, he said, using a rare English phrase. “If I can get rid of one law a day, then I’ll be the happiest of men.”
 
Much of the rest of Modi’s promises, however, will have left observers less sanguine. He spoke of the Mars mission as being an example of low-cost manufacturing and not of precision engineering; and followed that with a promise to be the source of the world’s low-wage workforce. He also promised that every Indian would own a house by 2022, which will have given rise to questions as to how the government intends to intervene to ensure that happens, and whether a badly governed and regulated real-estate sector is up to achieving the target.
 
But the reform promises were no doubt secondary as far as most observers and attendees were concerned. What was far more important was the fact of Modi’s presence in New York – the subtle irony of him offering easier visas to citizens of a country that had denied him a visa for nine long years was lost on few. The crowd – many of whom walked in waving large saffron flags – clearly saw Modi’s arrival as a fulfilment of a long-nurtured dream, and a source of ethnic pride. The presence of 41 members of the US Congress from Indian-heavy districts, who stood on stage waiting for him as if they were courtiers, only enhanced the symbolism of the moment; for Indian-Americans, it was a victory against an American establishment that had unfairly denied them their hero for a decade, and was now forced to acknowledge him in public.
 
Modi, the consummate politician, understood their mood. He began slowly, built up to promises that he would not disappoint – again, it seems he has indeed been reading the op-ed pages, in spite of claims that he does not – and ended with the sort of emotional-religious-
nationalist pitch that brings your average Indian-American to his feet. On this occasion, it was a demand that Indian-Americans help in cleaning up the Ganga – both a religious and an economic priority, the PM said. Pious praise of cleanliness allowed him to again don Gandhi’s mantle, for the second time in one speech. The heady mix of religion, nationalism, promises, pride and history is what Indian-Americans most desire; and it is exactly what Prime Minister Modi does best.

Modi s charm offensive at Madison Square GardenModi rocks Madison Square Garden, piles on charm
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 29, 2014 12:35 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi took the three-million-strong Indian community in the US by storm, straddling generations, ethnicities and educational attainments. Speaking at the Madison Square Garden and earlier at a concert at the Central Park, he flagged a range of issues, addressing not just the followers of yoga but also those who are more familiar with Yoda, a prominent character in the Star Wars series, when he told young people listening to him at the music concert: "May the Force be with you," evoking loud cheers.
He said India has three qualities that no other nation in the world does: Democracy, the demographic dividend, and demand. He said given time, India would become the biggest supplier of workforce to the world. A massive skill development programme has been launched to ensure not just that people get trained so that get jobs at the first shot, but also that they create more jobs. "There was a time when our country was known as one abounding in snakes and snake charmers. Now, young people in India play with a mouse," he said and brought the house down.
For those looking for some announcements relating to liberalisation, growth, etc, Modi had only one point to make: He had scrapped obsolete laws and would be happiest if one law was scrapped every day. For the most part, his speech was about how the poor of India had to be taken out of poverty. He referred to the PM's Jan-Dhan programme and a plan to provide a house to everyone. "I have small dreams but I want to motivate people to do big things," he said, adding that a swachh Bharat (clean India) would be a big priority of this government.
Exuding confidence especially in the young, Modi said there is nothing that young people cannot do. However, the need of the hour is good governance. This means, a collaboration between the people and the government, he explained. Modi recalled M K Gandhi, whose campaign for freedom included every Indian wherever he or she was and whatever they were doing. He said the previous government believed in guaranteeing entitlements through law, but he would replace this and scrap as many irrelevant laws as possible.
While the Madison Square Garden event was almost entirely a Gujarati show, the Hindutva element was almost totally absent. The slogans were only about India.
Modi again referred to Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi as Mohanlal Karamchand Gandhi and referred rather pointedly to a large Bohra Muslim community, when he talked about inclusive banking and the rapacity of pawnbrokers "as the Bohra samaj is familiar with".

SAIF increases stake in Speciality RestaurantsSAIF increases stake in Speciality Restaurants
Joydeep Ghosh & Mayank Patwardhan | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 12:04 AM IST
SAIF Partners, a private equity fund, bought over a million shares of Speciality Restaurants on Wednesday. The seller was Anjan Chatterjee, CEO of the fine-dining chain. The shares were sold at Rs 135 a piece, netting Chatterjee Rs 14 crore, according to bulk data from the National Stock Exchange. In December, SAIF Partners had picked up 3.2 per cent from Glix Securities. The promoters hold 60.60 per cent in the company. The stock closed at Rs 142 on Friday - still trading slightly below the initial public offering (IPO) price band of Rs 146-154.
Low volumes, high volatility?
With the stock market closed for five days - from October 2 to October 6 - market players expect low volumes and high volatility in the market this week. The reason: Instead of Friday, the settlement will be on Wednesday. Even though there is at least one key event - the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy - traders might not be too aggressive during the week as the global markets will be open on Thursday, Friday and Monday and any major event might adversely impact excessive bullish or bearish positions in the domestic market.
HDFC MF buy pushes Sharda Cropchem
Mumbai-based Sharda Cropchem received a grand welcome on the stock market. The company, which listed on Tuesday surged 76 per cent on the very first day. The enthusiasm continued during the week as HDFC Mutual Fund bought 1.8 million shares of the company in two trades on Wednesday and Thursday at an average price of Rs 252. The company's issue price was Rs 156. This is the second stock in the past three weeks which has seen exceptional investor enthusiasm. Snowman Logistics, too, had seen strong investor demand in the open market from both marquee investors and mutual fund houses.

Foreign investors need to step up to a newly demanding  emerging regionForeign investors need to step up in Latin America
By Amy Stillman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a524b2d6-2f65-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fund houses have a problem of plentyFund houses have a problem of plenty
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Sep 29, 2014 12:17 AM IST
In a counter-intuitive move that could also mean a lack of confidence in the dizzying post-election rally, fund houses are trying to regulate or even stop inflows into some of their funds, especially those investing in smaller stocks.
While some fund houses have been doing it informally through instructions to advisors, DSP BlackRock recently issued an addendum saying it will not accept new systematic investment plans (SIPs) or lump-sum investments in excess of Rs 2,00,000 into its micro-cap fund from October 1. The fund house says it is doing this to protect the interests of existing investors.
The move comes at a time when several fund houses are trying to raise funds from the market through new fund offers (NFOs).
"DSP BlackRock Trustee Company Private Limited ('Trustees'), the Trustee to DSP BlackRock Mutual Fund, has vide resolution dated September 22, 2014, decided to temporarily suspend the below-mentioned transactions in DSP BlackRock Micro Cap Fund - an open-ended diversified equity growth scheme - with effect from October 1, 2014," the fund house said in the addendum dated September 25.
It said it was taking the step because there was a possibility that further large inflows into the scheme might prove detrimental to the interest of the existing unit holders. "The transactions suspended are subscription/switch-in application(s) in the scheme amounting to more than Rs 2 lakh, registration of new SIP in the scheme of single instalment amounting to more than Rs 2 lakh and registration of new systematic transfer plan into the scheme of single instalment amounting to more than Rs 2 lakh," it added.
The fund house also warned investors from circumventing the rule by using multiple applications. "DSP BlackRock Investment Managers Private Limited reserves the right to reject or compulsorily redeem units without any prior notice to the investor at applicable NAV (net asset value), in case of multiple applications/transactions by the investor(s) amounting to more than Rs 2 lakh."
The suspension will continue till further notice, the fund house said.
Surjit Mishra, national head (mutual funds) at Bajaj Capital, a New Delhi-based distributor, said most fund houses were trying to control flows into the small-cap funds. "In the micro- and small-cap space, the ideas are not too many. Quality ideas are not too many. There is a possibility of returns not matching up to the past and could be even negative."
He added while the popular way for funds to restrict investments is by cutting down ticket size, some funds are also restricting the frequency of investments.
Small- and mid-cap funds have been among the top performers for fund houses during this rally and, hence, have caught investor imagination. Fund houses are caught in a tricky situation because rules do not allow them to hold on to cash for long.
In a market that has run-up heavily they are also not very sure that the market would not reverse its gains. In case of a reversal, the pain will be most acute in the sparsely traded small stocks.
Ramesh Bhat, a Chennai-based advisor and president of IFA Galaxy, said: "The small-cap shares have already run up heavily. People have a tendency to look at one-year returns. In the past year, small-cap funds have given between 90 and 120 per cent. People are getting greedy."
TREND REVERSAL
Net asset values of small- and mid-cap funds have shot up considerably
Investors tend to choose funds based on past returns
But fund managers are not sure of future performance of these small stocks
Because of thin volumes, possibility of a crash is high
So funds are restricting inflows
More funds may follow suit

Germany firm on EU-Ukraine trade pact© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9707f92c-471d-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

7 666 candidates in the fray  91 fromNanded-SouthPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:08 am
A total of 7,666 candidates have filed their nominations for the Maharashtra Assembly polls. With five-cornered contests in almost all the seats, the total number of nominations has jumped by 16.27 per cent from 2009. The average number of candidates from each constituency is 26.
While the highest number of  nominations — 91 — have been filed from Nanded-South constituency,  the lowest of nine each have been filed in Guhagar, Mahim and Kudal seats. There are around 33 constituencies which have more than 40 candidates.
The last day for withdrawal of nominations is October 1. In 2009, nearly 35 per cent of those who had filed their nominations had withdrawn from the contest. A total of 3,559 contestants fought the last elections, with an average of 12 candidates per seat. The higher number of nominations this time is due to the breaking up of the alliances.
The Congress has fielded 288 candidates while the NCP has and the Shiv Sena have fielded 286 candidates each. The BJP has fielded candidates in 257 seats, allotting the remaining 31 to allies. The MNS has put up candidates in 239 seats.

FMCG market: India picks up but Bharat lagsFMCG market: India picks up but Bharat lags
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Household consumption of fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) appears to have recovered from a deep slump seen last year - at least in urban areas. Data from market research firm IMRB show that FMCG consumption in urban India, in volume terms, rose seven per cent in the May-July period this year, compared with a decline of 12 per cent in the same period last year. In value terms, consumption was up eight per cent during the period, against a decline of four per cent seen in the year-ago period.
The situation in rural parts of the country, though, was not as good. While urban areas were in the green in May-July, rural India continued to be in the red, notably on the volume front. Rural FMCG consumption volume declined seven per cent from May to July, against a fall of one per cent in the year-ago period. In value terms, consumption rose just one per cent, compared with two per cent last year.
Varun Sinha, group business director, IMRB Kantar Worldwide, said: "The uptick in urban sentiment led to better stocking of products across staples, as well as impulse categories. This resulted in household consumption recovering. By comparison, the positive sentiment appeared to be missing in rural areas."
Among FMCG segments, in urban areas, volumes for personal care inched up three per cent, compared with a two per cent increase last year. Value growth was sharper, at six per cent, against three per cent a year ago. Household care products saw steady volume growth of two per cent, while consumption increase in value terms was nine per cent (against seven per cent last year). Food & beverage consumption, on the other hand, grew eight per cent in May-July this year - the sharpest annual rate of rise for a segment. Last year, it had fallen 14 per cent, according to IMRB. In value terms, food & beverage consumption grew eight per cent in the period this year, against a decline of seven per cent seen in 2013.
Rural areas presented a mixed picture in FMCG categories. While personal care and household care saw marginal growth in the period when compared with last year, food & beverage slipped even further. Personal care volumes rose three per cent, compared with last year's two per cent, while value growth was steady at six per cent. For the household care segment, growth in volume terms was five per cent (against four per cent last year), while value growth was 13 per cent, versus nine per cent last year. The food & beverage volumes, in contrast, declined nine per cent in May-July this year, against a decline of two per cent last year. Consumption in value terms, on the other hand, slid three per cent in this FMCG category.
Dabur India Chief Executive Sunil Duggal said: "While pain exists in both urban and rural areas, the challenges of late have been greater in the hinterland. The rainfall has been patchy in the north and central parts of the country, coupled with a stagnancy in minimum support price of crops and a drawing down of rural welfare schemes. This has resulted in a shrinkage of income in the hands of rural consumers, affecting overall household consumption."
"As far as growth in personal care and household care in rural areas is concerned, that is more of an exception than norm, because the broad trend clearly points to a slowdown. Our talks with trade channels show consumers in rural areas have not been substantial spenders in recent months. This has been exacerbated by inflationary pressures on everyday items affecting both urban and rural areas. The moot point is that urban consumers seem optimistic, so the consumption is increasing," Duggal said.
Marico Chairman Harsh Mariwala said: "A new government in power pushes sentiment notably in urban areas. The increase in household consumption in May-July in these parts is a result of this improvement in sentiment. This will get better as we go forward. Rural areas are a laggard in this respect and will follow urban areas in terms of a pick-up in sentiment. For that, there also has to be an improvement in economic growth, because people begin to spend only when they feel secure about the environment around them, about their jobs and incomes. While an element of optimism helps consumption to an extent, people feel more confident to spend if they begin to see real growth and development on the ground. Rural areas will respond with a lag, while the urban areas will see a quicker recovery."
The consensus is that the tide should notably turn for FMCG in urban areas by the fourth quarter of this financial year. The government has been working in this direction. Earlier this month, it raised the dearness allowance of its employees by seven per cent - a move that will benefit nearly three million workers.
Two months before that, in Union Budget, it announced a slew of measures to boost domestic consumption, besides increasing tax exemption for the salaried class. Both of these steps, analysts said, favoured people residing in cities more.

We do well because we don t think of competition: Jeff BezosWe do well because we don't think of competition: Jeff Bezos
Itika Sharma Punit & Nivedita Mookerji | Bangalore Sep 29, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Amazon's Jeff Bezos refers to any talk of competition, including that of Flipkart's heightened sales pitch coinciding with his India visit, as "a bunch of noise". The chief executive of the e-commerce giant is making his second visit to India - the first since Amazon entered this market.
Relaxed in a blue shirt, sleeves rolled up, minus a jacket or a tie, Bezos (50) tells Itika Sharma Punit & Nivedita Mookerji he did not notice any Flipkart billboard. He prefers to stay heads-down and not pay attention to distractions, he says, and repeats it when asked if he ever thought the Flipkart founders, who had begun at Amazon, could compete with him one day.
With his characteristic laugh - something that would stay on his face through the interview - Bezos, who had started Amazon from a garage in 1994, says doing business is not easy anywhere in the world but he has not faced any major obstacle. This is even as e-commerce firms like his own are facing tax-related hurdles in India. Excerpts:
 
What brings you to India this time?
The reason for this visit is to celebrate the past year, and to say 'thank you' to the Amazon India team and all our customers in India. What has happened here in the past year is spectacular, and surprising, and wonderful... I am grateful for it. Today, we invited a bunch of customers to lunch. And, you know, I have never taken so many selfies in my life (laughs)… I am in India for about a week to meet customers, media and team members… I have a very full agenda. The Indian team is like slave driver... If I say five minutes of rest, they are like, no!
Are you meeting anybody in the Indian government?
I do not know yet, but I would be happy to. We have a team that plans those things... so, maybe I am; I do not know yet.
You have come here at a time when our prime minister is in your country...
I know, we are keeping the world balanced (laughs).
Would you not have wanted to meet the PM?
I would love to meet him. I think, he is very respected internationally. He is seen as a very practical and good leader.
The new government in India is extremely keen on a digital thrust. How will that help e-commerce?
Based on Amazon's experience, I would say e-commerce is happening big time in India. Our Indian teammates have to keep resetting their objectives, because they keep beating their past objectives, and then they have to set even higher targets. So, it is very exciting.
You announced an investment of $2 billion in India, but we do not know the period over which it will be spread. Could you talk about it?
It will be spent as they (the India team) need it. Amit (Agarwal, vice-president & country manager, Amazon India) is taking those decisions along with his team. It is going to be spent on new fulfilment centres, new logistics, transportation, mobile - mobile is important everywhere in the world but especially in India - new tools for the small- and medium-sized businesses for them to be able to access customers. So, there is a lot. We invest big like that when something is already working. I was optimistic, but not this optimistic. It makes sense to double down on that investment.
How much have you invested in India so far?
It is significant, but you know this market deserves even larger investment, because of the success it has generated so far.
The timing of your $2-billion investment was much talked about; its announcement came soon after Flipkart's $1-billion fundraising. Was that a coincidence or did you plan it that way?
I was a little surprised by that. But, as you can imagine, an investment of this size is done in a very deliberate way over a long period. I think it is just a coincidence.
How did you react when your investment was pitched against Flipkart's announcement?
I stay heads-down, focused. I encourage these guys (the India team) to not pay attention to a bunch of noise, and rather stay focused on the customer experience, do the right thing, figure out how to get products to customers faster with more reliability, earn trust with customers. The rest will take care of itself.
There is noise now as well. This time, it is about Flipkart sales billboards being placed all over Bangalore at a time when you are in India. Any view on that?
Noise is always there. It is a noisy world we live in.
But did you see the Flipkart billboards on way from the airport?
No, I did not see… At Amazon, we have a long history of obsessing over customers rather than competition. At every place we do business, we have great competitors. It is okay, that is how the world is supposed to work. I think we do well because we don't think about that. We ask, 'what do customers want?' You know, competitors will never give us money (laughs). We service our customers and they send us money. You do not want to get distracted by this or that, in a world where you can get easily distracted.
Your competition is saying that Amazon is panicking (because of competition in Indian e-commerce) and that is why Jeff is here. Any truth?
Well, all I can tell you is that I am super happy to be here. I love being here. I find India and its people energetic and energising. There is just so much going on here, it is just so dynamic. It is interesting, because you hear all the time that there are so many obstacles in doing business here in India, but that's not been our experience. Our experience is that this is the fastest growing geography that we have ever entered into.
So, are you saying that doing business in India is easy?
See, doing business is not easy anywhere. Every country has its quirks, differences and uniqueness. Every country has its own rules and regulations. Companies must work around those.
But, has Amazon not faced taxation and foreign direct investment (FDI) -related issues in India?
As far as FDI goes, we are operating in the marketplace format and are doing well. If rules change, maybe, we will do more.
Do you think you need to change your India strategy for a better hold in this market?
No, I do not think there is any need to change the strategy. My basic advice to my team is -be stubborn on the vision but flexible on details.
You said India was the fastest-growing market. Have you also witnessed the fiercest competition in India?
I don't know. We have fierce competition all over the world - US, Japan, everywhere…
In India, your biggest competitors have a local edge. How do you handle that?
We have a local edge, too (laughs). Have you met Amit? He has an American uncle in the US (referring to himself), who sends him money whenever he wants… We are local in India, with the basic principle of starting with the customer, and not being a 'me-too' company. Third thing is being patient and not cutting corners. Within these principles, they (the India team) are doing things. I am not managing India from Seattle.
Flipkart founders - Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal - began their career at Amazon. Did you think they would build a company like Flipkart one day and compete with you?
I do not think much about these things. I think too many companies get distracted by others, instead of just thinking about their customers. You should have a deep keel, so that the wind cannot blow you around. I would encourage any employee to just forget about all that and think just about customers. For 19 years, we have taken that approach and I do not want to change that. Everybody should pursue his own goal.
Do you expect consolidation in the e-commerce market? Do you think there will be one winner in the end?
No, I think there will be more than one winner. Our growth will mostly come organically. There will be acquisitions that are practical in India as well. But I think the real thing is organic.
The narrative seems to be changing. Earlier, there were questions on whether there would be an Indian Amazon or not. Now, it has shifted to 'will there be an Indian Alibaba'? Do you see any possibility of an Indian Alibaba or an Indian Amazon?
I do not know. This is one of those things that I do not know the answer to. I want to be an Indian Amazon, and I want to be Amazon!
But, what are your thoughts on Chinese e-commerce firm Alibaba after its $21.8-billion initial public offering?
I know that these questions are very interesting… But I do not spend too much time thinking about those. The world is full of good companies and great opportunities. They pursue their mission in their ways, and we pursue ours in our way.
But the Alibaba IPO reflects upon the e-commerce sector. Does it not?
Investors come in all shapes and sizes, they have different opinions and different investment horizons and different approaches to building their portfolios. The most important thing for a public company is to be really clear about its approach; investors get to self select then. They get to say, that is the kind of company we want to invest in. Warren Buffet has this fantastic quote - "you can hold a ballet, and that is okay. And, you can hold a rock concert, and that is okay too. But just don't hold a ballet and advertise that there is a rock concert". That is the most important advice any public company could ever be given. Just be clear about who you are. Investors know that we are long-term oriented, we like to pioneer and make bets and try new things. To some, that appeals, while others would say that is not the right kind of investment for me. And that is okay.
Drones have been in news. There were reports we could see drones from you this Diwali. What are your plans?
I heard about that rumour too. Who knows where these rumours come from? But, anyway, (laughs), I am very excited about drones as a delivery mechanism for the future. We have a significant team working on that, they are making progress. The technology is challenging but very doable. The hardest part is getting the right regulations in place to make it possible. So, we continue to work both on the technology side and the regulatory side.
You acquired Washington Post last year. Are you looking at making any investments in the Indian media as well?
Is there something you are trying to sell me? We should meet later (laughs). I am very happy with Washington Post and there is a lot of exciting stuff there. But I am not looking to expand that by buying more media companies.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos in India

Of price comparison  discounts and dealsOf price comparison, discounts and deals
K Rajani Kanth |  Sep 29, 2014 12:30 AM IST
For P Anand, a senior sales executive in Hyderabad, shopping online was tricky and confusing, as there were about 20 major e-retail destinations in India. On the advice of a friend, he tried MySmartPrice.
Since then, things have changed dramatically for him.
Hyderabad-based price comparison portal MySmartPrice provides an overview of product prices across top 25 India e-retail stores, including Amazon, Snapdeal, Flipkart and Naaptol, and offers exclusive deals.
It gets a percentage of its users' sales at partner stores as commission.
"In addition to purchase information, we provide information such as availability of credit card EMIs (easy monthly instalments), cash-on-delivery and typical shipping durations so that users are well aware of the transaction they are about to carry out. These features help us distinguish ourselves from competition," says co-founder and director Sulakshan Kumar.
In 2010, betting on the potential of the Indian e-commerce sector, Kumar and Sitakanta Ray, the other co-founder and Kumar's batchmate at National Institute of Technology-Rourkela, quit their jobs at ICICI and Infosys, respectively, to start MySmartPrice.
"Indian retail was a sunrise sector at that time, with companies gaining significant funding and attention. A price comparison and shopping research platform seemed the perfect way to gain a slice of the action, as it relied on our core strength - product management and technology," says Kumar.
Naman Sarawagi, chief executive and founder of price comparison platform FindYogi.com, says, "MySmartPrice has been a pioneer in the price comparison space. The new WhatsApp extension is a good move to increase accessibility. The first mover advantage has helped it maintain a lead in the market. While there are issues in the e-commerce space, such as helping users decide what to buy (which FindYogi addresses), MySmartPrice is very comprehensive in terms of helping users decide where they should buy from."
Money matters
In December 2011, the company raised Rs two crore in series-A funding from Accel Partners and Helion Venture Partners. In the next round (2013), it raised Rs six crore from the same set of investors.
"It was clear with the advent of e-commerce, consumers would need help in discovering products, in terms of selection, price, choice of e-tailer, etc. With this in mind, we, at Helion, carried out market research a few years ago and found the MySmartPrice team the best placed to address this problem. We also like the strong and organic growth in MySmartPrice's traffic through the past couple of years. In terms of traffic, the company is now among those in the top 10 percentile in the Indian e-commerce space. All these are signs of a great company in the making," says Rahul Chowdhri, director, Helion Venture Partners.
He adds MySmartPrice has been growing about 100 per cent a year and is profitable. He believes the growth could be further accelerated by launching higher-quality mobile apps soon. "MySmartPrice is already one of the largest comparison portals in the country. We believe it will continue to lead the space in the future, too."
According to Kumar, the funds currently available with the company are enough for the next year. "At the moment, we are not planning on acquiring any funds. We are sure our existing investors will help us whenever such a need arises."
At its current run rate, the company is expected to generate revenue of Rs 10-15 crore this financial year and touch the Rs 50-crore mark by the end of next year. "In the next couple of years, we plan to add categories such as toys, baby care, gaming and sports. The growth in mobile internet traffic will be a key factor in our growth," Kumar adds.
Business dynamics
The Indian ecommerce sector is pegged at $15 billion and is expected to grow 30 per cent a year till 2017. The e-retail sector accounts for about 30 per cent of this and largely comprises electronics and fashion. An Accel Ventures report had pegged the e-retail sector at $2 billion in 2013, adding it would increase to $8.5 billion by 2016.
Affiliated spaces such as price comparison sites, deals sites and coupon sites account for about 20 per cent of the total sales in developed markets such as the US, the UK and Japan. It is expected the situation in India, too, will be similar in the coming years.
Currently, MySmartPrice records about 17 million user visits and 11 million unique users a month. It generates gross merchandise value (which indicates total sales value for merchandise sold through a particular marketplace, through a certain period) of $80 million a year for its partner stores, something it plans to double next year.
For most businesses affiliated to the e-retail segment, mobile phones and electronic goods account for about three quarters of all transactions, says Kumar. This is also true of price comparison sites. Most companies cater exclusively to mobile phones and electronics (with the share of mobiles significantly larger). For MySmartPrice, the mobile phone space contributes about 70 per cent to its revenue, electronics 15 per cent, and categories such as books and apparel account for the rest, Kumar says.
Some of the major global price comparison services are Shopping.com (the UK), NexTag (the US), CompareXpress (Singapore), AskHanuman (Thailand), Buscape (Latin America), and Amazon's Junglee. In India, too, this segment is growing fast, with several small and niche players making their entry. Kumar says while some are focusing on a certain number of categories, none cater to the breadth of categories or partner the number of stores that MySmartPrice does.
FACT BOX
Area of business: Price comparison, online shopping
 
Founding team: Sitakanta Ray and Sulakshan Kumar floated MySmartPrice in 2010
 
Market size: The Indian e-retail segment should generate sales worth $10 billion by 2016. The Indian affiliate sector has potential to contribute $2 billion to this.
 
Funding: Raised Rs 2 crore in Series A funding from Accel Partners and Helion Venture Partners in December 2011, and Rs 6 crore from the same investors in 2013
 
Revenues: Rs 10-15 crore this financial year, and Rs 50 crore by the end of next financial year
EXPERT TAKE
Price comparison comes naturally to Indians. MySmartPrice makes life easier for customers trying to figure the best e-commerce store to buy from. As the number of ecommerce stores in the market increases, the utility of MySmartPrice will continue to rise. It works as an affiliate for e-commerce stores…There are very few operating expenses other than employee costs. That way, the viability of the business model isn't much of a challenge.
For the MySmartPrice team, the primary challenge is ensuring it grows fast enough to avoid a fragmented market for price comparison. Its success will also depend on its ability to convince users to use its services for more and more purchases.
The company is doing a good job of integrating price comparison with product discovery. It helps users decide which product to buy, apart from price comparison. Other elements such as separate coupons section, a deals section and the new fashion section clearly distinguish MySmartPrice from its competitors.
To grow its user base, the company has relied greatly on SEO (search engine optimisation). Unfortunately, this method is slow and has an upper limit on user addition. Now, MySmartPrice must invest in marketing through traditional channels; it should also invest in branding. One of the biggest challenges it might face is building customer loyalty. To address this, a sturdy user management system should be put in place.
MySmartPrice has to continue adding more categories and stores. It has a good scope of improvement in the product discovery segment. In addition, if it integrates offline prices, too, it will become unbeatable.
Mukesh Singh is CEO of online grocery retailer Zopnow

Labour under-utilisation in the USAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Concern over fresh pension fund shake-upConcern over move to end death taxes on pension funds
By Josephine Cumbo, Pensions Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22ddc01e-4735-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba plans HK version of YuE Bao fundAlibaba in talks for HK version of Yu’E Bao money market fund
By Henny Sender in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/402e45ee-4573-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Standard Chartered reducing diamond exposureYou are here: Home > Collections > Lenders
Standard Chartered reducing diamond exposure; lenders demand extra collateral from diamantaires
Sugata Ghosh & Ram Sahgal, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 04.07AM IST
Tags:
Diamond
(Besides rough diamond stock,…)
MUMBAI: Diamond houses will soon knock on the doors of banks. British lender Standard Chartered Bank, one of the top financiers to the trade, has told several diamantaires in India and other countries that it is slashing its exposure to the business.
With Antwerp Diamond Bank going in for liquidation, RBS scaling back its loans in the last few years, and other lenders insisting on extra collateral, StanChart's move may worry many diamond firms.
"It's a global decision by Stan-Chart. It's taking a relook at the business. Having aggressively built the loan portfolio since 2009, it now wants to lower the concentration of risk," said a banker familiar with the development. StanChart has also lowered its exposure to gold and bullion trade in India after default by Winsome - an event that rattled banks last year.
When contacted, a StanChart spokesman declined to comment on the subject.
Local lenders, including large state-owned banks like State Bank of India and Bank of India, discount export bills, and provide overdraft, packing credit and working capital to diamond business. SBI is believed to have the highest exposure. A year ago many diamond companies were told by their banks to chip in more collateral to keep alive existing credit lines.
"We understand that Standard Chartered is reducing exposure. This will hurt the industry at a time exports are down 10% and other banks have tightened financing requirement. The industry is suffering because of a few fly-by-night operators," said Vipul Shah, chairman of the industry body Gems & Jewellery Export Promotion Council. Shah said that StanChart could lower its exposure by as much as 25%. Antwerp Diamond Bank has told GJEPC recently that its loan exposure would be cut in centres like Mumbai, Hong Kong, Dubai and Singapore first where the limits were lesser than in Antwerp, where the overall exposure of around $1.2 billion is much larger.
While the liquidation of Antwerp Diamond Bank would hurt some of the Indian houses based in Antwerp, Stan-Chart's decision could impact diamond companies here if other banks are unwilling to take additional exposure.
Besides rough diamond stock, lenders ask for fixed assets, cash margin and claim on receivables for extending credit facilities. Total exposure by Indian banks to the diamond trade is between $6 billion and $7 billion. The interest charged is around 13%.
In order to meet additional collateral demanded by banks last year amid falling property prices, some of the diamond companies had hypothecated their office premise in Bharat Diamond Bourse in Bandra Kurla Complex in addition to the ones in Prasad and Pancharatna which constitute the original diamond hub.
Standard Chartered aggressively started building its diamond book after the Lehman collapse when another international bank ABN Amro began reducing its exposure limits. However, sources said, they soon realised it wasn't their cup of tea and recently began reducing their limits to clients across the industry.
Mehul Choksi, chairman of Gitanjali group, too confirmed the news in the market about Standard Chartered having reduced exposure limits gradually. But he said this was being done "selectively." To compound matters for the industry, financial institutions, both domestic and international, are unlikely to fill the liquidity void being created by the likes of ADB and to some extent that by StanC .
"Due to the present low perception of the industry, it's unlikely that any bank will step in to fill the liquidity gap being left by international private banks," said Vinod Shetye, a former head of the International Banking Division at a local bank and director of Maulik Consultants Pvt Ltd, offering consultancy in trade finance.
Financing norms are being tightened even as the industry finds itself in a state of flux. The world's leading diamond company De Beers, a member of the Anglo American plc group, recently said in a report that while diamonds retain their special allure with consumers around the world, future demand levels cannot be taken for granted. The overall category is facing increasingly strong and sophisticated competition from other luxury categories, with diamonds' share of advertising voice in the US market having reduced within its competitive set, said the company.
Global rough diamond production in 2013 increased by 7% in carat terms over 2012 levels to a total of around 145 million carats, but this remains well below the 2005 peak of around 175 million carats. The industry is also adjusting to emerging trends like China becoming the world's fast growing market for diamond jewellery and one in six diamond jewellery purchases in the US happening online.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6You are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as iPhone 5S being offered at discounted prices on e-commerce sites
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 12.19PM IST
(According to sellers that…)
NEW DELHI: Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch because they are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily discounted prices on popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.
"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going online.
A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Apple products are distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro. ET could not independently confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple didn't respond to emailed queries seeking comment.
An executive close to dealings at Apple India said the company hasn't authorised marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell iPhones in India. Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones while Flipkart is authorised to sell iPads and iPods.
The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well, for instance, when Amazon started operating in the US.
In India, where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14% of mobile phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly basis, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase as Internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.
"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.
Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were facing massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at much lower prices.
"The price difference is as high as Rs 11,000 on some models. Apple is liquidating stocks of the older models," he said, alleging that the company was doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next month. He added that state trade associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were protesting against the brands.
E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for the company in India this year, on offer at betweenRs 34,000 and Rs 36,000, as much as 36% less than the original retail price of Rs 53,500.
The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for Rs 33,999.
Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers. The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.
Google has partnered with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One smartphones priced between Rs 6,299 and Rs 6,499, exclusively on the three e-commerce sites.
Spice didn't respond to ET's queries at the time of writing. "To ensure convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a judicious mix of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue to be the lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our retail network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.
A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is a huge market and hence different channels are developing to serve the various consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach towards all sales channels."
A senior executive from a large format retail chain told ET that he had returned his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding that they cannot compete with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the brands individually, but I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being treated unfairly."
Several large format retailers, including UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobiles, The Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an informal association that is trying to sort out the situation and will be speaking to consumers and the government on the matter, which they say threatens their survival.
However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti.
The Essar Group-owned company, which owns more than 800 stores across the country, plans to partner with e-commerce players to augment revenue and limit the loss of customers.
Sangeetha Mobiles' online store, ShopNo47.com, launched on eBay India's site early this month to sell mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and accessories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong dollar hits six month lowAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Treasury Wine ceases talks with biddersAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Why global commodity prices are crashing and what it means for IndiaWhy global commodity prices are crashing and what it means for India
Written by
Nidhi Nath Srinivas Nidhi Nath Srinivas is the chief marketing officer at the National Commodities and Derivatives Exchange
September 29, 2014
Farmers will be hit by low prices, but it will be a while before inflation eases.(AP Photo/Rajesh Kumar Singh)
SHARE
Written by
Nidhi Nath Srinivas Nidhi Nath Srinivas is the chief marketing officer at the National Commodities and Derivatives Exchange
Obsession
Modinomics
September 29, 2014
When commodity prices spiked in 2007-08, it took most people by surprise. The global commodity “super cycle” had crept up upon us stealthily. This month commodity markets have been jolted again. Energy, metals, bullion and agricultural commodities have all hit multi-year lows. Only this time, there is a method to the madness.
The large investments in mining and refineries made since the 2008 boom are now coming on stream, which has brought global demand and supply finally close to equilibrium. Food crops are bolstered by good agronomical weather for two consecutive seasons. Add to this a dollar that hasn’t been stronger since Bretton Woods and you have the perfect conditions to foster bearishness.
Shale is changing oil dynamics
Crude oil prices have defied the price trend you would expect given the geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, Africa, and Central Europe because of slowing demand and well supplied markets. Oil demand could dwindle further due to an economic slowdown in Asia and lower US imports as it scales up shale oil production. US became the world’s largest natural gas producer in 2009 and may become the largest oil producer in a few years.
US oil production achieved its highest July level in 28 years, and oil imports declined to their lowest July level in 19 years. US refineries are taking advantage of the low oil prices by maximizing their processing volumes and raising exports, especially to Europe. At the same time, the oil that is no longer being bought by the US is also flooding the world market and pushing prices downwards.
Metal demand is subdued
New metals supply is coming on stream, triggered by investments after the 2007-2008 boom. China, which contributes 45% of the demand for copper and aluminum, remains in surplus and capacity continues to rise strongly. The International Aluminum Institute estimates China produced almost 9% more in the first seven months of the year versus the same period last year. But the Chinese real estate market is oversupplied and fewer new projects are likely to start in future. This will affect metal demand. Iron ore is in oversupply from higher production in Australia, which is determined to give China stiff competition.
A firm US dollar and rising equity markets have curbed investment demand for gold. Recent bouts of safe haven buying due to geopolitical tensions have not been able to staunch the significant outflows from gold, platinum and palladium ETFs. Chinese gold imports from Hong Kong declined for the fifth consecutive month in July to just 22 tons—their lowest level for more than three years. At this rate, China may import less than 700 tons of gold from Hong Kong this year, down from 1,100 tons last year. India’s gold imports are already in doldrums.
Monsoons weren’t that bad, afterall

Maharashtra elections: Raj Thackeray attacks BJP  says split with Shiv Sena planned a month ago24
0
Mumbai: Launching a scathing attack against the BJP for ending its 25-year-old alliance with the Uddav Thackeray led-Shiv Sena, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray said here Sunday that had patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive, he would have ended the alliance a month ago.
"Do you think that the BJP can now be trusted after what they did to the Shiv Sena? Some BJP leader told me that they had planned the break-up long ago. Did Uddhav not understand this? If Balasaheb would have been alive today, he would have broken the alliance a month ago itself," Thackeray said, addressing his maiden election rally here.
Maharashtra assembly polls are scheduled to be held on October 15.
Thackeray said that Uddhav should immediately ask his party leader and Shiv Sena minister in the Modi government, Anant Geete, to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to the Shiv Sena.
#shiv sena #bjp #raj thackeray #uddhav thackeray
Thackeray said that Uddhav should immediately ask his party leader and Shiv Sena minister in the Modi government, Anant Geete, to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to the Shiv Sena.
"Instead of talking about crucial issues like corruption and farmer suicides plaguing Maharashtra, they were busy fighting for seats," he said.
"Do you know why are they (Shiv Sena and BJP) not breaking their alliance in the cash rich Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation? It is because the BMC is a source of income for them," he alleged.
Thackeray said that one of the first issues he would address if voted to power is affordable homes for people who stay in hutments or on rent.
"People in Maharashtra are staying in rented homes, when they can surely buy homes. If the government has the will power, it can definitely provide cheap homes to people who stay in hutments or on rent. If we are voted to power, it is our promise that we will provide cheap and affordable homes to our people," he said.
8

At least 40 arrested after religious clashes in GujaratSep 29, 2014 at 07:17am IST
At least 40 arrested after religious clashes in Gujarat
84
0
New Delhi: Authorities in Gujarat arrested at least 40 people after late-night clashes between Hindus and Muslims in Vadodara and suspended mobile phone Internet and bulk text messaging services for four days, officials said on Sunday.
Crowds from the two religious communities pelted each other with stones and set several vehicles alight until police dispersed them using tear gas on Saturday evening after days of tensions in the city, police said.
Gujarat is the home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is currently in the United States and is scheduled to meet President Barack Obama.
The trouble in Vadodara started with a posting on Facebook that some Muslims deemed offensive.
The state has a majority Hindu population and a history of religious conflict. At least 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, died in Gujarat in 2002 in violence between Hindus and Muslims. Modi was chief minister of the state at the time.
The trouble in Vadodara started with a posting on Facebook that some Muslims deemed offensive.
Police in the city said mobile phone text messages and other social media had been used to spread messages about rioting and to inflame religious tensions.
The four-day suspension of the mobile Internet, bulk text messaging and MMS services began on Saturday, a crime branch official in Vadodara said on condition of anonymity.
Residents in the city confirmed that services were disrupted.
Emboldened by Modi's emphatic election victory in May, Hindu hardliners have been agitating in parts of India against religious minorities.
A prominent right-wing Hindu group on Thursday warned Muslims and Christians against taking part in the Navratri festival as before.
"We have made 40 arrests since last night and will make more to quell the rioting," SK Nanda, Gujarat's Home Secretary, said.
The police did not provide the number of injured in the clashes.
On Sunday, the streets of Vadodara were calm but the authorities remained on alert.
"Not many people are out due to fear of recurrence of violence," said a senior state government official, who did not wish to be identified. "We are keeping a close eye on the situation."
For long Modi was denied a visa by the United States over allegations of religious intolerance stemming from Gujarat riots in 2002. Critics have accused Modi of allowing the riots to happen, but courts have found no evidence to indict him.
The state has largely been peaceful since then.
84

Video: Police use tear gas at HK protestShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hong Kong protest #1: Police fire tear gas at crowd
Sep 28, 2014 : Police fired tear gas canisters at students and pro-democracy campaigners camped out near the Hong Kong government offices on Sunday. The FT's Demetri Sevastopulo reports from inside the protest barricades.

 Asian Shares Mixed  Hong Kong Tumbles After ProtestsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Mixed, Hong Kong Tumbles After Protests
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 29, 2014 08:25 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Hong Kong: Asian markets were mixed Monday with Hong Kong tumbling more than two per cent after a weekend of unrest as pro-democracy demonstrations led to the closure of parts of the southern Chinese city.
The stand-off, the worst since the handover in 1997, saw police fire tear gas into crowds of thousands of protestors on Sunday and has led to the closure of several businesses, bank branches and schools.
Protest leaders have vowed to not back down until Beijing gives in to their demands for full universal suffrage.
In early trade Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index slumped 2.31 per cent, with the city's banking giants taking a heavy hit. HSBC was down 0.96 per cent, Hang Seng Bank was 1.50 per cent lower and Standard Chartered lost 1.40 per cent.
The HSI was already on a downtrend owing to concerns about the Chinese economy following a string of weak indicators recently. It has lost 6.5 per cent since hitting its 2014 high at the start of the month.
Elsewhere, Sydney slipped 0.30 per cent, but Shanghai climbed 0.54 per cent, while Tokyo added 0.61 per cent and Seoul was 0.15 per cent higher.
Japanese shares ticked up as the dollar pushed up against the yen, heading towards the 110 yen mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
Gross domestic product grew 4.6 per cent, the Commerce Department said, better than the previous 4.2 per cent estimate.
The figure shows a strong rebound from the first quarter's 2.1 per cent contraction, which was blamed in part on unusually severe winter weather that hit the country.
The news sent the dollar higher in New York, hitting 109.28 in late trade Friday. On Monday the greenback bought 109.42 yen.
It also rose against the euro. In Tokyo Monday the single currency was at $1.2678 compared with $1.2683.
The euro was also at 138.74 yen, from 138.60 yen.
Wall Street provided a strong lead for Asia, with the Dow rising 0.99 per cent, the S&P 500 adding 0.86 per cent and the Nasdaq rallying 1.02 per cent.
On oil markets US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery eased 53 cents to $93.01 while Brent crude for November fell 27 cents to $96.73.
Gold was at $1,218.74 an ounce against $1,223.10 late Friday.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 08:23 (IST)

Democracy activists plan to disrupt Hong Kong is starting to workThe Future of Hong Kong
September 29, 2014
HONG KONG—Thousands of pro-democracy protestors continued to block Hong Kong’s streets this morning, forcing some of the city’s biggest companies to ask staff to stay home, and prompting the territory’s central bank to set emergency plans in motion.
After police fired tear gas at “Occupy Central” protestors on Sunday night in Hong Kong’s central business district, demonstrations spread overnight to at least three other busy districts, spreading Hong Kong’s police force thin.
Tap image to zoom
(Reuters/Bobby Yip)
Exhausted students napped on sidewalks and in the center of roads, shared food, and sang songs. Students with garbage bags moved through the crowd, picking up cigarette butts and other litter, while organizers cleared public crosswalks so that pedestrian commuters could get to work.
Sit in and singing in Causeway Bay at 7am #occupy http://t.co/z9YOk4QXfx —
Heather Timmons  (@HeathaT) September 28, 2014
The students were joined last night by thousands of other recruits, who said they’d been drawn to the protests after seeing footage of police tear-gassing students the night before. “If a group of students is expressing their opinion in a peaceful way, I think we should support them,” Anthony, a 27-year old marketing executive, told Quartz.
The stated aim of some demonstrators—to bring one of the world’s most important financial districts to a standstill until demands for free elections are met—seems to be working, at least partially. Companies including Ernst & Young and CITIC told their employees to stay home , the city closed schools in several neighborhoods and stores closed. Branches, offices, and ATMs of more than a dozen banks have been temporarily closed because of “public disorder,” the Hong Kong Monetary Authority said in an emailed statement, and the HKMA has activated “business contingency plans.” Over 200 bus routes have been either canceled or diverted and several metro stations near protest sites were either closed by officials, or barricaded by protestors.
Hong Kong's morning commute is definitely disrupted #Occupy pic.twitter.com/mcureiEYAU
— Heather Timmons  (@HeathaT) September 28, 2014
Normally bumper-to-bumper traffic was non-existent in the early hours of the morning.
Surreal Monday morning rush hour in Hong Kong. Eight lanes empty of traffic. pic.twitter.com/ucp3CtQKOy
— enda curran (@endacurran) September 28, 2014
Within 30 minutes of markets’ opening, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index was down more than 1.6% .
Response in China has been swift. Public discussion and images of the demonstrations are quickly being scrubbed from the Chinese internet: Instagram appears to have been blocked in mainland China, and discussion of protests was  scrubbed from the microblog Weibo . Chinese news organizations have been instructed to delete any information on the “Hong Kong students violently assaulting the government” from their websites, although the state-owned China Daily, which publishes in English, carried a lengthy account of the “illegal assembly” and “unauthorized sit-in” that “spun out of control.”
Currently, the top story on the English-language version of Xinhua, China’s state news wire, is about praise for president Xi Jinping’s speech about reunification with Taiwan.
That point of view seems to be absent in Taiwan itself, where Taiwanese students are now holding a sit-in at the Hong Kong Hong Kong Economic Trade and Culture Office, in Taipei, in solidarity with Hong Kong:
Students occupy Hong Kong Economic Trade and Culture Office in Taipei (Photo from Lin Fei-fan) #Taiwan #OccupyCentral pic.twitter.com/ISqNK73VIi
— Ketty W. Chen (@HelloKetty1998) September 29, 2014
Share this:

Jayalalithaa loyalist Panneerselvam is new Tamil Nadu CM  to take oath today.E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pakistan climbs down to admit: our Hurriyat invite was bad timingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

At New York s Madison Square Garden  PM Narendra Modi brings NRI house downAt New York's Madison Square Garden, PM Narendra Modi brings NRI house down
Ritu Sarin | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 14:29  IST
Sep 29 2014, 14:29  IST
 

For Jan Dhan  banks to lend Rs 1.65 lakh crore via overdraftE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hands up  dont shoot comes to Hong Kongs pro-democracy movementThe Future of Hong Kong
September 29, 2014
HONG KONG—Thousands of pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong have, perhaps unwittingly, united themselves with another protest movement some 8,000 miles away. Activists demanding free elections for the semi-autonomous territory have been holding their hands up in the air in a symbol of non-violent protest, a gesture many in the US recognize from  recent protests in Ferguson, Missouri  after an unarmed 18-year-old was shot to death by police.
RT @dangillmor Hong Kong "hands up, don't shoot" emulation of Ferguson protests is such a powerful image: pic.twitter.com/TPc8xUAs3k
— Patrick Chovanec (@prchovanec) September 29, 2014
Most Hong Kong protesters aren’t purposefully  mimicking “hands up, don’t shoot ,”as some have suggested. Instead, the gesture is a result of training and instructions from protest leaders, who have told demonstrators to raise their hands with palms forward to signal their peaceful intentions to police.
Asked about any link between the gesture and Ferguson, Icy Ng, a 22-year-old design student at Hong Kong Polytechnic University said, “I don’t think so. We have our hands up for showing both the police and media that we have no weapons in our hands.” Ng had not heard of the Ferguson protests. Another demonstrator, Ellie Ng, 24, said the gesture had nothing to do with Ferguson and is intended to demonstrate that “Hong Kong protesters are peaceful, unarmed, and mild.” (A more important symbol for the movement may be the umbrella , which protesters have been using to protect themselves against pepper spray and tear gas.)
Still, the gesture has taken on new meaning for Hong Kong residents whose relationship with the city’s police may never be the same. Hong Kong is one of the most intensively policed cities in the world, with a police force of 30,000 that rivals New York City’s but serves a fraction of New York’s population. The last time Hong Kong authorities used tear gas against demonstrators was in 2005, during demonstrations outside of a World Trade Organization meeting, and in 1967, when leftist activists rioted throughout the city.
Now, residents are shocked by images of students being tear gassed and elderly demonstrators being pepper sprayed in the face , footage that has prompted more protesters to join demonstrations on Monday .
Tear gas hitting the crowds on Harcourt Road at 6pm today. More photos: http://t.co/yMTl73fBCg . #OccupyCentral . pic.twitter.com/K1vm5UiB0B
Share
Tap image to zoom
Protesters chant slogans in front of the police during a confrontation in Hong Kong September 27, 2014.(Reuters/Bobby Yip)
Share
Tap image to zoom
A student protester in Hong Kong tries to negotiate with riot police as they fire pepper spray in to the crowd on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014.(AP Photo/Wally Santana))
Share
Tap image to zoom
Protesters walk through tear gas used by riot police against protesters on a main road at the financial central district in Hong Kong on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014(AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
Share this:

Mahindra Quanto AMT to be launched in India by year-endSep 29, 2014, 08.29 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Mahindra Quanto AMT to be launched in India by year-end
However, at the launch of the brand new Scorpio, we received word that Mahindra will be bringing in the Quanto with an AMT gearbox by the end of this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mahindra Quanto AMT to be launched in India by year-end
However, at the launch of the brand new Scorpio, we received word that Mahindra will be bringing in the Quanto with an AMT gearbox by the end of this year.
Post your opinion here
 
Among Mahindra 's many displays at the 12th Auto Expo earlier this year was the Quanto compact UV with an AMT (automated manual transmission) gearbox.
The car slipped into the sidelines, especially over the last two months that have been teeming with launches.
However, at the launch of the brand new Scorpio, we received word that Mahindra will be bringing in the Quanto with an AMT gearbox by the end of this year.
AMTs have been all the rage off late as they offer the benefit of an automatic experience but are much more cost effective for manufacturers. This means that the masses finally have the opportunity to experience clutchless driving.
M&M stock price
On November 21, 2014, Mahindra and Mahindra closed at Rs 1246.50, up Rs 14.65, or 1.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1421.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 847.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 58.92 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 270.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.61.
RELATED NEWS

Super Six short term picks for September 29Sep 29, 2014, 08.20 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Super Six short term picks for September 29
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com suggests buying Bharat Forge with a target of Rs 830-845 and Asian Paints with a target of Rs 645-655.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Super Six short term picks for September 29
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com suggests buying Bharat Forge with a target of Rs 830-845 and Asian Paints with a target of Rs 645-655.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Bazaar on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Meghana V Malkan, Manas Jaiswal and Aditya Agarwal share, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com
Buy  Bharat Forge with a stoploss at Rs 790 and target of Rs 830-845
Buy  Asian Paints with a stoploss at Rs 615 and target of Rs 645-655
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
Sell  Bajaj Auto with a stoploss at Rs 2390 and target of Rs 2050
Buy  HDFC Bank with a stoploss at Rs 855 and target of Rs 895
Aditya Agarwal of Way2Wealth Securities
Buy  Bharat Forge with a stoploss at Rs 780 and target of Rs 860-865
Sell  Aditya Birla Nuvo with a stoploss at Rs 1690 and target of Rs 1580
X

Change of guard in Tamil Nadu today  Panneerselvam to be the new CMSep 29, 2014 at 08:05am IST
Change of guard in Tamil Nadu today, Panneerselvam to be the new CM
11
0
Chennai: She is the first sitting Chief Minister to be convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act and sentenced to four years in jail. But the AIADMK aims to persevere. J Jayalalithaa has hand picked her successor, entrusting her loyalist and Finance Minister O Panneerselvam with the top job in the state.
Panneerselvam and his Cabinet will take oath on Monday around 12 in the noon.
He was formally elected by AIADMK MLAs at a meeting in Chennai on Sunday. This will be his second innings as Chief Minister. He was first elected the Tamil Nadu CM in 2001 when Jaya was convicted in TANSI land scam.
Panneerselvam and his Cabinet will take oath on Monday around 12 in the noon.
#jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #chennai #panneerselvam
"It is very simple. It is better to go for a trusted lieutenant whom you have already tried earlier. He had already warmed up the chair for Jaya. It is predictable and easy," says Gnani, political analyst.
Meanwhile, the AIADMK supremo plans to move the Karnataka High Court on Monday for a stay on her conviction and will also apply for bail.
While a bus was burnt in Virudhunagar, most other parts of the state was violence free with protests. Security was beefed up across the state including outside DMK chief K Karunanidhi's residence where clashes between AIADMK and DMK cadres took place on Saturday.
"Nothing to be angry or jubilant. We didn't want to make it a political issue by more democratic methods. They have slammed innocent people," said DMK spokesperson T K S Elangovan.
The Chennai police has filed 3 FIRS against Karunanidhi and his son MK Stalin in connection with violence.
The new Cabinet under Panneerselvam will officially take oath on Monday. But these developments have perhaps changed the very fabric of the political arena in Tamil Nadu.
0

Asia cues are likely to drag markets lowerAsia cues are likely to drag markets lower
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 08:23 AM IST
Markets are likely to open on a lower note tracking weakness in the Asian markets. In addition, investors will remain cautious ahead of the RBI monetary policy scheduled tomorrow.
 
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday would set the tone for the stock market in a holiday-shortened week ahead.
 
Stock markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra respectively.
 
Market participants will be looking at the outcome of the apex bank's monetary policy meet on September 30 and HSBC India Manufacturing PMI for September, due on October 1. Further, shares of automobile companies will be in focus amid release of sales data for September on Wednesday.
 
Global Markets:
 
The dollar hit a four-year peak against a basket of currencies in early Asian trade on Monday, bolstering Japanese shares, but other Asian shares shrugged off Friday's Wall Street rebound in the face of political unrest in Hong Kong.
 
The U.S. Commerce Department on Friday raised its estimate of gross domestic product growth to an annualized 4.6 percent, the fastest pace in 2-1/2 years, and accelerating from the 4.2 percent reported last month.
 
Japan's Nikkei average is up 0.4 percent after U.S. shares bounced on Friday from sell-off the day before, with the yen's weakness flattering the export sector and Shanghai Composite has gained 0.1%. However, Hang Seng has lost more than 2% on the back of increasing civil unrest in Hong Kong.
 
Central Hong Kong descended into chaos on Sunday as pro-democracy protesters converged on barricades as hundreds of police cordoned off streets and walkways and tensions flared amid the arrest of several lawmakers. Police used tear gas to disperse demonstrators.
Further, the early indicator, SGX Nifty is trading lower by 27 points at 7,996 levels.
 
Stocks to watch:
 
Financial Technologies (India) said in a statement to the BSE that it has entered into a supplementary agreement (master amendment to the principal agreements) for providing software support and managed services to the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) valid until 2022. The agreement, however, is renewable as may be mutually agreed between the parties.
 
National Aluminium Company (Nalco), the navratna public sector undertaking under ministry of mines, plans to set up a 100 Mw wind power project with an investment of Rs 660 crore.
 
Global commercial vehicle major Daimler is looking to replicate the success of its trucks business in India in the bus segment as well with its new bus plant in the country slated to be operational by second half of next year.
 
L&T Finance, a subsidiary of L&T Finance Holdings, is targeting a fivefold increase in its microfinance loan portfolio in the next 24-30 months. The company had scaled down this business following the crisis in Andhra Pradesh’s microfinance sector in October, 2010.
 
Ruchi Soya Industries, the largest edible oil refiner in the country, is planning to cut edible oil prices by 10 per cent by Diwali, as prices have started to cool off in the global markets.
Loss-making state-owned telecom service providers, Bharat Sanchar Nigam (BSNL) and MTNL are likely to gain focus after telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that these two companies will not be  will not be privatised; instead they will be turned around.
 

Treasury Wine rejects A$3.4bn takeover bidsTreasury Wine Estates to go it alone after rejecting A$3.4bn bids
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b4618b4-477d-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty seen opening lower; may retest 7950 levelsFederal Reserve
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Thursday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 7950 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 31 points lower at 7959 indicating lower opening on the domestic market.
Nifty opened positive but remained highly range bound throughout the session to conclude the day with a gain of 42 points at 7975. Sensex rose 138.75 points to 26631.29.
After Tuesday's decline Nifty managed to respect the support level of 7920 and we witnessed a bounce back till slightly under 8000 level.
"Nifty now has resistance placed at 8000 to 8050 range. If it continues to remain under 8050 then we may see yet another decline which may take the index down till 7920," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"For strength to return the Index should initially surpass 8050 and beyond that 8120. If in the next few days 7900 is also breached then the next vital support and the trend reversal level for the advance since past few months is placed at 7820," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that any decline that breaches even the support of 7820 should be approached with extreme caution.
Overnight, US stocks ended higher after the U.S. Federal Reserve renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" and repeated concerns over slack in the labor market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
"Interest rate projections, however, show Fed officials expect rate hikes, when they come, will do so at a quicker pace than previously forecast," Reuters reported.
"The reaction also overshadowed a surprisingly soft reading on U.S. inflation, even as Fed Chair Janet Yellen emphasized that policy would be highly dependent on how the economy actually performed in coming months," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 24.88 points, or 0.15 per cent, to 17,156.85, the S&P 500 gained 2.59 points, or 0.13 per cent, to 2,001.57 and the Nasdaq Composite was added 9.43 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 4,562.19.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.09 per cent higher at 16,060 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.70 per cent lower at 24,207.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.34 per cent lower at 2,055 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.05 per cent lower at 2,307.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry Launches Square-screen Passport in Turnaround PushSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Toronto: BlackBerry Ltd's unconventional square-screened smartphone, the Passport, earned mixed reviews at its launch on Wednesday as the company's turnaround push moved into a critical phase in which it must prove its handsets are still desirable.
BlackBerry showed off the new device at events in Toronto, London and Dubai. The smartphone, which has a large touchscreen and a modified version of the company's well-known keyboard, comes to market as the phones of BlackBerry's rivals all converge on a tall, rectangular profile.
The Canadian company says its new device is ideal for professionals who need secure access and editing control of spreadsheets, medical scans and other documents. But reviewers said consumers may be disappointed to find some popular apps, including Instagram, were missing at launch.
"The Passport is a shrine to everything BlackBerry has done over the last 15 years, but none of that is very relevant in today's world," a reviewer for tech website The Verge wrote.
Another tech website, CNET, gave the phone 3.5 stars out of five, praising the keyboard but saying the phone's shape makes it awkward to hold.
Rob Enderle, an analyst at Enderle Group, said BlackBerry could have moved more quickly to combine keyboard and large screen. "Their loyal customer base is very keyboard-driven, and you want to be able to provide them with something that allows them to step into the future," he said.
Users can type to enter text, or swipe lightly across the slimmed-down keyboard to navigate. And using a new system called BlackBerry Blend, they can respond to messages and access information stored on their phones from tablets and computers.
The stock gained more than 3 per cent on Nasdaq to $10.89.
Trying times
After recently concluding a three-year restructuring process, BlackBerry and its chief executive, John Chen, now must prove the company's new devices and services can generate sustainable revenue and profit.
"BlackBerry is still fighting for survival," said Morningstar analyst Brian Colello. "There is still a lot of execution risk at this point in a very competitive market."
Speaking at the Toronto launch, which included an appearance by retired hockey star Wayne Gretzky, Chen thanked employees who have survived repeated purges of the company's ranks, noting they've been through "very trying times".
"I'm sure we're on our way back," he said.
Passport is now on sale in some North American and European markets, with a suggested retail price of C$699 ($629) in Canada and $599 in the United States.
BlackBerry said it expects the price on contract to be about $249. It said the phone should be available in more than 30 countries by yearend. It will be carried by AT&T in the United States.
Canada's Telus has a short exclusive window in which it will offer the phone for C$200.
Passport users can download apps from Amazon.com Inc's app store, previously only available for Android-based phones.
Needed: One hit phone
Waterloo, Ontario-based BlackBerry is set to report its second-quarter results on Friday and within months launch the BlackBerry Classic, which bears similarities to its once wildly popular Bold smartphone.
"BlackBerry just needs one hit phone for now," Colello said. "It doesn't quite matter whether it is the Passport, the Classic or anything else, but they do need one device to jump-start the hardware business."
Chen said in April BlackBerry's handset unit could return to profit on sales of as few as 10 million devices a year. Rival Apple Inc said this month it sold 10 million new iPhone 6 models in its first weekend.
The company hopes the new devices, coupled with its new mobile-device management system, BlackBerry Enterprise Service 12 (BES12), will allow it to claw back ground in both hardware and services.
The BES 12 platform, due out next month, will allow large companies and government agencies to manage Windows-based devices and more easily administer Android and iOS devices alongside their BlackBerry fleet.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Facebook to Win EU Approval for $19 Billion WhatsApp Bid: ReportSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Brussels: Facebook, the world's leading social network, will win unconditional EU approval for its $19 billion offer for mobile messaging start-up WhatsApp in a deal pitting it against telecoms operators, two people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
The landmark acquisition, the largest in Facebook's 10-year history, will give the company a firm foothold in the fast-growing mobile messaging market.
A plan by WhatsApp to add free voice-call services for its 450 million customers later this year, however, makes it a potentially powerful competitor to companies such as Deutsche Telekom, Telecom Italia and Telefonica.
Analysts said the move is likely to hit telecoms providers' turnover as the industry heads into its fifth year of revenue decline. The sector had looked to EU regulators to extract concessions from Facebook.
Facebook convinced the commission that the deal had no anti-competitive effect and, therefore, concessions were not necessary, the sources said.
"It's unconditional clearance," one of the people said, declining to be named because the decision by the European Commission was not yet public.
Commission spokesman Antoine Colombani declined to comment. The European Union competition authority has set an Oct. 3 deadline for its decision.
The deal does not seem to pose any competition problems as far as the commission is concerned, Tobias Caspary, a partner at law firm Fried Frank, said.
"Both parties are offering their services for free. It seems unlikely that customers are locked in with respect to instant messaging, and it would be relatively easy to switch to alternative offers, for example Skype or Line," he said.
"Also relevant factors looked at were probably that the entry barriers are relatively low for the instant messaging market, that this is still a nascent market characterized by rapid changes and growth, and that there are several recent entrants."
US regulators gave the green light for the deal in April, telling WhatsApp to stick to its current privacy practices after the merger, including not to use users' personal data for targeted ads.
WhatsApp and its rivals such as KakaoTalk, China's WeChat and Viber have in recent years won over telecoms operators' customers with a free text messaging option, posing a serious threat to the sector's revenues from this business, which totalled about $120 billion last year, according to market researcher Ovum.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Red tape mars India s space flightsRed tape mars India's space flights
Aditya Kalra        Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 14:33 IST
ISRO scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi (L) on screens after Mars orbiter successfully entered at their Spacecraft Control Center in Bangalore on September 24, 2014.  Photo: Reuters
As India celebrated becoming the first Asian nation to reach Mars , S.M. Vaidya, head of business at conglomerate Godrej's aerospace division that made the spacecraft's engine and thruster components, sounded surprisingly downbeat.
The mission was, indeed, a major achievement, he said, and one of which the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) should be proud.
But a single trip to Mars was not enough to sustain a promising yet relatively small industry, he added, and ISRO should be doing more to foster it.
"Unless they fly more, they will not buy more from us," Vaidya told Reuters, shortly after news broke on Wednesday that Mangalyaan, Hindi for "Mars craft", had entered into orbit around the Red Planet about 10 months after launching.
"How many Mars missions are you going to have?"
India's successful mission, completed on a shoestring budget of $74 million, has boosted its prestige in the global space race and, back on Earth, raised the profile of Indian companies involved in the project.
But Godrej and some other firms are frustrated at what they say is the slow execution of projects and lack of government support, which are hampering India's efforts to compete with China and Russia as a cheaper option for launching satellites.
ISRO did not reply to questions for this article.
The Mangalyaan was built in 15 months with two-thirds of its parts manufactured by domestic firms such as Godrej & Boyce and India's largest engineering company, Larsen & Toubro.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he wants to expand India's 50-year-old space programme. The government has increased funding for space research by 50 percent to almost $1 billion this financial year.
But the programme is still small, and the small number of launches limits the growth potential of private companies that supply them.
Between 2007 and 2012, ISRO accomplished about half of its planned 60 missions, government data showed. The government cited "development complexity" as the reason for the delay in some missions.
Between 2012 and 2017 the target is 58 missions. The agency has completed 17 missions so far, and ISRO did not say why the number remained low.
Some company executives and experts do not see that changing any time soon, with the absence of heavy rocket launchers, too few launch facilities and bureaucratic delays hampering growth.
MARS MEANS MORE FOR SOME
Larsen & Toubro, which manufactured motor casings and the antenna for Mars probe, is more positive about working with the ISRO, saying it has opened doors to other commercial opportunities.
Space projects have helped enhance its expertise in other sectors such as defence and aerospace, including missile technology and welding, said M. V. Kotwal, president of L&T's heavy engineering division.
"Volumes of business (from ISRO) have been relatively small, of the order of $40 million over the last five years, but the technological fallout in terms of high-precision manufacture has been considerable," Kotwal told Reuters.
L&T has been working with ISRO for over four decades and between 1-5 percent of its heavy engineering division's revenues come from ISRO.
Godrej wanted to explore opportunities with U.S. and European space programmes after its success in India, but Vaidya said government-to-government clearances posed a hurdle.
"We don't want to be only dependent on ISRO," he said.
Now Godrej plans to shift focus from space technology to the aviation export industry, catering to the likes of Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus and trimming ISRO's contribution to their aerospace business to 40 percent from 70 percent currently.
HANDFUL OF LAUNCHES
India's space programme began in the early 1960s and the country has launched 30 Indian and 40 foreign satellites.
The programme developed mainly after Western powers imposed sanctions following India's first nuclear weapons test in 1974.
Still, it remains a small player in a global space industry estimated to be worth more than $300 billion a year.
India performs only a handful of launches annually, compared with 20 or more carried out by the United States, Russia and China, according to the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA), a defence ministry think-tank.
ISRO has struggled to develop heavier launchers to put larger payloads into space, which could attract more business from foreign nations and help it compete.
Progress slowed in the 1990s when, under U.S. pressure, Russia refused to transfer cryogenic engine technology to India that could have helped develop a heavier capacity Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV).
After spending over a decade developing the complex engine, India successfully launched its first GSLV powered with an indigenous cryogenic engine earlier this year.
"They have to make that (GSLV) reliable ... we need three or four launches to claim it is efficient," said Mayank Vahia, a scientist at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
Vahia recommended that ISRO allowed private companies more freedom to develop space technologies, saying the organisation was excessively conservative.
"ISRO needs to put more faith in the industry to deliver the kind of technology they want," he said.
ISRO said last year it planned to bring in the private sector to produce Polar Satellite Launch Vehicles (PSLVs) within five years, allowing it to focus on research.
Ajay Lele of the IDSA said the privatisation of programmes with a proven track record, such as the PSLV, should have started sooner.
Space startups also complained about the lack of state support.
Susmita Mohanty, head of Earth2Orbit (E2O), said India lacked the kind of support given in the United States, such as NASA's Small Business Innovation Research programme which offers funds for research and development of technologies that fulfil its needs.
"With the new pro-business government in Delhi, we are hopeful that we can put the spotlight on 'space commerce', not just 'space diplomacy'," she told Reuters via email.
(Reuters)

US politician emerges as unlikely foe of ModiUS politician emerges as unlikely foe of Narendra Modi
David Ingram        Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 15:22 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi walks out of the airplane as he arrives at JFK airport in New York September 26, 2014, a day before his appearance at the United Nations General Assembly. Photo:  Reuters
A city council member from a Chicago suburb of 25,000 people is making for an unlikely antagonist of Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Joseph Whittington of Harvey, Illinois, worked with a group of New York lawyers to find a nonprofit and file a civil lawsuit that said Modi failed to stop anti-Muslim rioting in 2002. The suit was filed on Thursday in New York and seeks damages for crimes against humanity.
Whittington, 70, said on Friday that he was taking up the cause because some of his constituents were attacked or had family members killed during the riots in Gujarat. Their stories reminded him of the US civil rights movement.
"I can see the same similarities in the struggles of African-Americans," Whittington, who is black, told reporters at a news conference.
Modi has long faced accusations of looking the other way during the violence, but he has denied the accusations. The government called the suit a "frivolous and malicious attempt to distract attention" from Modi's visit to the United States this week.
As a member of the Harvey city council, Whittington has no authority to act in his official capacity against Modi. His advocacy, though, raised to the surface US concerns over Modi's past just as Modi began a trip that includes a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama.
In 2005, the United States denied Modi a visa because of the Gujarat rioting, and it warmed up to him only after it became clear this year that he would win election as prime minister.
At the news conference at a New York hotel, reporters pressed Whittington and two New York lawyers for details on why they were suing Modi and who was behind the nonprofit they founded, the American Justice Center. Whittington is its president.
The three men said that despite their different backgrounds they were united by the idea of justice for Gujarat Muslims, even as Whittington acknowledged their suit has little chance of succeeding.
'A LEAF IN THE WIND'
Whittington quoted the late US civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and said in a booming voice with dramatic pauses that people should not stay silent on moral issues.
He said he was drawn to the Gujarat cause by forces beyond his control. "I'm just a leaf that is in the wind," he said. "I never asked to address this issue."
In the Gujarat riots, some 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, died in a wave of reprisal attacks after a train carrying Hindu pilgrims was set on fire.
Whittington, who used to work for a nonprofit teaching prison inmates, told Reuters in an interview that he came to know immigrants from Gujarat in his role as a city council member, a position he has held since 2003.
The city of Harvey has "block clubs" for neighbors on a city block to address crime and other issues, and he helped the Gujaratis to organize, visited their homes and shared meals with them, he said. He said he is not being compensated for serving as the president of the nonprofit.
(Reuters)

Showcasing Make in IndiaUpdated: September 27, 2014 01:00 IST
Showcasing ‘Make in India’
economy (general)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi could not have asked for a better boost to his Make in India campaign than this: ratings agency Standard & Poor’s (S&P) has revised the outlook on India to “Stable” from “Negative”, while keeping the “BBB–” rating unchanged. One of the significant reasons for the upward revision according to S&P was that “the new government has both the willingness and capacity to implement reforms necessary to restore some of India’s lost growth potential. This is exactly what Mr. Modi appears eager to convey through his Make in India campaign, launched to a packed audience in New Delhi’s Vigyan Bhavan on Thursday. The fact that the top brass of Corporate India appeared to be in full attendance at the launch showed the seriousness with which the campaign has been received. Mr. Modi struck all the right notes, pointing out how Indian companies were forced to consider investing outside the country due to policy flip-flops and delays in clearances. In that sense, his FDI — First Develop India — was a signal to companies that his government would create an enabling environment for investment, which he expected they would reciprocate by committing their energies and investments to the country. It is also significant that he thought it fit to point out India’s low ranking as regards the ease of doing business, assuring investors thereby that he was sensitising the bureaucracy to get its act together on this critical point. The jury will be out on this issue, going by the experience of the collapse of similar efforts to untangle red tape.
It is interesting to note that the Prime Minister did not dangle incentives to attract investors, a practice that has been in vogue until now. His promise to create a ‘business-friendly’ environment is probably more appropriate in today’s context of fiscal prudence. Indeed, S&P has referred to the fiscal constraints in terms of the high subsidy burden on the government, observing that successive governments have been unable to either increase the revenue base or curb expenditure. The remarkable turnaround in the external finances of the country with the current account deficit at a low of 1.8 per cent has obviously been an important factor, along with political stability, for S&P’s outlook revision. That said, it would be wrong to be complacent on this issue and assume that the job has been done. If anything, with the growth impulse returning and the prospect of investments picking up, the current account deficit could widen in the months ahead. It is indeed imperative that the government’s actions should match its words. For now, certainly, there is fresh wind in Mr. Modi’s sails as he prepares to address the CEOs of top American multinationals in New York on Monday.

This truck is thinkingAudi maps uncharted territory
At the 65th International Motor Show for commercial vehicles, underway in Hanover, Germany, Mercedes unveiled the aptly named Future Truck 2025. More akin to a space-age RV than a semi-truck, the prototype hints at a coming revolution in long-distance road transport.
This is not the pipe dream of some underutilised Daimler engineer. A prototype already operated in driverless mode last August, reaching speeds up to 80kph (about 50mph) on the A14 motorway in Magdeburg, Germany. And Mercedes officials claim that if government restrictions related to autonomous driving are softened, the semi-truck could be cruising beside you on the highway in 10 years.
Mercedes plans to harness the semi-autonomous driving technology already available on its S-Class sedans and coupes, and use it to give venerable, if stodgy, semi-trucks an extreme makeover. The result? Safer and more efficient driving, accompanied by expressive styling typically reserved for high-end passenger cars. Like the S-Class, the Future Truck 2025 may be capable of amazing autonomous feats, but a driver is still envisaged as an integral part of the cabin.
The brain of the semi-autonomous operation is Highway Pilot, a system akin to autopilot on an airplane, which employs a network of radar sensors and cameras to compose a complete picture of the truck’s surroundings – effectively the spatial awareness required for autonomous driving. It also includes a three-dimensional digital map. Used in conjunction with Predictive Powertrain Control (PPC) technology, the systems help maximise fuel efficiency by reacting to changes in terrain and topography.
The truck also features new blind-spot-detection technology that utilises the on-board radar to monitor each side of the truck. Via interior-mounted screens – much in the style of Volkswagen’s XL1 – a driver can scan the flanks of the truck better than with traditional exterior-mounted mirrors.
Design flourishes flip conventional semi-truck styling on its ear. Along with soft, rounded contours, the truck eschews headlamps in favour of a grid of powerful LEDs. When the truck is driven manually, the lights shine white. But in auto-driving mode, the lights switch to a pulsing blue to alert nearby motorists.
Inside, Future Truck 2025 is more Perrier and pâté de foie gras than cold coffee and beef jerky. Displays and touchpads replace instruments and switches. Indirect LED lighting casts a soft, glare-free glow. The conductor’s seat swivels 45 degrees, which allows the driver to stretch out and perform miscellaneous tasks, perhaps while using the on-board, detachable tablet computer that docks in the dashboard. There is even a digital picture frame on the rear wall panel for displaying favourite photos of family and friends.
The creature comforts are no afterthought. Mercedes officials predict that with seductive features such as autonomous capability and a well-appointed cab, long-haul driving will become a more attractive profession. It may even help alleviate a pronounced shortfall in qualified truck drivers in the US; some 25,000 are needed to meet demand , according to the American Trucking Associations.
With autonomous aides, Mercedes envisages a future in which truckers are white-collar transport professionals with free time to assume additional managerial duties behind the wheel.
A human promotion achieved through machine automation? It certainly is a revolutionary idea.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Alibaba Options to List on CBOE ExchangesYou are here: Home Market
Alibaba Options to List on CBOE Exchanges
Reuters | Updated On: September 27, 2014 13:03 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Chinese e-commerce heavyweight Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's options will debut on CBOE Holdings Inc's exchanges on Monday with strike prices ranging from $75 to $100 in $5 increments, a CBOE spokeswoman said on Friday.
US options exchanges are expected to list contracts on Alibaba on September 29, with their debut opening the gates to a flood of speculators and hedgers to begin opening positions premised on where they think the stock will trade at various future dates.
Susquehanna Securities will be the only designated primary market maker for Alibaba's options at CBOE, the spokeswoman said.
Alibaba options will initially list on the Chicago Board Options Exchange and the C2 Options Exchange with expirations in October, November, January and April, she said.
CBOE's Chicago Board Options Exchange and the C2 Options Exchange together so far account for about 29 per cent of trading in US stock and exchange options in 2014, per Options Clearing Corporation data.
The options will be subject to position limits of 250,000 contracts and will also have long-term option contracts, termed Long-term Equity AnticiPation Securities (LEAPS), available to trade, the spokeswoman added.
Alibaba shares rose about 38 per cent in their trading debut on the New York Stock Exchange on September 19.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 13:02 (IST)

Opinion: Markets in  Get Set Go  Mood Amid PM Modi s US VisitInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka Outlines Strategy in First Press Conference
(Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent analyst)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 100 days in office have elicited a mixed response from analysts - some have complained about the absence of big bang reforms, while many others have applauded the new government for focusing on manufacturing and infrastructure.
One area where the Modi government has come in for universal praise is diplomacy. PM Modi's visit to neighbouring countries and Japan, and Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India have triggered great expectations. China and Japan have together promised over $50 billion worth of investments over the next five years.
The true test of PM Modi's skills will, however, be in the US, where he is expected to hard sell India as the most attractive investment destination in Asia. For this, he will be meeting the heads of 17 large American corporates. If the Prime Minister is able to convince large multi-national corporations (MNCs) to loosen their purse strings for investment in the country, he will add another feather to his cap.
The US visit should see commitments of over $ 100 billion from American corporates.
PM Modi's pitch to US investors comes at a time when BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa) economies are in a turmoil of their own with Russia facing sanctions, Brazil witnessing rising debt and China fighting a relatively deep slowdown.
India stands out as the investment destination of choice with strong local consumption, bottoming out of GDP, revival of industrial activity and a strong government, which can deliver governance for the next 5 years.
The coordinated global sell-off in oil, gold, copper, iron-ore and rubber prices have led to 12 to 25 per cent correction in such commodities. This will benefit India to the core and will help PM Modi as the best premier globally this year.
Alibaba is listed at a market cap of $231 billion, which means its value is equal to that of ONGC, Reliance Industries, ITC and Tata Consultancy Services put together.
It is high time that a re-rating of Indian equities also takes place.
So, Prime Minister Modi, the markets are expecting you to raise the bar and get set go.
The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 15:11 (IST)

Vistara Takes Delivery of First Airbus A-320 AircraftSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Taking a step closer to getting its flying licence, Tata-SIA joint venture Vistara took delivery of its first Airbus A-320 aircraft that landed at the IGI Airport here on Thursday, as the airline planned to go ahead with its operational launch next month.
The launch of Vistara has been delayed by a couple of weeks due to the late arrival of the aircraft, which would now have to undergo mandatory proving flight tests and other regulatory checks before the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) grants the airworthiness certificate and the flying licence or the scheduled operator's permit (SOP).
Airline officials say the operational launch may be held in the later part of October.
With this first acquisition, Vistara plans to increase its fleet to 20 aircraft, including the latest A-320 NEO aircraft, by the end of the fourth year of its operation.
The A-320-200, fitted with 'Sharklets' or large wingtip devices which help reduce fuel burn, was flown to Delhi by Vistara pilots - Capt Gopala Subramaniam and Capt Mandesh Singh - from Airbus manufacturing plant at Toulouse in France, with an overnight halt at Ras-al-Khaimah in the Gulf, the officials told PTI.
The number of seats in the single-aisle aircraft was not disclosed but it would have a business class and economy, with a Vistara spokesperson saying that the airline would "offer its customers the best-in-class in-flight ambience, safety and cabin comfort while driving operational efficiencies".
This is the first of the 20 A-320 family of planes like A-319s, A-320s and A-321s, which are being leased from Singapore-based BOC Aviation.
Vistara has also signed a comprehensive maintenance agreement - Flight Hour Services Tailored Support Package - with Airbus, which is a first of its kind for any airline in India, the spokesperson said, adding that this would include the areas of airframe maintenance, engineering, reliability and components supply chain management.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 22:47 (IST)

Weekly wrap: SP upgrade halts fall in market; Modi s US visit eyedSep 27, 2014, 01.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Weekly wrap: S&P upgrade halts fall in market; Modi's US visit eyed
All sectoral indices except FMCG closed in red. Bank Nifty fell 3.4 percent and CNX PSU Bank index tanked 7 percent due to huge exposure to mining and related sectors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Weekly wrap: S&P upgrade halts fall in market; Modi's US visit eyed
All sectoral indices except FMCG closed in red. Bank Nifty fell 3.4 percent and CNX PSU Bank index tanked 7 percent due to huge exposure to mining and related sectors.
Post your opinion here
18:52
Moneycontrol Bureau
Global rating agency S&P's outlook upgrade came as a sigh of relief for the Indian equity benchmarks. It helped indices trim losses for the week triggered by geopolitical tensions, Supreme Court’s coal verdict, deferment of gas pricing and FIIs selling.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 464.1 points or 1.7 percent to close at 26626.32 and the 50-share NSE Nifty lost 152.6 points or 1.9 percent to 7968.85 while the broader markets hit badly. The CNX Midcap and BSE Smallcap indices were down 3.7 percent and 6 percent, respectively.
Though the market corrected, Helios Capital founder and fund manager Samir Arora said the market was not expensive, but investors had to be choosy about what they were buying.
"The event type returns related to the election and the success of Mr Modi in the elections are over; it is now a more regular market - regular market means that there is a cyclical upturn happening, inflation is declining, current account deficit is in control and next year, there may be interest rate cuts," he added.
The recovery on last day of the week may also be an indication that the market will closely watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit that will start in early morning on Saturday. But experts believe this could be a non event for the market as according to them, domestic growth led by implementation of reforms and the next Union Budget are very important factors than these visits.
 
Ruchir Sharma, Head of Emerging Markets and Global Macro, Morgan Stanley Investment Management dismisses all the hoopla about Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit to the United States.
“All the investment talks in US will be just that - talks and slogans. But from a domestic policy perspective, the second year beginning with the Budget will be critical for the government,” he said.
Arora feels Modi should focus on some of the domestic issues like goods and services tax after he is back from the US.
Sharma believes that the Sensex hitting a year-end high of 30000 is unlikely as the global economic environment is not conducive for the market rally.
Events of the week
Apart from poor European flash PMI data on Tuesday and weak US housing data on Monday, geopolitical tensions hit global equities too. The US and five Arab allies on Tuesday carried out the first strikes against Islamic state militants in Syria. The Pentagon said warplanes, drones and tomahawk missiles were used in the attacks, which targeted several ISIS held areas.
On the home turf, foreign institutional investors sold more than Rs 3,500 crore worth of equity shares during the week. Even there was major outflow of funds from emerging markets due to profit taking.
Supreme Court on Wednesday announced verdict on coal block allocation case. It cancelled 214 (out of 218) coal blocks, and exempted four blocks including allocations to Sasan UMPP and NTPC and SAIL.
The apex court gave six months time for government to make alternate arrangements. Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty was imposed on all cancelled block holders.
Cabinet committee on economic affairs deferred gas pricing to November 15 on Wednesday evening.
Even the expiry on Thursday was not good for the market. The Nifty, which failed to hold the 8000 level on expiry day for September derivative contracts, fell for the first time in last eight series.
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services on Friday revised its outlook on India to stable from negative . However, earlier in April 2012, the rating agency had cut India’s outlook to negative.
It affirmed 'BBB-' long-term and 'A-3' short-term unsolicited sovereign credit ratings on India. It also affirmed transfer and convertibility assessment of 'BBB+'.
 
“India's improved political setting offers a conducive environment for reforms, which could boost growth prospects and improve fiscal management. Its external position is a key credit strength and well-entrenched democratic political system is another credit support,” it reasoned.
The rating agency said it could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a real per capita GDP trend growth of 5.5 percent per year and fiscal, external, or inflation metrics improve.
Stocks in action
All sectoral indices except FMCG closed in red. Bank Nifty fell 3.4 percent and CNX PSU Bank index tanked 7 percent due to huge exposure to mining and related sectors.
BSE Realty lost the most among indices, down 8.2 percent followed by Capital Goods, Metals, Power and Oil & Gas with 3-5 percent. However, BSE FMCG bucked the trend, up 2.3 percent.
Among stocks, JSPL tanked 12.6 percent due to de-allocation of blocks. BHEL, PNB, Tata Steel, Asian Paints, ICICI Bank, Reliance Industries, Bank of Baroda, DLF, SBI and ACC were down 5-9 percent.
However, ITC, HCL Technologies, HUL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra and HDFC Bank outperformed, up 1-3 percent.
In the midcap space, Usha Martin, Suzlon Energy, Jayaswal Neco, Prakash Industries, Sasken Communications, JP Associates, Unitech, Andhra Bank, GMR Infrastructure and Allahabad Bank crashed 16-38 percent.
For the next week, the key events to watch out for will how Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit and September auto sales numbers. However, caution is expected ahead of RBI policy review on Tuesday.
RBI is seen holding rates and the next rate cut is seen only in April-June 2015. Volatility is also expected as banks square off books ahead of the end of the quarter. Next week will be truncated week as the market will have three trading sessions followed by two-day holiday.
17:01

SP upgrade lifts Sensex 158 pts; Hindalco  Sun  JSPL zoomSep 26, 2014, 05.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
S&P upgrade lifts Sensex 158 pts; Hindalco, Sun, JSPL zoom
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services today revised its outlook on India to stable from negative. However, earlier in April 2012, the rating agency had cut India’s outlook to negative.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S&P upgrade lifts Sensex 158 pts; Hindalco, Sun, JSPL zoom
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services today revised its outlook on India to stable from negative. However, earlier in April 2012, the rating agency had cut India’s outlook to negative.
Post your opinion here
17:01
Moneycontrol Bureau
India’s credit outlook upgrade by S&P helped the equity benchmarks recover in late trade and snapped three-day losing streak on Friday. Indices fell nearly 3 percent in previous three sessions due to Supreme Court’s coal verdict, deferral of gas pricing and geopolitical tensions.
The 30-share BSE Sensex climbed 157.96 points to close at 26626.32 while the 50-share NSE Nifty managed to hold the important support level of 7850, up 57 points at 7968.85, making positive start of October series. However, during the day indices had fallen nearly a percent due to weak global cues.
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services today revised its outlook on India to stable from negative . However, earlier in April 2012, the rating agency had cut India’s outlook to negative.
It affirmed 'BBB-' long-term and 'A-3' short-term unsolicited sovereign credit ratings on India. It also affirmed transfer and convertibility assessment of 'BBB+'.
 
“India's improved political setting offers a conducive environment for reforms, which could boost growth prospects and improve fiscal management. Its external position is a key credit strength and well-entrenched democratic political system is another credit support,” it reasoned.
The rating agency further said it could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a real per capita GDP trend growth of 5.5 percent per year and fiscal, external, or inflation metrics improve.
“The change in rating indicates amplified conviction in the government’s intent and ability to make changes for growth. It also implies belief that budgeted fiscal targets are more likely to be met,” said Jayant Manglik, president-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
According to him, investor confidence will move up a notch along with the rating and this essentially means money waiting on the sidelines will now come into India.
S&P also revised outlook on six Indian companies to stable from negative, which are Reliance Industries, NHPC, NTPC, Power Grid, TCS and ONGC.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will start his five-day US visit early morning on Saturday. Experts believe the Union Budget next year is more important than this US visit.
Ruchir Sharma, Head of Emerging Markets and Global Macro, Morgan Stanley Investment Management dismisses all the hoopla about Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit to the United States.
While the first year of the Modi government should not be judged too soon, Sharma says it is the Budget next year that will be the make or break for the government.
Sharma believes that the Sensex hitting a year-end high of 30000 is unlikely as the global economic environment is not conducive for the market rally.
For the weem, the Sensex declined 1.7 percent and Nifty lost 1.9 percent weighed down by banks, capital goods, metal, infrastructure and oil stocks. CNX Midcap Index tumbled 3.7 percent and BSE Small Cap Index plunged 6 percent.
Stocks in action
Banks (especially PSU banks) rallied smartly with the BSE Bankex rising 2 percent and CNX PSU Bank index gaining 3 percent. India’s largest lender State Bank of India and its rivals HDFC Bank and Axis Bank surged 2-3 percent.
Metal stocks too rebounded with the BSE Metal index climbing 2.5 percent aided by Hindalco Industries and Tata Steel with 5 percent and 3 percent upside, respectively. Hindalco on Thursday clarified that there will be no major impact on earnings due to coal verdict announced by Supreme Court. Jindal Steel too gained 5 percent.
Sun Pharma surged over 4 percent on hopes of not getting import alert from US FDA for its Halol plant in Gujarat. US FDA conducted surprise audit of this facility. Credit Suisse today said the US drug regulator did not find anything adverse in their audits. Ranbaxy Labs, which may be a subsidiary of Sun soon, gained 5 percent.
Among others, shares of ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, Larsen and Toubro, Tata Motors and NTPC were up 1.5-3 percent. However, HDFC, ITC, TCS, Dr Reddy’s Labs, HUL, Hero Motocorp and Gail India declined 1-2.6 percent.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices too recovered, up 0.8 percent and 0.6 percent, respectively.
In the midcap space, Mangalore Chemicals was locked at 20 percent upper circuit at Rs 88.10 after Deepak Fertilisers revised its open offer price (for buying controlling stake in company) to Rs 93.60/share.
Jaiprakash Power surged 9 percent after JSW Energy signed MoU with the company to buy its three power plants of 1,891 MW capacity. In previous session, the stock had lost 14 percent after hydro power assets deal between company and Reliance Power called off.
Indiabulls Real, Voltas, Unitech, SAIL, Syndicate Bank, REC, PTC India Financial and City Union Bank shot up 6-10 percent.
The market breadth also improved in late trade as 1570 shares advanced while 1397 shares declined on the BSE.
14:13

Sensex up 158 pts  Nifty ends above 7950 on SP upgradeSep 26, 2014, 03.37 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex up 158 pts, Nifty ends above 7950 on S&P upgrade
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) has upgraded India's credit outlook to stable from negative.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex up 158 pts, Nifty ends above 7950 on S&P upgrade
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) has upgraded India's credit outlook to stable from negative.
Post your opinion here
14:13
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing: S&P boosted investor sentiment which spiked the market in last hour of trade before wrapping up for the weekend. The Nifty ended at 7968.85, up 57.00 points while the Sensex was up 157.96 points at 26626.32. About 1585 shares advanced, 1376 shares declined, and 89 shares were unchanged. 
03:10 pm Global markets: The dollar held near a four-year high against a basket of currencies on Friday, fuelled by the biggest yield advantage over the euro in nearly 15 years as the Federal Reserve contemplates hiking interest rates.
European equities fell to trade close to a one-month low as a sharp sell-off in U.S. and Asian markets prompted caution among investors on the last trading day of the week.
03:00 pm Market check: The market has surged on positive sentiment. The Sensex is up 178.14 points at 26646.50 and the Nifty is up 60.80 points at 7972.65. About 1392 shares have advanced, 1485 shares declined, and 89 shares are unchanged. Sun Pharma, Hindalco, Axis Bank, Tata Steel and M&M are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Dr Reddy's Labs, GAIL, HDFC, Hero and Maruti.
02:42 pm Upgrade: Global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) has upgraded India's credit outlook to stable from negative.
S&P said that CAD has improved in recent months post gold import curbs. The rating agency sees India's FY15 CAD widening from low of 1.8 percent of GDP. S&P earlier rated India as 'BBB-', the lowest in the investment grade, with a negative outlook. Moody's assigns a 'Baa3' rating on India, with a stable outlook. Fitch has affirmed India's long-term foreign and local currency issuer default rating (IDR) at 'BBB-' with stable outlook, indicating low default risk.
Equity benchmarks continued to be rangebound in afternoon trade with the Sensex rising 32.52 points to 26500.88 and the Nifty advancing 12.25 points to 7924.10.
About 1162 shares have advanced, 1638 shares declined, and 85 shares are unchanged.
Shares of Sun Pharma and Hindalco Industries topped the buying list, up 4-5 percent followed by HDFC Bank, ONGC, L&T, Axis Bank, M&M, SBI, Tata Steel and NTPC with 1-3 percent upside.
However, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Gail India were top losers, down over 2 percent. ICICI Bank, TCS, HUL, Hero Motocorp and Maruti fell 1-1.9 percent.
Petronet LNG, Godrej Industries, SBI, Sun Pharma, Reliance Industries, ICICI Bank, Infosys and Tata Motors were most active shares.
In the midcap space, Indiabulls Real, City Union Bank, Bhushan Steel, IOB and Kaveri Seed rallied 4-7 percent while IIFL Holdings, CRISIL, JK Cement, Rajesh Exports and Trinity Trade lost 5-9 percent.
Among smallcaps, Mangalore Chemical, Visagar Polytex, UB Holdings, Prakash Industries and Matra Kaushal were up 7-20 percent whereas SV Global Mill, Usha Martin, Tata Sponge, Phoenix Lamps and Indian Metals slipped 6-10 percent.
13:00

SEC Alleges $129M Pyramid Scheme in China  USAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

SP s outlook upgrade to boost investor confidenceSep 27, 2014, 03.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'S&P's outlook upgrade to boost investor confidence'
Standard & Poor's improved India's outlook to stable from negative, saying the new political formation at the Centre has the capacity to push reforms and put the country back on high growth trajectory.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'S&P's outlook upgrade to boost investor confidence'
Standard & Poor's improved India's outlook to stable from negative, saying the new political formation at the Centre has the capacity to push reforms and put the country back on high growth trajectory.
Post your opinion here
 
India Inc said ratings agency Standard & Poor's move to improve the country's outlook to stable from negative will boost investor confidence and enhance access of Indian firms to international funds. "It will improve investor confidence and companies' access to international funds. The outlook revision was based on the strong mandate received by the new government, which has enabled it to implement policies that will revive growth and boost investments," said CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee.
Standard & Poor's improved India's outlook to stable from negative, saying the new political formation at the Centre has the capacity to push reforms and put the country back on high growth trajectory. "What global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) has recognised today has already been acknowledged by global investors who have been pouring money into the Indian debt and stock markets for the last several months," Assocham president Rana Kapoor said.
"In fact, our markets have been the best performing. In a way, the rating agencies seem to be behind the curve when it comes to reposing faith in the Indian economy," he added. The revision in outlook comes ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high profile visit to the US, which among other things, is aimed at procuring investments. Modi is scheduled to meet top US corporates.
The stable outlook, it said, reflects the agency's expectation that the newly-elected government will be able to implement reforms that spur growth, which in turn improves fiscal performance. S&P's has affirmed the 'BBB-/A-3' sovereign credit rating on India and revised the outlook on the long-term rating to stable from negative. Stable outlook reduces risk of any possible sovereign rating downgrade.
S&P's also cautioned that it could lower the rating in case the government's structural reform agenda stalls such that economic growth does not accelerate, or fiscal and debt
ratios fail to improve. After taking over as Prime Minister in May, Modi has launched a host of initiatives, including 'Make in India' campaign to ease business environment and fetch foreign direct investments.
RELATED NEWS

UBI s  Wilful Defaulter  Tag Stayed by Calcutta High Court: KingfisherSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Beleaguered carrier Kingfisher Airlines said on Saturday that it has secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on United Bank of India (UBI) declaring the airline and its directors, including promoter Vijay Mallya, as 'wilful defaulters'.
Kingfisher Airlines vice president-corporate communications Prakash Mirpuri in a statement said the airline has "secured a stay from the Hon'ble Calcutta High Court on the decision of the Grievance Redressal Committee of the United Bank of India which had earlier declared the airline and its directors (including erstwhile directors) as wilful defaulters".
The lender has been directed to file its affidavit-in-opposition by November 3, 2014 and the petitioners have been directed to file their reply one week thereafter, it said.
"The next date of hearing has been fixed for November 10, 2014," it added.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 18:10 (IST)

Coal Imports to Jump 60-65 MT/Year After Court Scraps Concessions: AnalystsCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: India's annual coal imports could jump by as much as a third to more than 200 million tonnes for the next few years as a result of a court ruling this week that will halt mining of the resource by most private companies from next year.
The Supreme Court has scrapped 214 coal blocks allocated by government over the past two decades after ruling that the selective allocation process was arbitrary and illegal. It ordered that the operational ones among them be returned to state-run Coal India by end-March next year.
The country's coal output has trailed domestic demand for the past several years, and is set to fall even further behind next year as the current operators wind down activity and hand the sites over to the notoriously inefficient Coal India, analysts said. These blocks were expected to produce about 52 million tonnes in this fiscal year.
Shipments into the world's third-largest coal importer rose to 168.4 million tonnes last fiscal year, and the government estimated before the court ruling that the domestic shortage will range between 185 million and 265 million by 2016-17.
"Once the (cancelled) blocks are given to Coal India, it would take time for the company to understand the functioning and operations of these blocks to resume operations in a similar manner," said Prakash Duvvuri, head of research for commodities research firm OreTeam.
"We assess the transition time to be not less than five to six months."
For the country's legion of coal-hungry power plants, steel mills and cement factories - many of whom are already facing critically low coal reserves - this transition period likely means even greater reliance on imports.
OreTeam expects inbound shipments to hit 210 million tonnes in the 2015-16 year. Devendra Kumar Pant, chief economist with Fitch unit India Ratings & Research, projects shipments could jump to over 230 million if demand remains brisk and domestic production fails to rise.
"We expect continuous increase in India's coal imports at least in the next 2-3 years partly because domestic supplies will continue to be lower than demand and also because of expected soft trend in international coal markets," said Viresh Oberoi, chief executive of Mjunction, an online commodities trader.
International thermal coal prices are currently trading at five-year lows.
Import pipeline under strain
India could overtake Japan as the second-largest importer next fiscal year if tonnages top the 200-million mark.
But getting those imported tonnages to the right places at the right times won't be easy, as port and rail capacity is already being heavily taxed by the current flow.
Major coal ports are currently reporting their worst congestion in years, and rail-loading times have slowed due to monsoon rains, causing delays in deliveries to customers.
An additional 60-65 million tonnes per year will place even more strain on the logistics chain and potentially lengthen delivery times, coal analysts warned.
"We are not ready immediately to handle an increase in traffic," said G P Biswal, deputy conservator of Paradip port, one of India's busiest. "It will take some time but we will eventually be ready."
Another concern is that main supplier Indonesia, preferred by Indian buyers due to its suitable calorific content and relatively low freight costs, is implementing a new export licensing program from October 1 that could curb coal exports by over 10 per cent.
Lower shipments from Indonesia bodes well for India's No.2 supplier, Australia, which shipped around 35 million tonnes to the country last year and is in the market for additional buyers after China said recently it would restrict its own coal imports as part of a crackdown on pollutants.
But Australia's coal prices are generally up to 10 per cent higher than Indonesia's for Indian buyers, a trader said, especially when the cost of lengthier freight times are factored in. South Africa, Russia and the United States are other coal exporters that may target India.
But for Indian buyers, costs remain the main issue. Forced by populist governments to sell power below costs, many electricity generators are already running losses.
For money-losing MP Power Generating Co in the central state of Madhya Pradesh, importing costs them double the amount that Coal India charges.
"Given that supplies from Coal India are low, we may have to import again," said A K Sankule, head of fuel management at the company. "But we are financially stressed."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Rating Outlook Upgrade to Soften Lenders  Cost of Funds: Industry BodyCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: Welcoming the recent move by global rating agency Standard & Poor's to upgrade the country's sovereign rating, the Indian Banks Association (IBA) has said it will help lenders' cost of funds by softening rates at which they borrow internationally.
"The S&P positive outlook will certainly help in ensuring that the cost of funds are comparatively softened and the investor's world will look at opportunities positively," the lobby group's chief executive M V Tanksale said.
(Read: S&P upgrades India's credit outlook to 'stable' )
The upgrade in the outlook comes at a time when banks in the country are looking at raising money from abroad, especially for the new instrument of tier-I bonds under the Basel-III capital framework, Mr Tanksale said.
The banks are also nudging their corporate clients to raise money from abroad, he said, adding that the upgrade in outlook would help reduce cost of funds for both the groups.
In a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi before his arrival in the US, S&P raised India's credit rating outlook to 'stable' on the back of strong political mandate helping fiscal and economic reforms.
"Our outlook revision indicates that we believe the current government's strong mandate will enable it to implement many of its administrative, fiscal, and economic reforms," S&P said.
The international rating agency followed it up with upgrading outlooks for state-run financiers like Exim Bank, IIFCL, IRFC and PFC to 'stable', which is linked to the sovereign rating.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 18:25 (IST)

Gold edges up on stray support  silver recoversSep 27, 2014 at 06:56pm IST
Gold edges up on stray support, silver recovers
7
0
Mumbai: Gold prices gained modestly, in an otherwise lacklustre and cautious trade at the domestic bullion market owing to stray buying support.
Elsewhere, silver recovered owing to renewed industrial buying.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) moved-up by Rs 5 to close at Rs 26,760 per 10 grams from Friday's level of Rs 26,755.
Gold prices gained modestly, in an otherwise lacklustre and cautious trade at the domestic bullion market owing to stray buying support.
#gold #silver #gold price #investment
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also went up by a similar margin to finish at Rs 26,910 per 10 grams from Rs 26,905.
Silver (.999 fineness) climbed by Rs 225 to conclude at Rs 40,050 per kg as compared to Rs 39,825.
On the global front, Gold fell as a dollar-driven rally encouraged by US Economic growth dimmed bullion's investment appeal, sending the metal's prices toward a key support level at USD 1,200 an ounce.
Gold for December delivery lost to settle at USD 1,215.40 an ounce on the Comex division of the NYMEX, while silver declined to USD 17.48 an ounce.
0

SBI Says S&P s Outlook Upgrade Reflects its Inherent StrengthsCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI) on Saturday said global rating firm Standard and Poor's decision to upgrade its outlook to 'stable' from 'negative' reflects the government lender's inherent strengths.
"The upgrade in outlook is a reflection of the inherent strengths of SBI. In particular, SBI is strategically poised to take advantage of an economy recovering from a sharp downturn."
(Read: S&P Upgrades India's Credit Outlook to Stable )
"With a robust CASA (current and savings account) ratio and a pan-India presence, the bank is in relentless pursuit of excellence through a judicious augmentation of technology, risk management and transformation of HR practices," SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said in a statement in Mumbai.
The US-based firm has also raised the rating outlooks on 10 other Indian banks and financial institutions to 'stable' from 'negative'. These include Bank of India, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, IDBI Bank, Indian Bank, IDFC, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Kotak Mahindra Prime and Union Bank of India. ( Read more )
The upgrade followed S&P's revision on Friday in India's credit rating outlook to 'stable' on the back of strong political mandate helping fiscal and economic reforms.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 19:54 (IST)

Priority Will be to Give Relief to Rubber Growers: Commerce MinisterManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Kochi: The Centre will give top priority to providing relief to rubber growers who are facing a crisis due to a fall in prices, Union Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Saturday.
"The priority will be first to address the issue of giving some relief to growers," she told reporters here, adding that the concerns related to rubber imports would also be addressed.
"Many small growers this year have stopped tapping rubber as prices have come down. Many are unable to pay workers and are left with nothing after paying wages and this would be addressed first," she said.
The trade minister, who had met representatives of rubber growers, traders and tyre manufacturers here on Friday, said the inputs she had received were more relating to problems faced by the rubber industry.
"But of course that again will have a bearing on the policy itself. Let me go back, I will not commit on time. At the earliest possible," she told reporters here when asked when the National policy on Natural Rubber could be expected.
Asked whether the tyre industry was importing rubber more than the required quantity, she said figures show import was much more than demand supply gap.
However, there is no proof that the imports are by the tyre industry, she added.
When discussed about LNG terminal in Kochi being unable to operate at its optimum capacity, she said both Central and state governments have to work together to deal with the issue as so much of investment has gone into the project.
On the revival package for ailing CPSU Fertilisers and Chemical Travancore Ltd (FACT), the minister said she would talk to Chemicals and Fertilizer Minister on the issue.
The minister, during her two-day visit to Kerala, reviewed the activities of spices board, heard the worries of cardamom growers, the challenges of cardamom exporters as there is threat from Guatemala.
The minister had also met representatives of Indian Chamber of Commerce where worries of rubber, pepper and tea were raised and reviewed the activities of Cochin Special Economic Zone.
Later, addressing an interactive session organised by the CII here, Ms Sitharaman highlighted the government's efforts to reach out to the industry and the various sections of the society in formulating a thorough and inclusive plan to lead the country to development and prosperity.
She also emphasised on the need to implement the goals in a time-bound manner.
The Central government has identified few immediate focus areas and action points including rolling out of GST, fast- tracking decision-making especially on large-project clearances, including those in the manufacturing sector, she said.
The government will take initiatives to promote employment, mass manufacturing, skill development and social security access for the informal sector.
"Let's bring up more and more entrepreneurs, facilitate businesses rather than red tapi-sm. More and more young men and women from families that were staunch believers of having a secure job are now venturing into entrepreneurship," she said.
Indsutry body CII requested investment support in developing Infrastructure and Smart City.
It also requested the minister that given the technology footprint and availability of engineering talent that Kerala has, one city in Kerala like Palakkad could be included in 'Modified Special Incentive Package'.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 19:41 (IST)

A rare Second Amendment exemption from federal ban on felons possessing gunsBy Eugene Volokh September 27 Follow @volokhc
In D.C. v. Heller, the Supreme Court stated that (emphasis added, citations omitted, as usual),
Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited. From Blackstone through the 19th-century cases, commentators and courts routinely explained that the right was not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose. For example, the majority of the 19th-century courts to consider the question held that prohibitions on carrying concealed weapons were lawful under the Second Amendment or state analogues. Although we do not undertake an exhaustive historical analysis today of the full scope of the Second Amendment, nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.
[Footnote: We identify these presumptively lawful regulatory measures only as examples; our list does not purport to be exhaustive.]
The question, then, is whether this “presumpti[on]” of validity can ever be rebutted — for instance, if a person’s felony conviction is many decades in the past, is for a not very serious felony, or both. Some federal courts have stated that the answer would be “yes” under the right circumstances. United States v. Moore, 666 F.3d 313, 320 (4th Cir. 2012); United States v. Barton, 633 F.3d 168, 174 (3d Cir. 2011); United States v. Williams, 616 F.3d 685, 693 (7th Cir. 2010); United States v. Duckett, 406 Fed. Appx. 185, 187 (9th Cir. 2010) (Ikuta, J., concurring); United States v. McCane, 573 F.3d 1037, 1049-50 (10th Cir. 2009) (Tymkovich, J., concurring). Some North Carolina state court decisions have actually set aside particular claimants’ state-law gun disabilities, under the North Carolina Constitution’s right to bear arms provision. Britt v. State, 681 S.E.2d 320 (N.C. 2009) (holding that a nonviolent felon whose crime was long in the past regained his state constitutional right to keep and bear arms); Baysden v. State, 718 S.E.2d 699 (N.C. Ct. App. 2011) (same). But Thursday’s Binderup v. Holder (E.D. Pa. Sept. 25, 2014) is, to my knowledge, the first federal court decision to actually set aside such a gun disability on Second Amendment grounds.
The court began by deciding whether Daniel Binderup’s conviction counts as a felony for federal felon-in-possession law, and concludes that it does. Federal “felon-in-possession” law actually bars gun possession by people who have state or federal convictions for any crime punishable by a year or more in prison — or, if it’s labeled a misdemeanor by state law, by two years or more in prison. The focus isn’t (solely) on the formal felony-vs.-misdemeanor label attached to a crime by state or federal law, nor on the actual sentence for the crime, but on the maximum sentence authorized for the crime (or so the Binderup court held, consistently with other cases). The crime in this case — corruption of minors — is labeled by Pennsylvania as a first-degree misdemeanor, which means it carries a maximum sentence of five years. It must therefore be treated, the court held, as a felony for purposes of the federal felon-in-possession statute.
But then, the court asked whether the Second Amendment nonetheless preempts federal felon-in-possession law in this particular case. In Barton, one of the cases cited above, the Third Circuit — the federal appellate court that sets binding federal precedent for Pennsylvania and some other jurisdictions — wrote:
To raise a successful as-applied challenge, [a defendant] must present facts about himself and his background that distinguish his circumstances from those of persons historically barred from Second Amendment protections. For instance, a felon convicted of a minor, non-violent crime might show that he is no more dangerous than a typical law-abiding citizen. Similarly, a court might find that a felon whose crime of conviction is decades-old poses no continuing threat to society. The North Carolina Supreme Court did just that in Britt v. State, 363 N.C. 546 (2009), finding that a felon convicted in 1979 of one count of possession of a controlled substance with intent to distribute had a constitutional right to keep and bear arms, at least as that right is understood under the North Carolina Constitution.
And Binderup, the court held, did present such facts about himself and his background. His only conviction was nearly 17 years before. It stemmed from a nonviolent incident — a consensual sexual relationship Binderup had with a 17-year-old employee. Pennsylvania law does not even treat the offense as a statutory rape; the formal age of consent in Pennsylvania (as in most other states) is 16, and sexual conduct by an adult with a 16- or 17-year-old is treated as consensual, though bad for a the minor and therefore the crime of corruption of minors . The statistics presented by the government, showing that people with criminal convictions — even nonviolent ones — are likely to commit other crimes aren’t probative given the nature of the crime, how long ago the crime was, and Binderup’s current age (59). For these reasons, the court held,
[P]laintiff has demonstrated that, if allowed to keep and bear arms in his home for purposes of self-defense, he would present no more threat to the community that the average law-abiding citizen.
And because of this, the presumption that there’s no Second Amendment problem with barring felons from possessing guns, the court held, has been rebutted.
I’m not sure whether the government will appeal, but, if it does, I expect the case will stand up on appeal, given the Third Circuit’s Barton precedent; and I doubt that the U.S. Supreme Court would agree to hear the case.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

RBI May Not Cut Interest Rates as Inflation Levels Still HighYou are here: Home Economy
RBI May Not Cut Interest Rates as Inflation Levels Still High
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 28, 2014 11:45 (IST)
Mumbai: With retail inflation continuing to remain at elevated level, the Reserve Bank is unlikely to cut interest rates in its upcoming monetary policy review this week.
The RBI will unveil its fourth bi-monthly policy on September 30.
Although consumer price index (CPI), which the central bank is monitoring closely, has shown a declining trend in the past few months, the levels are still out of its comfort zone.
RBI has set a glide path for CPI inflation at 8 per cent by January 15 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Retail inflation or CPI eased to 7.8 per cent in August from 8.59 per cent in April.
Wholesale price index (WPI) inflation has also eased, although more sharply, to 3.74 per cent in August from 5.55 per cent at the start of the current fiscal.
Banking experts however still believe that it may not be time for rate cut yet.
State Bank of India chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said: "RBI is likely keep interest rate unchanged."
Echoing the similar view, Bank of Baroda executive director Rajan Dhawan told PTI: "I think RBI would not change interest rate in the policy review because of inflation overhang."
Credit rating agency Care Rating said RBI has less room to cut policy rates on September 30 as there remains an upward threat to inflation going ahead.
"Given the economic parameters of improving growth of 5.7 per cent (Q1 FY15) GDP and elevated retail inflation on the back of potential threats to inflation going ahead, we do not foresee any room for a rate cut in the upcoming policy announcement," Care said in a report.
In a hint to the market that the cut in interest rates is still far away, RBI Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan had recently said there was a need to 'break the back' of inflation which remains high.
"The real problem is inflation that is persistent. We have been emphasising again and again in order to 'break the back' of inflation, we got to break this persistence," Dr Rajan had said at an event.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 11:43 (IST)

Private equity investments in India likely to touch USD 12 billion in 2014Sep 28, 2014 at  11:35am IST
'Private equity investments in India likely to touch USD 12 billion in 2014'
5
0
Port Louis (Mauritius): Private equity investment in India is likely to touch a staggering  USD 12 billion in 2014 primarily on account of reform measures taken by the government at the Centre.
In the first half of the year, private equity entities pumped in USD 6 billion in India.
"India is expected to witness investments worth $12 billion in 2014 by private equity players, double than the amount invested by them last year," Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA) President Arvind Mathur told PTI.
"India is expected to witness investments worth $12 billion in 2014 by private equity players, double than the amount invested by them last year," Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA) President Arvind Mathur told PTI.
#private equity #investment #indian economy
He told this at the sidelines of a private equity conference here, which was attended by around 200 delegates coming from various countries, including India, China, Japan and various African nations.
Mathur said: "investor sentiment in India has improved following general election results in May and a series of reform measures taken by the government."
After three decades, a single majority government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi has come to power at the Centre.
Another expert, Ameet Patel Partner at Sudit K Parekh & Co has attributed rise in investor sentiments to "strong corporate friendly government at the Centre, coupled with strong RBI Governor(who created foreign exchange reserves for the country) as well as equally strong securities market
regulator Sebi --who have made some pro-active regulations."
"Private equity investors are now looking India as a more investment friendly destination," Mathur said.
Now, private equity industry is expected to contribute to the growth of the country's economy on a larger scale than earlier, Patel said.
Listing out the sectors where private equity investment firms can invest in India, Patel said infrastructure, real estate and manufacturing are projected to see greater private equity activities, especially since the government is putting thrust on them.
Besides, mobile-banking and e-commerce are expected to attract huge investments.
The experts also advocated for Indian private equity players for investing in African nations and using Mauritius as a platform for such activity.
However, another experts Mahendra Swarup, Former President at IVCA and now an independent strategic insight provider said,"private equity players will follow a 'wait and watch' policy as they will wait for execution of the promises made by the government."
2

European Steel Sector Set for Massive Job Cuts: Industry BodyManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Frankfurt: European steel companies will have to cut a substantial number of jobs to bolster their earnings, reflecting a slump in demand and Asian competition, Wolfgang Eder, vice president of the World Steel Association, was quoted saying by a German newspaper.
"Massive job cuts are unavoidable," weekly Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung quoted Eder as saying, in an excerpt of an article to be published on Sunday, adding headcount reductions were "painful but long overdue".
Steel demand is expected to return to growth in Europe this year, though European steel industry body Eurofer, whose members include the likes of ArcelorMittal, ThyssenKrupp and Voestalpine, has said cheaper steel imports from outside the European Union had put pressure on margins.
Eder, also chief executive of Austria's Voestalpine, warned that European steel companies were falling behind their peers in China, India and Korea in terms of technology and innovation, because they could not afford to invest.
Executives of major steel companies are due to meet at the World Steel Association's annual conference in Moscow on October 5 to 8.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Facebook to Test Internet Beaming Drones in 2015You are here: Home Corporates
Facebook to Test Internet Beaming Drones in 2015
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 28, 2014 14:27 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Washington: Facebook plans to start testing its internet-carrying solar-powered drones in 2015, with the ultimate aim of getting two-thirds of the global population online.
Mark Zuckerberg had unveiled Facebook's Connectivity Lab and its partnership with the Internet.org project in March this year.
The initiative seeks to use solar-powered unmanned aerial vehicles to beam internet down to the two thirds of the global population who are not yet connected, according to 'Gizmag'.
Speaking at the Social Good Summit in New York last week, engineering director at Facebook Connectivity Lab, Yael Maguire, detailed the company's vision of internet-carrying drones, with plans to begin testing in 2015 in a US location which is yet to be determined.
"In order for us to fly these planes - unmanned planes that have to fly for months, or perhaps years at a time - we actually have to fly above the weather, above all airspace," Mr Maguire told Mashable.
"That's between 60,000 and 90,000 feet. Routinely, planes don't fly there, and certainly not drones," he said.
The size of the planes will be roughly the size of a commercial aircraft.
One of the plane models the lab is working on is the length of "about six or seven Priuses, but is the weight of four of the tires of a Prius," MrMaguire said.
A team at the Facebook Connectivity Lab is specifically working on policy, advising the technology and development teams on regulations that are in place.
Right now, there's a 'one pilot per plane' rule, but Mr Maguire said they need a regulatory environment that's open to one pilot managing up to 100 of these solar-powered planes.
"We can't have one person per plane if we want to figure out how to connect the world," he said.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:26 (IST)

ONGC Videsh Signs Agreement With Petroleos MexicanosYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC Videsh Signs Agreement With Petroleos Mexicanos
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 27, 2014 20:19 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos or Pemex for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
The MoU (memorandum of understanding) was signed by Anil Bhandari, director (exploration) of OVL, and Gustavo Hernandez Garcia, director general of Pemex Exploracion Y Produccion, at Cancun, Mexico on the sidelines of the World National Oil Companies Congress- Americas.
"Under the MOU, the two companies plan to discuss future cooperation and collaboration in the upstream sector in Mexico. The MOU also envisages cooperation in the fields of technology, human resources, research and development," OVL said in a statement.
Mexico is the largest crude oil producing country in Latin America. It has excellent potential for both conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon. As a result of recent energy reforms in the country, the oil and gas sector is being opened for participation by foreign firms.
Besides OVL, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), too, is looking to invest in Mexico as North America's third-biggest producer courts foreign companies after a 76-year hiatus.
Mexico in December permitted private investment in the oil industry to help reverse a decade-long slump in output.
Pemex plans to establish 10 joint ventures in mature, onshore and offshore areas by December 2015. It has fields holding an estimated 20.6 billion barrels.
OVL has participation in 35 projects in 16 countries, including Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Brazil, Colombia, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Libya, Mozambique, Myanmar, Russia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela and Vietnam.
It currently produces about 160,000 barrels of oil and oil equivalent gas per day and has total oil and gas reserves of 637 million tonnes of oil equivalent.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 20:16 (IST)

SBI Not Likely to Make Aggressive Festival OffersYou are here: Home Industries
SBI Not Likely to Make Aggressive Festival Offers
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 28, 2014 15:22 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: A slowdown in credit pick up from corporates may prevent country's largest lender State Bank of India from announcing aggressive festive season offers for loan seekers, a top official has said.
"You need to subsidise those offers from corporate demand. If there is no off-take on the corporate side, where will I subsidise those offers," the bank's chief Arundhati Bhattacharya told PTI.
She hinted that the scope to cut rates for specific products is very limited at present and at best, the bank may look at reviewing other charges like the processing fees on products.
Ms Bhattacharya also pointed at the high competition in the retail market, which also limits the scope to come down on the lending rates further during festive season.
She said that the bank's products are already at "rock bottom" and in order to go down further, it may have to reduce its base rate which is not feasible right now.
The lender had cut its deposit rates by 0.25 per cent earlier this month, its second such move in the recent months, citing the slowdown in credit pick up which has increased the liquidity supply.
The Reserve Bank data released earlier this month had said that credit growth has slipped to 9.6 per cent till the fortnight ended September 4, the first ever since the crisis years that it has fallen below the double digit mark.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 15:20 (IST)

A new technology that could help your smartphone batteries last longerSep 28, 2014 at 04:02pm IST
A new technology that could help your smartphone batteries last longer
49
0
New York: A new technology to control energy consumption inside transistors could pave the way for a smartphone that does not die after a few hours of heavy use, says a study.
This technology taps into the power of a single electron to control energy consumption inside transistors.
"We devised a technique to cool the electrons internally - allowing reduction in operating voltage - so that we can create even smaller, more power-efficient devices," said study co-author Kyeongjae Cho, professor at the University of Texas, Dallas.
A new technology to control energy consumption inside transistors could pave the way for a smartphone that does not die after a few hours of heavy use, says a study.
Each time a device such as a smartphone or a tablet computes, it requires electrical power for operation.
Reducing operating voltage would mean longer shelf lives for these products and others.
The researchers found that when a specific atomic thin film layer was added to a transistor, the layer acted as a filter for the energy that passed through it at room temperature.
The signal that resulted from the device was six to seven times steeper than that of traditional devices. Steep devices use less voltage but still have a strong signal.
"The whole semi-conductor industry is looking for steep devices because they are key to having small, powerful, mobile devices with many functions that operate quickly without spending a lot of battery power," said co-author Jiyoung Kim, a professor at the University of Texas, Dallas in the US.
"Our device is one solution to make this happen," Kim added.
The study appeared online in the journal Nature Communications.
8

Your medical record is worth more to hackers than your credit cardSep 28, 2014 at 03:42pm IST
Your medical record is worth more to hackers than your credit card
26
2
New York: Your medical information is worth 10 times more than your credit card number on the black market.
Last month, the FBI warned healthcare providers to guard against cyber attacks after one of the largest US hospital operators, Community Health Systems Inc, said Chinese hackers had broken into its computer network and stolen the personal information of 4.5 million patients.
Security experts say cyber criminals are increasingly targeting the $3 trillion US healthcare industry, which has many companies still reliant on aging computer systems that do not use the latest security features.
Fraudsters use the stolen patient data to create fake IDs to buy medical equipment or drugs that can be resold.
#medical record #credit card #cybersecurity #hackers
"As attackers discover new methods to make money, the healthcare industry is becoming a much riper target because of the ability to sell large batches of personal data for profit," said Dave Kennedy, an expert on healthcare security and CEO of TrustedSEC LLC. "Hospitals have low security, so it's relatively easy for these hackers to get a large amount of personal data for medical fraud."
Interviews with nearly a dozen healthcare executives, cybersecurity investigators and fraud experts provide a detailed account of the underground market for stolen patient data.
The data for sale includes names, birth dates, policy numbers, diagnosis codes and billing information. Fraudsters use this data to create fake IDs to buy medical equipment or drugs that can be resold, or they combine a patient number with a false provider number and file made-up claims with insurers, according to experts who have investigated cyber attacks on healthcare organizations.
Medical identity theft is often not immediately identified by a patient or their provider, giving criminals years to milk such credentials. That makes medical data more valuable than credit cards, which tend to be quickly cancelled by banks once fraud is detected.
Stolen health credentials can go for $10 each, about 10 or 20 times the value of a US credit card number, according to Don Jackson, director of threat intelligence at PhishLabs, a cyber crime protection company. He obtained the data by monitoring underground exchanges where hackers sell the information.
Attacks on the rise
The percentage of healthcare organisations that have reported a criminal cyber attack has risen to 40 per cent in 2013 from 20 percent in 2009, according to an annual survey by the Ponemon Institute think tank on data protection policy.
Founder Larry Ponemon, who is privy to details of attacks on healthcare firms that have not been made public, said he has seen an increase this year in both the number of cyber attacks and number of records stolen in those breaches.
Fuelling that increase is a shift to electronic medical records by a majority of US healthcare providers.
Marc Probst, chief information officer of Intermountain Healthcare in Salt Lake City, said his hospital system fends off thousands of attempts to penetrate its network each week. So far it is not aware of a successful attack.
"The only reason to buy that data is so they can fraudulently bill," Probst said.
Healthcare providers and insurers must publicly disclose data breaches affecting more than 500 people, but there are no laws requiring criminal prosecution. As a result, the total cost of cyber attacks on the healthcare system is difficult to pin down. Insurance industry experts say they are one of many expenses ultimately passed onto Americans as part of rising health insurance premiums.
Consumers sometimes discover their credentials have been stolen only after fraudsters use their personal medical ID to impersonate them and obtain health services. When the unpaid bills are sent on to debt collectors, they track down the fraud victims and seek payment.
Ponemon cited a case last year in which one patient learned that his records at a major hospital chain were compromised after he started receiving bills related to a heart procedure he had not undergone. The man's credentials were also used to buy a mobility scooter and several pieces of medical equipment, racking up tens of thousands of dollars in total fraud.
Medicare fraud
The government's efforts to combat Medicare fraud have focused on traditional types of scams that involve provider billing and over billing. Fraud involving the Medicare program for seniors and the disabled totaled more than $6 billion in the last two years, according to a database maintained by Medical Identity Fraud Alliance.
"Healthcare providers and hospitals are just some of the easiest networks to break into," said Jeff Horne, vice president at cybersecurity firm Accuvant, which is majority-owned by private equity firm Blackstone Group.
"When I've looked at hospitals, and when I've talked to other people inside of a breach, they are using very old legacy systems - Windows systems that are 10 plus years old that have not seen a patch."
KPMG partner Michael Ebert said security has been an afterthought for many medical providers - whether it is building encryption into software used to create electronic patient records or in setting budgets.
"Are you going to put money into a brand new MRI machine or laser surgery or are you going to put money into a new firewall?" he said.
68

Panneerselvam  who too sold tea like Modi  to be Tamil Nadu CM againPanneerselvam to be sworn in CM, Jayalalithaa to appeal for bail today
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times   Chennai:, September 28, 2014
First Published: 17:41 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:56 IST(29/9/2014)
More power to tea sellers in India.
 
New Tamil Nadu chief minister designate, after his election as the leader of AIADMK legislature party, O Panneerselvam also knows what it is to sell tea, just like prime minister Narendra Modi, who takes pride in the fact that he rose from there to great heights in public life.
O Panneerselvam (PTI file photo)
Panneerselvam, finance minister in the Jayalalithaa government, was on Sunday invited by state governor K Rosaiah to form the government.
Read: A humble loyalist, Tamil Nadu’s new CM is Jaya’s right hand man
“Thiru O Panneerselvam, treasurer, AIADMK MLA representing Bondinaykanur Assembly constituency met His Excellency the Governor of Tamil Nadu at Raj Bhavan today (28-9-2014) and submitted a letter and the resolution passed by the AIADMK legislators held today in which he was unanimously elected as the leader of the AIADMK Legislature party. Consequently, His Excellency the Governor has invited him to form the ministry,” said a Press Release issued by the Raj Bhavan on Sunday evening.
It did not mention any date or time of the ministry formation, till the time of writing of the report.
Panneerselvam will be replacing Amma, now lodged in the Bangalore central jail located at Parappana Aghrahara after her conviction in disproportionate assets case.
A farmer hailing from Periyakulam in Theni district, 63-year old Paneerselvam also used to run a tea stall that he still owns. At present, the tea stall is run by members of his brother’s family.
Read: Panneerselvam gets invite to form new ministry in Tamil Nadu
Similarities to the powerful leader like Modi end with the selling of tea. The real power behind the new chief minister continues to be Jayalalithaa, who would be ruling through remote control.
AIADMK sources say that everything will be as if Amma were present. A down to earth person, Panneerselvam  maintains a low profile and a remains a very loyal soldier of Jayalalithaa, which critics describe “his master’s voice”.
It was due to his loyalty factor that Panneerselvam was picked up by Jayalalithaa then in 2001 and now in 2014, when she faces trying times in her political career.
During his earlier stint as the chief minister, he never sat in the chief minister’s chair and functioned from a smaller desk and chair. Panneeselvam would think nothing of responding to press queries with “I will get back to you after checking with Amma.”
Read: Jayalalithaa to move Karnataka high court for bail
He used to maintain that he was just a temporary arrangement to fill in for Amma who for some circumstances could not be present. This time too, it won’t be any different, AIADMK sources said.
OPS, as Panneerselvam is fondly called by his friends and admirers,  was among the very few persons  present with Jayalalithaa on Saturday and Sunday at Bangalore court and jail before returning to Chennai for the AIADMK legislature meet.
Panneerselvam is a mild manner politician and understands the many moods of Amma and what is expected of him, said a senior AIADMK leader not wanting to be named.
Panneerselvam entered politics in 1996 and became the chairperson Periyakulam municipality of Theni district. For the first time he contested assembly elections in 2001 from Periyakulam and became the PWD minister. Now he represents another constituency, Bondinayakar in assembly and is the first person from Thevar community to become the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. OPS also served briefly as leader of opposition in assembly after AIADMK lost power in 2006.

American Idol  Judge Randy Jackson Loses on Sale of LA Homeamerican idol  judge randy jackson loses on sale of la home
India s Exposure to US Government Securities Touch $79.7 BillionManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Washington: India has steeply increased its exposure to American government securities with the value of investments touching one-year high of $79.7 billion in July.
India's holdings of these securities have jumped by nearly $21 billion since July 2013 when it stood at just $58.9 billion, indicating improved sentiments about American economy as well as the bilateral ties.
Latest data from the US Treasury Department show that India's holdings at $79.7 billion were the fourth highest among BRICS grouping in July.
China's exposure was the highest at $1.264 trillion in July followed by Brazil at $258.6 billion and Russia with $114.5 billion worth holdings.
In the case of South Africa, investments in US government securities stood at $11.9 billion.
Among the BRICS bloc, except for China and South Africa, rest of the countries added to their holdings in July compared to June.
India has been increasing its investments in these treasury securities since the new government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May this year. In June, the exposure had touched $72.9 billion compared to $70.1 billion in May this year.
The investments stood at $68.7 billion in April, lower than $70.2 billion seen in March.
In January and February this year, the exposure was at $68.1 billion and $67 billion, respectively.
In signs that growth is gathering pace in the world's largest economy, US GDP expanded 4.6 per cent in the second quarter of 2014.
The growth rate is much higher than earlier estimate of 4.2 per cent for the same period.
"Real GDP increased 4.6 per cent in the second quarter, after decreasing 2.1 per cent in the first," US Department of Commerce said this Friday.
This upturn in the percent change in real GDP primarily reflected rise in exports and in private inventory investment, among others, it had said.
Currently, PM Modi is on his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister and India is looking to attract more overseas investments into the country.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 17:45 (IST)

 PM Modi s US Visit to Boost Fund Inflows: Reliance MFThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US to boost bilateral ties and deepen economic relations will give a fillip to investment flows from institutional investors into the Indian markets, says a top Indian fund house Reliance Mutual Fund.
"I believe that the investors who have been sitting on the fence and those looking for an emerging market opportunity would now begin putting their money directly into India, while funds from other emerging markets are also likely to be reallocated to our markets," Reliance MF CEO and mutual fund industry body AMFI's chairman Sundeep Sikka said.
Mr Sikka, who was here to attend India Investment Forum organised by Institutional Investor Forums ahead of Prime Minister Modi's 5-day US visit from September 26-30, said that he saw a huge interest among the investor community here for Indian markets.
"At this point of time, we believe that the Prime Minister's visit and the prevailing positivity about India will turn into good flows into Indian markets from institutional investors," Mr Sikka told PTI.
He said: "A lot of people have been looking at India and now we will see actual money also flowing into India. Till now a lot of money came into India through ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds), but specially the larger investors will now come and start investing through the local players.
When asked what could be the quantum of funds that might come into the Indian markets, the Reliance MF chief said it was difficult to put a number, but it will be much more than the current numbers.
When asked what all would attract investors to India, in addition to good returns, Mr Sikka said: "What we are seeing is that for institutional investors, the best thing is that when they see an opportunity, they see an upside. Now, a lot of things are falling in place for India."
Mr Sikka added: "A lot of people who were underweight on India for a long time, they will now start coming to India. It's not only the returns, but India is coming up very strongly on relative basis to other emerging markets. I think, that is one of the best things.
"When someone takes an option on India, then they have broadly two options -- either come through ETFs or come directly through investing in mutual funds or at least are advised by asset managers in India.
"One trend that we are seeing during our meetings is that a lot of institutional investors had teams based out of New York managing their funds in India, but now they see an opportunity in taking their money to onshore fund managers and directly go to the market."
Mr Sikka also praised capital market regulator Sebi for making it easier for portfolio managers sitting outside India to have local onshore fund managers to advise foreign investors.
Mr Sikka further said that an overseas fund can now directly invest in an Indian market through an international fund and rather than setting up an office here, it can directly invest in a mutual fund scheme in India.
"Sebi has made things so simple now. Today, the investor interest is there, returns are there and positive views are there in favour of India and all this would certainly have a major impact on fund flows," he added.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 17:09 (IST)

Nadella Promises Cooperation in China Antitrust ProbeYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Chief Satya Nadella Promises Cooperation in Chinese Antitrust Probe
Reuters | Updated On: September 28, 2014 17:01 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Beijing: Microsoft Corp chief executive Satya Nadella promised to cooperate fully with Chinese authorities in their antitrust investigation into his company during a meeting with a top regulator in Beijing, the Chinese government said.
Microsoft has been ensnared in an anti-monopoly investigation launched this summer by China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC), which has already seized evidence from multiple Microsoft offices across China and summoned high-level executives for questioning.
Nadella, who took the helm of the world's largest software company in February, met with SAIC chief Zhang Mao on Friday in what was portrayed as a conciliatory encounter by the SAIC, one of three antitrust agencies in China.
Microsoft will turn over information requested by investigators in a timely fashion, while the company is confident the government probe will be fair and transparent, Nadella told Zhang, according to an account published on the SAIC website.
Nadella also said the Chinese government's regulatory practices helped create beneficial conditions for the growth of Chinese and foreign companies, the SAIC said.
Zhang pledged a fair and transparent investigation and said his agency welcomed Microsoft's questions and suggestions about the investigation, according to the SAIC.
Microsoft declined to comment on the government meeting but said in a statement that it is "serious about complying with China's laws and committed to addressing SAIC's questions and concerns."
Nadella, whose planned visit was first reported by Reuters last month, swung through the Chinese capital as part of his first trip to Asia as CEO.
Nadella also spoke to students at Tsinghua University in Beijing, where he said extolled China as a source of human capital and a vibrant innovation culture, according to the official China Daily.
Nadella is the latest foreign tech executive to arrive in Beijing to diffuse tensions with regulatory authorities, whose muscular enforcement of a 2008 anti-monopoly law has unsettled Western companies.
Qualcomm Inc, which is facing a potentially record-breaking fine, sent president Derek Aberle to Beijing in August to meet with the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the antitrust agency probing the San Diego-based chipmaker.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Tech-Friendly Cities Struggle With New Biz RulesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Watch: Modi addresses world leaders at UNGASep 28, 2014, 01.52 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Watch: Modi addresses world leaders at UNGA
On his 5-day trip to New York, his first since taking charge as Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is expected to make his first address to the United Nations General Assembly today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Watch: Modi addresses world leaders at UNGA
On his 5-day trip to New York, his first since taking charge as Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is expected to make his first address to the United Nations General Assembly today.
Post your opinion here
 
On his 5-day trip to New York, his first since taking charge as Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is expected to make his first address to the United Nations General Assembly today.  
His packed schedule includes 35 meetings - he will be meeting US President Barack Obama, leading industrialists and other prominent members of the Indian American community.  
The Prime Minister has already met the mayor of New York city earlier this morning, followed by a visit to the United States National Cancer Institute.  
Before addressing world leaders at the UNGA, PM Modi will also be paying his respects at the 9/11 Memorial. He will also conduct bilateral meetings with the leaders of Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal.
On Sunday, Modi will address prominent Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Garden in New York.  
Ahead of his Madison Square Garden address, fans congregated at the spot, cheering for Modi, some claiming that they had been waiting for him ever since he was denied a visa. Organisers also claimed that even though 40,000 people had applied to attend Modi's address, tickets could only be given to 18,000.  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi is currently staying at the iconic New York Palace Hotel. Modi's day is going to start with a trip to the museum that has been built on the 9/11 site here- a museum that was built in the memory of all those who had died when the 9/11 terrorist strikes had taken place here.  
Also when Modi starts addressing the UN General Assembly session, he is bound to talk about the security scenario which prevails globally. US President Barack Obama already said that the biggest threat to the international community is from the problem of Islamist extremism.  
Narendra Modi's speech is therefore, going to be looked at very carefully by all world leaders both on the security front as well as the economic front.  
The other important aspect of this meeting is the business of economics. On this trip Narendra Modi is going to try hard to sell the India story. Prominent American businessmen and industrialists opine that India is high on hope. India has assured a lot in the past but has never delivered. What is left to be seen is whether, Narendra Modi can do that since he is trying to position himself as the chief executive officer on this trip.
RELATED NEWS

India capable of leading in 21st century  says PM Modi  asks NRIs to engage in  Make in India  projectFull spech: Amidst cheers, PM Narendra Modi addresses Madison Square ground
Oct 01, 2014 at  03:58pm IST
India capable of leading in 21st century, says PM Modi, asks NRIs to engage in 'Make in India' project
28
1
New York: Beaming with hope and confidence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday assured the nearly 20,000 strong Non Resident Indians and Persons of Indian Origin community at New York's Madison Square Ground that the 21st century belongs to India. Amidst massive sloganeering in his favour by an ecstatic crowd, Modi said that India is growing at a rapid pace and it has the capability to lead the world.
"The 21st century will be that of India. By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide work force to the world," he said while citing examples of growing global demand for nurses and teachers to the houseful crowd.
Appreciating the efforts put in by the NRIs, youth of the country and technology, he said that it is only through the combined efforts of all that India has been able to come out of the image of the "land of snake charmers".
Prime Minister Modi assured that by 2020, India will be in a position to provide work force to the world.
#modi meets america #narendra modi #narendra modi in us #nrs
He also invited the NRIs to take an active part in his ambitious "Make In India Project". "People can connect with the 'Make in India' project through a simple tap on their phones and laptops. You can also connect with us on our website mygov.in to connect with the government," Modi said.
Assuring a bright future, the PM listed out the advantages that India has over the others. "Democracy, demographic dividend in which 65 per cent of its population is under 35 years, and the demand for India because it is a huge market," according to him were the three biggest strengths that India possesses.
Modi also accepted that his majestic win in the Lok Sabha elections had come with a big responsibility for him and promised that he will do his best to fulfil the aspiration of the people. "My government will be 100 per cent successful in fulfilling the aspirations of the people. We will not do anything which will let you down," he said adding that ever since he took charge as the Prime Minister, he has not taken even a 15-minute vacation.
Amidst repeated chanted of 'Modi-Modi' from the crowd, he spoke on the development that India must undertake. "My effort is to make development a mass movement like the Indian freedom struggle. I am confident is we will succeed in this. There is no cause for disappointment," the PM asserted.
With an eye to connect with the NRIs, Modi, who arrived at the packed Madison Square Garden to a rousing welcome, announced the merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora. He announced that PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
He also took a jibe at the his predecessors saying that "earlier governments only talked about making new laws, I have removed all laws that were outdated and redundant. There was a web of policies in which people get caught," Modi said.
In an unprecedented welcome for an Indian Prime Minister, over 3 dozen Congressmen and Senators encircled the stage and waited as PM Modi came up on the stage. Attired in a saffron Nehru jacket and yellow kurta, the PM held the packed indoor stadium spellbound as nearly 20,000 people cheered for him.

At least 31 feared dead after Japan volcano spews ash and rockAt least 31 feared dead after Japan volcano spews ash and rock
AP
print
Finally reaching the ash-covered summit of a still-erupting volcano in central Japan, rescue workers made a grim discovery Sunday: 31 apparently dead people, some reportedly buried in knee-deep ash.
Four victims were brought down and confirmed dead, one day after Mount Ontake's big initial eruption, said Takehiko Furukoshi, a Nagano prefecture crisis-management official.
The 27 others were listed as having heart and lung failure, the customary way for Japanese authorities to describe a body until police doctors can examine it.
Officials provided no details on how they may have died.
It was the first fatal eruption in modern times at 3,067-meter (10,062-foot) Mount Ontake, a popular climbing destination about 210 kilometers (130 miles) west of Tokyo on the main Japanese island of Honshu. A similar eruption occurred in 1979, but no one died.
Volcanic smoke rises from Mount Ontake, which straddles Nagano and Gifu prefectures, central Japan. (Reuters)
 
Rescue helicopters hovered over ash-covered mountain lodges and vast landscapes that looked a ghostly gray, like the surface of the moon, devoid of nearly all color but the bright orange of rescue workers' jumpsuits.
Japanese media reported that some of the bodies were found in a lodge near the summit and that others were buried in ash up to 50 centimeters (20 inches) deep. Police said only two of the four confirmed dead had been identified. Both were men, ages 23 and 45.
Mount Ontake erupted shortly before noon at perhaps the worst possible time, with at least 250 people taking advantage of a beautiful fall Saturday to go for a hike. The blast spewed large white plumes of gas and ash high into the sky, blotted out the midday sun and blanketed the surrounding area in ash.
Hundreds were initially trapped on the slopes, though most made their way down by Saturday night.
About 40 people who were stranded overnight came down on Sunday. Many were injured, and some had to be rescued by helicopters or carried down on stretchers. By nightfall, all the injured had been brought down, officials said.
Japan's Fire and Disaster Management Agency tallied 37 injured people and said it was trying to update the number still missing.
Furukoshi said rescuers gave priority to helping the survivors come down, leaving behind those who were obviously without hope.
This aerial picture shows rescue workers and Self Defence Force soldiers searching for missing climbers and survivors among ash covered mountain cottages on the top of Mount Ontake at Nagano prefecture. (AFP photo)
Survivors told Japanese media that they were pelted by rocks. One woman said she covered her head with a knapsack, and later found a thermos inside had been flattened.
A man said he and others went into the basement of a lodge, fearing that the rocks would penetrate the roof. He covered himself with a futon, a thin Japanese mattress, for protection.
"Even small eruptions can cause major damage if people are around, as they get hit by rocks that come flying," Nagoya University volcanologist Koshun Yamaoka said at a news conference Sunday. "And the problem is that catching signs of such small eruptions is difficult."
Volcanoes can also kill by spewing toxic gases and lung-choking ash.
Military helicopters plucked seven people off the mountainside earlier Sunday in three helicopter trips, said Defense Ministry official Toshihiko Muraki. All were conscious and could walk, he said.
An injured climber, center, is helped by a firefighter, left, after descending Mount Ontake in Gero, Gifu prefecture, central Japan. (AP photo)
 
Japanese television footage showed a soldier descending from a large camouflage-colored helicopter and helping latch on to a man. Then the two of them were pulled up.
At least one woman was carried down on a stretcher, and a man with a broken arm walked down.
The Self-Defense Force, as Japan's military is called, sent seven helicopters and 250 troops. Police and fire departments also joined the rescue effort.
A large white-and-gray plume continued to rise from Mount Ontake, visible from the nearby village of Otaki.
Shinichi Shimohara, who works at a shrine at the foot of the mountain, said he was on his way up Saturday morning when he heard a loud noise that sounded like strong winds followed by "thunder" as the volcano erupted.
"For a while I heard thunder pounding a number of times," he said. "Soon after, some climbers started descending. They were all covered with ash, completely white. I thought to myself: This must be really serious."

Now  a skin patch to monitor your hearts healthNow, a skin patch to monitor your heart’s health
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 01:01 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:14 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
Move on from smart watches — technology and research will take a step forward when you can wear a skin patch and monitor the health of your heart round the clock.
International researchers reported online last week in Nature Communications that they’ve created an ultrathin, five centimeter square flexible patch that when placed on the skin studies blood flow and  reveals any change in  the health of the heart.
The patch is 3,600 tiny “thermochromic” liquid crystal devices that change colour with the temperature.
“It is more like a ‘skin-like’, thin device — very much like a kid’s temporary transfer tattoo, but in which the colours change with temperature.  The device can measure thermal profiles associated with blood flow through near surface arteries.  This information can be connected to cardiovascular health. The device changes colour and can be monitored quantitatively using the camera on a cellphone,” John Rogers, one of the authors of the study told HT.
The systems combine pixelated arrays of thermochromic liquid crystals and wireless electronics in physical forms — modulus, elastic strain limit, thickness and thermal mass — that are matched to the epidermis, Rogers said.

Narendra Modi opens goody bag for Indian-Americans at Madison Square GardenNarendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 19:24 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(29/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi finally got to thank his NRI (Non-Resident Indians) constituency for their support in getting him elected. And they finally got to see the man they had waited so long to see as Prime Minister.
  
Play Pause
Attendees stand as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as PM Modi prepares to give a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks to supporters during a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
A crowd of US-based supporters await the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
Dancers perform before India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the US. (Reuters Photo)
An artist carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI ...
Supporters during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
The scoreboard shows a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi above the arena floor before a community reception for the Prime Minister at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP ...
A boy wearing a mask of PM Narendra Modi waves during the "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York ...
“Today, I say thanks to everyone,” said Modi, adding, “and I assure you I will never do anything to let you down.” His thank-you note came with a few goodies.
One, holders of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given visas for their lifetime.
Two, people staying in India for a long period would not have to report to police stations periodically any more.
Three, measures will be initiated to end problems faced by those with non-Indian American spouses. PIO and Overseas Indian Cards would be merged into one shortly.
Four, US tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Five, outsourced consular services will be expanded.
“Happy?” Modi beamed to the packed venue, after announcing the first measure, which came at the end of a speech repeatedly interrupted by chants of “Modi, Modi”.
Dressed in a yellow kurta and peach waistcoat, the PM showed none of the strain of his navratri fast of just warm water, now into its fourth day on Sunday.
Read: Crush of US politicians meeting Modi
It was vintage Modi at the podium, feeding on the energy of the iconic Manhattan venue packed with supporters from 49 of the 50 states of the United States.
Also there to listen to a man who just stunned the world with a massive electoral victory were many US lawmakers, many of whom were in the middle of their own re-election campaigns.
The PM thanked his supporters, many of whom, as he said, had either travelled to India to campaign for him or supported him and the BJP from here.
Seshadri Kumar, who publishes a community paper, came to the reception all the way from Houston, Texas. “I could have stayed home and watched it on TV,” he said.
But this was a historic event and he wanted to be there.
Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
Acutely aware of the importance of the event, Modi quickly moved from recognising and thanking them for their support to reporting to them why they were right in choosing him.
The PM could have been speaking to an audience at home in India, explaining, as he did, his vision, his plans, his goals and ambitions for India.
“The government you have chosen will not leave any stone unturned in developing the country,” said Modi, adding, “this government will succeed in fulfilling all our aspirations.”
And here is why, he said. India cannot be stopped. India has three unique qualities which we need to recognise and present to the world: democracy, demographic dividend and demand (as consumers).
In a speech that was repeatedly interrupted by cheers and applause, the longest ovation was for the time when he said he grew up selling tea.
Everyone in the audience knew that story well — many of them had participated in his “Chai with Modi” events in the run up to the elections, but they couldn’t help themselves.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Top 10 quotes from Modi speech
 
“I have reached here by selling tea. I am a very small person… I am small and that is why I take interest in doing small work for small people. I am small that is why I have the intent to do big things for small people.” — his reply to people who ask him to talk of his “bada vision” (big vision).
 
“I will repay your debt by making the India of your dreams,”
 
“Earlier, Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
“Is this news?” — on reports that officials in India had started reporting for work on time.
 
“I have a dream that no family in India should be without a house in 2022. These are small things I am telling you, but these are the things which will turn India’s fortunes.” 
 
“Thousands of crores have been spent. People have told me Modi ji why are you getting involved in this tough work. If I had to do easy work, people would not have made me PM.” — on taking up the challenge of cleaning river Ganga
 
“There are many expectations from the government. I can say with belief, this government will succeed 100% in meeting people’s expectations.”
 
“A country which has such capable fingers… a country whose youth which is committed to development on its own…such a country has no need to turn back and look.”
 
“I haven’t taken even a 15-minute vacation since I’ve taken the PM’s post.”
 
“When 2019 comes, let us pledge to give Mahatma Gandhi — on his 150th birth anniversary — a clean India.”

Plot allotment controversy casts shadow on new CJI HL DattuPlot allotment row casts shadow on new CJI
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 28, 2014
First Published: 11:22 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:46 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
A two-decade-old controversy over housing society plot allotments to some of the most prominent members of the Indian judiciary has become relevant once again as Supreme Court judge HL Dattu assumed the most powerful judicial office in the country on Sunday.
New Chief Justice of India Justice Dattu, and two of his Supreme Court colleagues – TS Thakur and V Gopala Gowda – are among the judges who accepted the plots in defiance of a 1995 ruling by the Karnataka high court that judges were ineligible to participate in the land scheme.
The issue of the allotments has surfaced repeatedly since 1994 when the first judges purchased the plots from the society meant for court employees.
Justice HL Dattu takes oath as the new Chief Justice of India on Sunday. (Photo Courtesy: Doordarshan)
Recently another top Judge, KL Manjunath, has seen his planned elevation to Chief Justice the Punjab and Haryana high court complicated by his participation in the allotment row, which has been cited in press reports as among the factors motivating a possible impeachment bid against him.
 
The state government originally acquired the land for the project from farmers in 1991 and sold it to the Karnataka State Judicial Department Employees House Building Cooperative Society (KSJDEHBCS) at a huge subsidy so that it could fulfill the ‘public purpose’ of housing court employees who could not afford alternative accommodation.
However, soon after the colony was formed near the Bangalore airport, judges too started enrolling as members and accepting the steeply discounted plots.
Sale deeds with HT show that Justice Dattu was first allotted a 2,400 sq. ft. plot by the society for Rs. 61,598 at Rs. 15 per sq. ft. on June 30, 1997.
He was allotted another 4,000 sq. ft. plot on October 26, 2002, for Rs. 1,02,666 at Rs. 25 per sq. Land in the surrounding areas was selling for no less than Rs. 1,500 a sq. ft. at the time.
A society official, who helped HT in this investigation, claimed that Justice Dattu surrendered the first plot in February 2003 after other members objected to the double allotment.
On June 21, 2010, he gifted the other plot to his grandson Mihir Adithya who was three years old at the time.
According to local realtors who spoke to HT, a minimum of Rs. 8,000 per sq. ft. is now the going rate in the area. At those prices, the plot justice Dattu acquired for just over a lakh in 2002 and subsequently gifted to his grandson is worth more than Rs. 3 crore today.
Documents obtained by HT indicate that the judicial employees’ society irregularly allotted plots to at least another 73 judges between 1994 and 2006.
See: List of 73 judges
The society by-laws define a member as “an employee of the judicial department in Karnataka [who] has put in a minimum continuous or intermittent service of five years in Karnataka.” But judges, as affirmed by repeated Supreme Court rulings, are not employees of the department.
The matter of judges benefitting from this subsidised project meant for court employees was taken to the Karnataka high court through a writ and resulted in a ruling that the allotment to judges was an “irregularity”.
A division bench of the high court ruled on October 12, 1995: “A reading of Clause-7 of the bye-laws, in our view, by no stretch of imagination can include the judges of High Court or Supreme Court (sitting, transferred, retired)."
In an exclusive to HT, Justice (retd) MF Saldanha, who was part of the division bench, spoke about the ethical and legal questions arising out of the allotment.
Watch: Justice (retd) Saldanha's interview to HT  
But the allotment to judges did not stop. Judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda purchased the plots from 1996 onwards, after this ruling was passed. Nearly 50 judges accepted plots from the society after the high court ruling.
A joint legislature committee of the Karnataka assembly submitted a report in 2007 and added: “It is most unfortunate that the KSJDEHBCS, which should have been a model to other house building cooperative societies, has itself become the leading law- breaker without the least fear or care for the law, propriety of public interest. It has indulged in acts of favour, cronyism and capricious indifference to law at its will. Obviously, High Court judges and powerful persons as its members and beneficiaries will ensure immunity to all its illegal acts.”
Although the committee’s report was put in cold storage, the issue came alive again with the appointment of former Supreme Court judge Shivraj V Patil as Karnataka Lokayukta in 2011. A media expose of the plots received by him from the judicial employees’ society forced him to resign as the state’s anti-corruption ombudsman just over a month after he took charge.
The Lokayukta’s post remained vacant for 17 months after Justice Patil’s resignation as the then BJP government struggled to find a judge who had not benefited from the scheme. Every time the government announced a candidate, the media would expose his allotment. Matters came to a head when the then governor HR Bhardwaj refused to approve the appointment of a former judge following media reports about his plot.
The present Lokayukta, Justice Y Bhaskar Rao, also a plot allottee, was appointed in an atmosphere vitiated by protests from sections of the opposition and hostile reports in the media.
The ethical question that laid siege to the Karnataka Lokayukta’s office for 17 months, however, did not prevent the mobility of judges through the collegium system of judicial appointments. Many went on to preside over various high courts in the country as well as the Supreme Court of India.
Indeed, justice Dattu and Justice Thakur are today ranked second and third in terms of seniority in the apex court’s panel of 26 judges. They are also members of the collegium that vets and appoints judges to the higher judiciary.
HT met justice Dattu at his farmhouse and had a tele-conversation with Justice Gopala Gowda on September 12 to seek a response. Both judges declined to comment but said that a letter written to the society president by former Chief Justice of India, MN Venkatachalaiah, who is also an allotee, clarified everything.
Society president K Sippe Gowda told HT, “Justice Gowda called me a few minutes ago and asked me to give you that letter. But I have lost it. I don’t know where it is.” Asked how he could lose such an important document, he said, “I didn’t think it was that important.”
Justice Thakur did not respond to repeated requests for comment sent through his staff.
Today, the two colonies formed by the society are bustling centres of real estate trading with some of the biggest builders in the city hawking luxury apartments costing in excess of Rs. 2 crore.
Despite a condition in each sale deeds requiring owners to construct a house within two years of receiving a plot those allotted to judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda remain vacant.

ISIS on mind  India sends IB chief to Saudi ArabiaISIS on mind, India sends IB chief to Saudi Arabia
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 00:36 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:30 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
With an aim to forge a common front against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) and al Qaeda terrorist groups, India on Sunday has despatched Syed Asif Ibrahim, director, Intelligence Bureau, for a week-long trip to Saudi Arabia to discuss radicalisation of Muslim youth over the internet.
Advertisement
Ibrahim, whose tenure led to a crackdown and subsequent decimation of the Indian Mujahideen (IM) group with the arrest of co-founder Yasin Bhatkal in August 2013, is currently under threat from a Pakistan-based IM splinter group Ansar-ul-Tauhid for taking the Indian fight to the Islamic jihadists. He was threatened and called names by Tauhid-run Al Isabah website on the 6th anniversary of Batla House encounter on September 18, 2014. The website was disabled that very day.
Top government sources said that during his trip, Ibrahim will be interacting with Saudi intelligence agency heads as well as the interior minister of the Kingdom to discuss ways to prevent Sunni youth from joining the so-called Caliphate of Abu Bakr Al Baghdadi of ISIS. Under pressure from the global community, the Saudis this time are keeping a close watch on the Haj pilgrims to prevent the radicalisation in the name of religion. It is understood that central message from Mecca on Eid will be against terrorism.
While joining the coalition in the fight against ISIS, Saudi Arabia has assured India that it will not allow any Haj pilgrim to stray into Syria or Iraq and a close vigil will be maintained on the borders. Although MK Narayanan, national security advisor to the then PM Manmohan Singh, this month has revealed a figure of 150 Indians fighting with ISIS, the internal estimates of the Union home ministry still stand at 22 youth from Telangana, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra.

Chautalas invoke Devi Lal  INLD goes on offensive againstCongressTesting time for us and people of Haryana: Ajay Chautala.
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:08 am
Its top leadership may have been convicted of corruption, but the shoulders are not exactly drooping in the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD). In fact, the party is in attack mode and using the convictions of party chief Om Prakash Chautala, his elder son Ajay Chautala and senior party leader Sher Singh Badhshami to take on the ruling Congress in the state.
The party has also launched a slogan, “Aapka har vote seedha Om Prakash Chautala ko”, to drive home the point that the senior Chautala may be down but not out.
Ajay Chautala, who was convicted of corruption along with his father, has gone a step ahead and released a letter of appeal to the people, invoking his grandfather Devi Lal. In the letter, Ajay, who is currently out of jail on medical grounds, said his and his father’s stay in jail was like Devi Lal’s imprisonment during the freedom struggle.
“Whenever Chaudhary Devi Lal faced a crisis in his political life, he went to the people of Haryana and sought justice. People of the state also ensured their full support to him and he continued serving them. Similarly, while following his footsteps, when Om Prakash Chautala took over as Chief Minister of Haryana from July 24, 1999 to March 4, 2005, he ensured basic amenities and employment to poor, farmers, labourers,” Ajay said in his letter.
“However, as part of a well-knit conspiracy, the present Congress government targeted Om Prakash Chautala and all those who were following the footsteps of Chaudhary Devi Lal and falsely implicated them in the JBT teachers recruitment case. This conspiracy has been exposed. Haryana Chief Minister’s repeated visits to the residence of the CBI chief is ample proof of it,” Ajay alleged in the letter.
INLD has announced that if voted to power, Om Prakash Chautala will be sworn in inside the jail as the Chief Minister. Although the law does not permit him to contest elections because of his conviction on corruption charges, the party claims Om Prakash Chautala can still be the Chief Minister for at least six months without contesting the polls.
In his letter, Ajay further wrote, “It has always been their strategy that whoever exposes Congress’s scams, the party hatches conspiracies and implicates such people in false criminal cases. We have always learnt to live in struggle. We are not going to accept defeat. Same as Chaudhary Devi Lal’s, each and every drop of our blood is dedicated to the people of Haryana. Following his (Devi Lal’s) footsteps, we are today standing on the path of struggle.”
“We shall always keep shouting Devi Lal’s ideologies, irrespective of the times we are pushed into Tihar jail. At the age of 80 years, when Om Prakash Chautala should have been among the people, he is languishing in jail for helping the people of the state. It is a continued…

http://usat.ly/1wQ44C1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
U.S. carbon emissions rise despite Obama climate plan
U.S. emissions of heat-trapping carbon dioxide have risen 6% in the last two years despite the Obama administration's efforts to curb global warming, federal data show.
Post to Facebook
U.S. carbon emissions rise despite Obama climate plan U.S. emissions of heat-trapping carbon dioxide have risen 6% in the last two years despite the Obama administration's efforts to curb global warming, federal data show. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1phi0jt
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
U.S. carbon emissions rise despite Obama climate plan
Wendy Koch , USA TODAY 5:19 p.m. EDT September 26, 2014
An oil well near Tioga, N.D.
(Photo: Karen Bleier, AFP/Getty Images)
244 CONNECT 95 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. emissions of heat-trapping carbon dioxide have risen 6% in the last two years despite the Obama administration's efforts to curb global warming, federal data show.
Reversing several years of declines, its emissions from burning fossil fuels (coal, oil and natural gas) rose 2.7% during the first half of this year, compared to the same period in 2013, and 6% compared to 2012, according to the Energy Information Administration's "Monthly Energy Review."
This increase is a setback for President Obama, who touted U.S. progress in cutting emissions at this week's historic U.N. Climate Summit in New York, attended by representative from more than 120 countries.
"Over the past eight years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution by more than any other nation on Earth," he said, adding the U.S. is on track to meet his 2009 pledge to cut carbon emissions 17% below 2005 levels by 2020.
Indeed, until 2013, the U.S. was well on its way toward meeting that goal. Its energy-related carbon emissions had fallen 13.4% from 2005 through 2012, according to the EIA data. But given increases in the last 18 months, that decline since 2005 now stands at 10.7%.
In his U.N. speech, Obama cited the U.S. surge in non-polluting energy sources such as wind and solar. While power generated by solar panels doubled during the first six months of this year compared to 2012 and that of wind turbines rose 31% in that two-year period, they remain a tiny share of U.S. energy production.
The EIA data, released this week, show that energy produced from coal has fallen slightly, replaced by an uptick in natural gas. The biggest change in fossil fuels, though, is the production of crude oil — up 31% during the first half of this year compared to 2012.
In June, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency proposed a 30% national cut in carbon emissions from existing power plants by 2030. It's seeking public comment on the rule, which targets coal-fired plants that are the biggest emitters, before finalizing it next year.
"States are participating very heavily ... the discussions are going well," EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy told reporters Friday, adding they have flexibility in how to meet their individual reduction targets.
The coal industry and some members of Congress oppose the EPA plan, saying it will hike U.S. electricity bills.
The U.S., the world's second-largest carbon emitter, is not alone in reporting a hike in emissions. Global emissions rose 2.3% last year, driven largely by a 4.2% increase in China, the biggest emitter, and a 5.1% jump in India, the third-largest one, according to the tracking initiative known as the Global Carbon Project.
"The growth in U.S. CO2 emissions is a clear wake-up call that much more needs to be done to accelerate the continued growth of renewable energy sources, as well as improved energy efficiency, if the nation is to successfully address climate change," said Ken Bossong, executive director of the SUN DAY campaign, a non-profit research group that promotes renewable power.
The biggest U.S. emissions increase occurred in homes followed by the commercial sector. As the nation's cars and light trucks become more fuel-efficient, emissions from transportation held steady.
U.N. member countries have agreed that, to avoid the most dangerous effects of climate change, they need to keep global average temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels. To do that, emissions will have to start plummeting soon.
If they continue on their current path, scientists estimate that global temperatures could rise between 5.8 degrees and 9.7 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of this century.
244 CONNECT 95 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1phi0jt
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Buy Tata Motors  Sell TCS Today: Sanjeev BhasinThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Indian stock markets are likely to consolidate ahead of the Reserve Bank policy announcement on Tuesday. There are hopes that equities might react to positive feedback of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit.
Global cues seem benign with the Dow Jones average in the US seeing sharp volatility as valuations of e-commerce and social-media caused discomfort to investors. This is a holiday-dominated week, so expect to see subdued participation locally.
Market participants will track the rupee and foreign flows after S&P's upward revision of India's outlook.
Trading calls (outlook 3/4 days),
1) Buy Tata Motors: 507-512, stop loss 497, target 536
2) Sell TCS: 2675-2700, stop loss 2750, target 2555
Previous trades,
3) Sell Sesa Sterlite: 270-275, stop loss 280, target 256-59
4) Sell Cairn India: 302-307, stop loss 315, target 288-292
5) Buy IndusInd Bank: 620-626, stop loss 608, target 656
6) Buy BPCL: 638-644, stop loss 619, target 676
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 08:14 (IST)

Sonia  Rahul Gandhi to visit flood-hit Jammu & Kashmir today13
0
New Delhi: Almost a month after the disastrous floods struck Jammu and Kashmir, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and party vice president Rahul Gandhi will reach out to people in the state during their two-day visit starting on Monday.
"Sonia and Rahul are visiting J&K on a two days visit from Monday to meet the flood victims and assess damages caused to public property and infrastructure in worst-ever floods in the state, which has taken a toll on nearly 300 lives," a senior party official said on Sunday.
They will be flanked by Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad, AICC (I) General Secretary, In-charge Jammu and Kashmir, Ambika Soni and PCC (I) chief Prof Saif-ud-Din Soz during their visit.
They will be flanked by Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad, AICC (I) General Secretary, In-charge Jammu and Kashmir, Ambika Soni and PCC (I) chief Prof Saif-ud-Din Soz during their visit.
#jammu and kashmir floods #sonia gandhi #rahul gandhi #congress
When asked about the programme, Azad told PTI they are coming on two-days visit to J&K from Monday and their programme is being finalised.
Sonia and Rahul are expected to reach Srinagar on Monday morning and will visit flood hit areas in Srinagar and South Kashmir in the Valley, besides some relief and rehabilitation camps and interact with flood victims and assess damage caused to houses, commercial establishments and Government infrastructure in the floods.
They will also be briefed by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and Deputy Chief Minister Tara Chand during a meeting in Srinagar.
On September 30, the Gandhis are expected to fly to Poonch border district to meet the affected persons and hold a meeting in Jammu of party functionaries including Ministers.
(With inputs from PTI)

Recovery of Bodies Underway at Japanese VolcanoAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Bank of Baroda  Anant Raj  Muthoot Finance in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Bank of Baroda, Anant Raj, Muthoot Finance in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 09:21 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Monday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors had sold stocks worth Rs 1,134 crore on Friday. But however domestic investors offset the selling as they bought stocks worth more than Rs 1,335 crore in cash market. Markets are likely to witness some short covering today on the back of revision in credit rating outlook by international rating agency Standard & Poor.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
Bank of Baroda board has approved stock split in the ratio of 5:1. Each stock having face value of Rs 10 will be divided in to five stocks of Rs 2 face value each. The stock split is subject to approval of RBI and SEBI.
Anant Raj on Friday announced sale of its wholly-owned subsidiary Greatway Estates for Rs 304.12 crore. The company said the funds will be used partly to repay its debt and partially for development of its projects.
Muthoot Finance is reportedly to sell around 20 per cent stake to private equity investors to raise around Rs 1,200 crore.
Petronet LNG: Asian Development Bank has sold 3.9 crore shares at Rs 183 per share in the bank on Friday. With this the bank has sold its entire 5.2 per cent stake in Petronet LNG.
Indian Overseas Bank/Syndicate Bank: International credit rating agency Standard & Poor has revised its outlook on 11 Indian banks from negative to stable but however it still maintains a negative outlook on Indian Overseas Bank and Syndicate Bank.
Patel Integrated Logistics: Amazon has reportedly partnered with the company for fast-track delivery of its products to its customers across the country.
Kingfisher Airlines said on Saturday that it had secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on the decision of United Bank of India to declare the airline and its directors as wilful defaulters.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 09:21 (IST)

"Terrorism divides  tourism unites"New York, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 11:17 IST
"Terrorism divides, tourism unites"
Tweet
The Hindu Prime Minister Modi addressing a group at The Pierre Hotel in New York. Photo: Narayan Lakshman
Reuters A painter reacts as he creates a portrait of Prime Minister Narendra Modi before Modi is scheduled to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States.
AP Supporters cheers and wave Indian flags as India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi gives a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, in New York.
VIDEO
international relations
The vast untapped economic potential of the tourism industry was at the heart of an impassioned pitch that Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi made in Manhattan, when he said to a select, distinguished gathering of Indian-American community leaders, opinion-shapers, and long-standing friends of India in the U.S. government, that tourism could generate income for taxi drivers, auto-rickshaw drivers and “even tea-sellers.”
Reiterating his support for a scheme that he had mentioned in an earlier conversation Mr. Modi said to the nearly 700 Indian-Americans at a star-studded dinner at the Taj Group’s Pierre Hotel overlooking Central Park that he did not need their dollars, rather he wanted every Indian-American to send five non-Indian friends to visit the country.
This way, even though India’s current achievements in the tourism sphere were relatively low, they could increase substantially to tap into a global market worth nearly $3 trillion globally, he argued, and this would also bring benefits per the axiom, “Terrorism divides, tourism unites.”
After the Prime Minister was introduced to the gathering by Indian Ambassador S. Jaishankar and delivered a short address, he took time to stand upon the stage for over an hour to personally greet every single attendee in the room.
Among those in attendance were Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj, BJP functionary Ram Madhav, the RSS’ Sadhvi Rithambara, and numerous Congressmen including Tulsi Gabbard, Ami Bera, Jim McDermott, Joe Crowley, Ed Royce and Frank Pallone.
Several captains of industry were present including Indira Nooyi and Mukesh Ambani and Ajay Banga and so too prominent members of the Indian American community such as Vivek Murthy, Visakha Desai, Vikram Singh, Ashley Tellis, Arvind Subranayam, Nisha Desai, Arun Kumar, and Atul Keshap.

Japan resumes search for victims of volcanic eruptionUpdated: September 29, 2014 10:05 IST
Japan resumes search for victims of volcanic eruption
Reuters
REUTERS Volcanic smoke rises from Mount Ontake, which straddles Nagano and Gifu prefectures, central Japan.
TOPICS
volcanic eruption
More than 500 rescuers in Japan resumed searching on Monday for victims of a volcano that erupted without warning at the weekend, leaving four confirmed dead and 27 presumed to have perished in a sudden rain of ash and stone.
Searchers headed for the summit of Mount Ontake, turned into an eerie moonscape by a thick layer of grey ash, where most of the victims of Japan's first fatal volcanic eruption since 1991 are believed to have fallen near craters spewing steam and ash.
"There's been absolutely no contact at all," one man waiting for news of a family member told NHK national television. "We're utterly exhausted."
Four men were pronounced dead late on Sunday, a day after the 3,067-metre (10,062-feet) volcano, a popular hiking spot crowded with climbers admiring the fall foliage, erupted in a massive cloud of ash and smoke. Forty people were injured.
The other 27 believed dead were described as having suffered cardiopulmonary arrest, a procedural formality followed in Japan in the absence of a medical examination to confirm death.
Rescue efforts were abandoned on Sunday after the smell of sulphur strengthened at the peak, fanning fears of toxic fumes.
Modi expresses grief
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday expressed “sadness” over volcanic eruptions in Japan and said his prayers are with the affected people.
“News of a volcanic eruption at Mount Ontake in Japan is quite saddening. My prayers with the affected,” Mr. Modi said.
Japan to reconsider surveillance system
Japan is one of the world's most seismically active nations, but had suffered no fatalities in volcanic eruptions since 1991, when 43 people died in a pyroclastic flow, a superheated current of gas and rock, at Mount Unzen in the southwest.
Ontake, Japan's second-highest active volcano, 200 km (125 miles) west of Tokyo, last had a minor eruption seven years ago. Its last major eruption, the first on record, was in 1979.
Hikers said there was no warning of Saturday's eruption just before noon on a clear day on a peak crowded with visitors, including children. Hundreds were trapped for hours before descent became possible later in the day.
It was natural that Japan's Meteorological Agency, which monitors volcanic activity, might reconsider its surveillance system, said Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.
"However, I believe that, given current levels of knowledge, they made the only judgment they could," he told a news conference.
No impact on nuclear restart
He also said the eruption would have no impact on the restart of the Sendai nuclear plant in southwestern Japan, an area of active volcanic sites. The plant was just cleared to restart in early September.
Experts said it was hard to have predicted the eruption, despite tremors in the area this month, since there were no other changes in the mountain.
Also, the eruption appears to have resulted from a steam-driven explosion of a kind that is especially hard to forecast, said Toshitsugu Fujii, a volcano expert.
"They often occur quite suddenly and there is absolutely no guarantee that the earthquakes earlier this month were connected," he told a news conference on Sunday. "There is no guarantee of total safety when you're dealing with nature."

Our job is to adapt to rules  India is no different: Jeff BezosQ: You are saying there are no regulatory problems ?
 
A: Everywhere we do business, there are unique regulations. Every country has its own unique rules and regulations. Seen from the outside, they always seem unusual and different. Our job is to adapt ourselves to whatever rules and regulations local countries have. India is no different. The specific regulations are different in every country, but it is totally normal that there are such regulations. It is our job to adapt ourselves to regulations. If the FDI rules (in India) change may be we will be doing many more things for small manufacturers. The countries decide that the rules are and we adapt ourselves to these rules. Ultimately the Indian government is going to decide what the rules are.
 
Q: Isn’t the ban on FDI in e-commerce constricting Amazon’s expansion in India? Are you going to be meeting government officials on this matter?
 
A: So far the results would say that they are just fine. I would always welcome the opportunity to meet with him (Prime Minister Narendra Modi), but he is not here. You could say the PM in the US while I am here. We are preserving some balance in the world by switching places (laughs)  I don’t personally get involved in these matters. We have teams, people who meet with regulators and discuss these things and share their opinions. We do that all over the world.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Orion Mall. (Source: Kashif Masood) 
Q: So you don’t see obstacles to growth in India? And were you not late in entering the Indian market?
 
A:  I look at the results that this (India) team is achieving and I don’t see any obstacles. I would think this is not my place to say one model is better than the other. Judging by the results we have achieved, it seems like we have entered exactly at the right time because it is working really well.
 
Q: Would you look at acquisitions in India? Can they be for size or scale?
 
A:  Mostly our growth is organic. That’s true not just in India, but everywhere. We have a very organic-focused growth strategy. We do acquisitions from time to time. We do buy because there is something unique (in the companies) If there were opportunities in India, we will certainly look at those. Almost every company that we have acquired were led by missionaries—people who have the same kind of customer-centric approach. But the baseline growth is going to be driven organically.
 
Q: What do you think of your competition (like Flipkart, Alibaba)?
 
A:  I have a strongly held belief that one of the reasons that Amazon has been successful is because we do not obsess over competitors. Instead we obsess over customers. We just stick to that and that’s a big part of the culture at Amazon. We have been doing it for 19 years and it has worked.
 
Q: Would you like to say anything on Narendra Modi?
 
A:  What I can tell you is he (Modi) has, as far as I can assess, a very positive international reputation. People all over the world see him as a constructive and practical. I think people think India has a good leader. But I am not contrasting the current Prime Minister with any former Prime Minister of India.
 
Q: How do you see your $2 billion investment in India?
A: It is a big amount. We wouldn’t invest such a big amount it the model wasn’t working. There is also lot to invest in.We have a lot of ideas and a lot of opportunities in infrastructure, mobile, customer acquisition and category expansion. There are just tonnes of opportunities.
 
Q: You have a deep interest in space and a project, Blue Origin. How is it going?
 
A:  You are first people to ask me this question. I am a big fan of space research. I have followed with great interest (India’s) Mars Orbiter mission. India’s accomplishment in the Mars orbiter mission is just incredible. There should be a lot of national pride in that. If you follow space you would know how hard that is.
Our vision of Blue Origin is that one day there will be millions of people working and living in space. For that to happen we need to make space travel much less expensive and much safer. Those are the two primary objectives of Blue Origin.
 
Q: You seem to be turning producer, with a do-it-yourself Hollywood (in financing shows) and a successful online show in Transparent?
 
A: Amazon Studio is completely populated with professional content producers. These are experienced people who know what they are doing. We also like to do things differently. We have invented this novel pilot process where we create series of pilots and release them at the same time and let customers vote and give their views on which pilot should be made into a full series. It is like the whole world is your focus group. Then we use this data with human judgement. Once we fund something, we step back. That has been working extremely well.  `Transparent’ has got remarkable critical reviews.
 
Q: And how does that tie up with your personal purchase of Washington Post?
 
A: I am a missionary in doing things in new and inventive ways. I love Amazon Web Services (cloud computing service) because that team is completely reinventing how competition is done. My favourite day is when I sit in a series of meetings discussing new ideas of what we are going to do in the future. I am super optimistic about it (Washington Post). The Internet can be used to energise what is already a terrific news gathering operation. This could be done across the world. I am super excited about that and for me it is another opportunity.
 
Q: Where do you see movie making or news media, five years from now?
 
A: This is an extremely good question. You can only answer that question if you identify the most important fundamental thing about the endeavour in question. So, about  Amazon, ten years from now no customer is going to say `I love Amazon, I wish it delivered more slowly’. Fast delivery is a fundamental desire of customers. You have to find things that are stable in time. About news organisations, nobody is ever going to say ten years from now I wish the “Washington Post” was a little more boring. So, the number one rule is you have to be interesting.  The fundamental thing that is not going to change about Amazon Studios is that at the end of the day it is about  storytelling and how do we tell better stories.
 
Q: Which reminds us, Deutsche Post has beaten you in using drones for delivery of goods.
 
A: I am super excited about drones. The hardest part of that is going to be the regulatory part, getting permission to use the drones. We are going to be working with regulators all over the world to make sure that we end up with rules that keep people safe.

Nifty Struggles Around 7950  Midcaps OutperformYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Struggle; Midcaps Outperform
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 10:20 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today as investors remained cautious ahead of RBI policy review tomorrow. Weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment.
Market analyst Sanjeev Bhasin said Indian stock markets are likely to consolidate ahead of the Reserve Bank policy announcement on Tuesday.
The Sensex was up 16 points to 26,642 while Nifty was almost unchanged at 7,967. However, broader markets saw some buying action after a steep fall in the previous week. The BSE midcap and smallcap indices were up 0.75 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Among Nifty gainers, Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Cipla and Lupin were up between 1-3 per cent.
Some profit-taking was seen in banking and metal stocks which rose sharply on Friday.
JSPL, Kotak Mahindra Bank, PNB and Hindalco were down between 1 per cent and 1.8 per cent.
Elsewhere, in other Asian markets, Hong Kong shares dropped 2.3 per cent to three-month lows in the worst unrest since China took back control of the former British colony two decades ago.
The US dollar hit a four-year peak against a basket of currencies, bolstering Japanese shares, but other Asian shares shrugged off Friday's Wall Street rebound in the face of political unrest in Hong Kong.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropped 0.7 per cent, hitting its lowest level since mid-May. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 10:20 (IST)

Asian Shares Mixed  Hong Kong Tumbles After ProtestsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Mixed, Hong Kong Tumbles After Protests
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 29, 2014 08:25 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Hong Kong: Asian markets were mixed Monday with Hong Kong tumbling more than two per cent after a weekend of unrest as pro-democracy demonstrations led to the closure of parts of the southern Chinese city.
The stand-off, the worst since the handover in 1997, saw police fire tear gas into crowds of thousands of protestors on Sunday and has led to the closure of several businesses, bank branches and schools.
Protest leaders have vowed to not back down until Beijing gives in to their demands for full universal suffrage.
In early trade Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index slumped 2.31 per cent, with the city's banking giants taking a heavy hit. HSBC was down 0.96 per cent, Hang Seng Bank was 1.50 per cent lower and Standard Chartered lost 1.40 per cent.
The HSI was already on a downtrend owing to concerns about the Chinese economy following a string of weak indicators recently. It has lost 6.5 per cent since hitting its 2014 high at the start of the month.
Elsewhere, Sydney slipped 0.30 per cent, but Shanghai climbed 0.54 per cent, while Tokyo added 0.61 per cent and Seoul was 0.15 per cent higher.
Japanese shares ticked up as the dollar pushed up against the yen, heading towards the 110 yen mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
Gross domestic product grew 4.6 per cent, the Commerce Department said, better than the previous 4.2 per cent estimate.
The figure shows a strong rebound from the first quarter's 2.1 per cent contraction, which was blamed in part on unusually severe winter weather that hit the country.
The news sent the dollar higher in New York, hitting 109.28 in late trade Friday. On Monday the greenback bought 109.42 yen.
It also rose against the euro. In Tokyo Monday the single currency was at $1.2678 compared with $1.2683.
The euro was also at 138.74 yen, from 138.60 yen.
Wall Street provided a strong lead for Asia, with the Dow rising 0.99 per cent, the S&P 500 adding 0.86 per cent and the Nasdaq rallying 1.02 per cent.
On oil markets US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery eased 53 cents to $93.01 while Brent crude for November fell 27 cents to $96.73.
Gold was at $1,218.74 an ounce against $1,223.10 late Friday.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 08:23 (IST)

Top 5 Blue-chip Firms Lose Over Rs. 45 887 Cr in Market CapThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Amid weakening stocks, the combined market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS's value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC's value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex fell by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 11:37 (IST)

Foreign Investors Pump in Over Rs 20 000 Crore in SeptemberYou are here: Home Market
Foreign Investors Pump in Over Rs 20,000 Crore in September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 28, 2014 14:14 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Overseas investors have poured in a whopping over Rs 20,000 crore in the Indian capital markets since the beginning of this month as influenced by the reform agenda of the new government.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 5,117 crore ($848 million) from September 1 to 26, while they infused a net amount of Rs 15,308 crore ($2.5 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 20,425 crore ($3.4 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government, including opening up the retail sector to foreign players, deregulation of diesel prices and a gas pricing formula and speedy auctions for de-allocated coal mines among others.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of over Rs 2 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of over Rs 83,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.2 lakh crore into debt market.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.92 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:12 (IST)

Bull s Eye: Buy GMR Infra  Escorts  NOCIL  GSFC07:00 am
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Sharmila Joshi, Shahina Mukadam  and Krish Subramanyam are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Below their top stock picks and analysis:
Sharmila Joshi of Market Expert
Buy  City Union Bank with a target of Rs 86 and stoploss at Rs 81.50
Buy  Ashok Leyland with a target of Rs 42 and stoploss at Rs 29.30
Buy  GMR Infrastructure with a target of Rs 20.50 and stoploss at Rs 19.20
Buy  Jain Irrigation Systems with a target of Rs 86 and stoploss at Rs 82.50
Disclosure: She doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Shahina Mukadam of Varun Capital
Buy  Essel Propack with a target of Rs 121 and stoploss at Rs 111
Buy  Escorts with a target of Rs 150 and stoploss at Rs 138
Buy  Rolta India with a target of Rs 116 and stoploss at Rs 109
Buy  Petronet LNG with a target of Rs 179 and stoploss at Rs 192
Disclosure: She doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Krish Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Inv Intermediattes
Buy  Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals with a target of Rs 112 and stoploss at Rs 101.50
Buy  NOCIL with a target of Rs 45 and stoploss at Rs 40.50
Buy  Capital First with a target of Rs 328 and stoploss at Rs 305
Buy  Sundram Fasteners with a target of Rs 155 and stoploss at Rs 143
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
RELATED NEWS

10-year yield seen between 8.40-8.46% range: Ajay MangluniaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
10-year yield seen between 8.40-8.46% range: Ajay Manglunia
The buying momentum might be curbed today with Tuesday's RBI policy in view, says Ajay Manglunia, Edelweiss.
Post your opinion here
 
Ajay Manglunia, Edelweiss said, "The S&P outlook upgrade coupled with the slightly lower H2 borrowing number will strengthen bond market sentiment. However, the buying momentum might be curbed today with Tuesday's RBI policy in view. The 10-Year benchmark is likely to trade in a range of 8.40-8.46 percent today."
RELATED NEWS

PM Modi to US President Obama in his final leg of US tourIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

PM Modi redefined India at Madison Square Garden  says BJPIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Govt to revive 5 PSUs  plans VRS for staff of 6 othersGovt to revive five PSUs, plans VRS for staff of six others
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 00:00 IST
(Photo for representation only. Source: AP)
The government has begun the process of reviving five sick public sector undertakings (PSUs) while for employees of six PSUs beyond redemption it is working on a voluntary retirement scheme of Rs 1,000 crore.
"Out of 11 sick PSUs, process for reviving 5 has started and these shall be revived. However, the remaining six units, which cannot be revived, we have decided on making a one-time settlement proposal of VRS for the employees of these units," Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Minister Anant Geete told a press conference on Thursday.
"The state-run units which have been identified by the government for revival include HMT Machine Tools, Heavy Engineering Corporation, NEPA Ltd, Nagaland Paper and Pulp Company and Triveni Structurals," he added.
"Since the last several years, we have been paying salaries to all the employees of sick PSUs. We have spent Rs 3,000 crore on that. Instead of spending more thousand crores on that, it will be better that we spend once and for all. We are making a proposal for one-time settlement costing around Rs 1,000 crore for employees of 6 PSUs not capable of revival," Geete added.
"The six companies which cannot be revived are Hindustan Photo Films Ltd, HMT Bearings, HMT Watches, HMT Chinar Watches Ltd, Tungabhadra Steel Products and Hindustan Cables, which have a combined employee strength of 3,603," the minister said.

Tata Steel wins Asian CSR Leadership AwardTata Steel wins Asian CSR Leadership Award
PTI  Bhubaneswar, September 26, 2014
First Published: 16:41 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:43 IST(26/9/2014)
Sukinda Chromite Mine of the Tata Steel in Odisha has bagged the Asian Corporate Social Responsibility Leadership Award for Community Development.
 
The award was presented by World CSR Congress at Dubai on Wednesday, a Tata Steel release said.
 
Sumit Ghoshal, regional commercial manager, Tata Steel, Middle East, while receiving the award on behalf of the company spoke about how the company's founder's vision for community development has been ingrained in all the employees and is being practised company wide, it said.
 
Voluntarily, several officers of Sukinda Chromite Mine have been sponsoring orphan tribal girls of nearby schools of Sukinda. Due to 'Improvement Activities' done by employees in the work place, when they receive prize money, even that they donate to the needy school kids for buying books and school uniform, it added.

Vedanta s Anil Agarwal pledges 75% of his $3.3bn wealth to charityVedanta's Anil Agarwal pledges 75% of his $3.3bn wealth to charity
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, September 26, 2014
First Published: 17:03 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:36 IST(27/9/2014)
Comments
With a net worth of $3.3 billion, prominent industrialist Anil Agarwal has pledged 75% of his and his family’s wealth to charity, with a new liberal arts and humanities-focussed university in India among his priorities.
Vedanta's Anil Agarwal has said he and his family have agreed to give 75% of their wealth to charity. (Photo: Livemint)
Agarwal, chairman of Vedanta Resources, made the announcement on Thursday evening at a event at the London Stock Exchange to mark a decade of his company’s premium listing. It was the first Indian company in 2003 to gain such a listing, which qualified it to enter the FTSE 250.
Agarwal told HT: “It is important to give back what we earn for the greater good of the society, community programmes that work towards eradication of poverty, child welfare & women empowerment will be our focus for communities at large in our country.
 
He added: “I am keen to invest and create a world class, not for profit university in India that can bring in best in class education in liberal arts and humanities. My family supports my decision that 75% of our wealth which we gain as economic benefit, should be returned to society.”
Company sources said the plans for charity were work in progress, and more details would be announced in the near future. Agarwal joins several leaders of Indian industry who have pledged considerable sums of money for charitable activities.
In 2013, Azim Premji, chairman of Bangalore-based software exporter Wipro Ltd, became the first Indian to join the Giving Pledge programme, which seeks to encourage the world’s wealthiest people to give away half their wealth to charity.
The programme was founded by Microsoft founder and the world's richest man Bill Gates, who is worth $76 billion, and Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren Buffett, the world’s 3rd-richest person with personal wealth of $67.3 billion, according to Forbes. Agarwal said Gates and his wife, Melinda, discussed their philanthropic causes with him in Seattle last summer. “After that, I had a meeting with my family and we decided to donate 75% of our wealth,” he said.

S&P outlook upgrade positive; more good news in offing: FinMinComments
Enthused by an outlook upgrade by S&P to India's sovereign rating, the government said this 'good news' has come in the backdrop of significant improvements in macro-economic scenario of the country.
Addressing an India Investor Roundtable here hours before Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit, finance ministry joint secretary Manoj Joshi said that he has been told by many foreign funds investing in India that they have a very positive outlook on the country.
"The latest good news of S&P upgrading outlook to stable on our rating will further boost the sentiments and this has happened particularly because of improvements in our macro economic conditions," he said.
Joshi said that Indian economy has begun to see some green shoots and there have been many positive changes in the last four months, while steps are continuing to tackle concerns like inflation, subsidy burden and to increase government spending on infrastructure after lowering other expenditure.
BSE CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan said that "the outlook upgrade by S&P, as also the developments like a 27% rise in our benchmark index Sensex are a strong vote of confidence in the new government."
"Things are looking up in India," he said, while adding that investors from here can earn huge returns by investing in the country while efforts were underway and the government has committed itself to make it also easier to do business there.
On what more needs to be done, Chauhan said that labour laws need to be reformed, faster project clearances, among others. He said the efforts have already begun on these fronts.

CCI orders fresh probe against Jaiprakash AssociatesCCI orders fresh probe against Jaiprakash Associates
PTI   New Delhi, September 26, 2014
First Published: 17:28 IST(26/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:29 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
Competition Commission has ordered a fresh probe against Jaiprakash Associates for alleged unfair business practices in imposing unreasonable conditions on buyers at one of its realty projects.
The latest investigation has been ordered by the fair trade watchdog on a complaint filed by a buyer at the company's 'Kensington Park at Jaypee Greens' residential project in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
The complaint alleged that the firm was imposing certain anti-competitive clauses in its agreements for buyers.
The Commission noted that the allegations made in the complaint were similar to certain other cases against Jaiprakash Associates wherein the regulator has already ordered a probe by its Director General (DG). CCI is presently probing Jaiprakash Associates in at least four other matters related to unfair trade practices in the real estate market.
After looking into the latest complaint, Competition Commission of India (CCI) formed "a prima facie opinion" that the company is in the dominant position in the residential market in Noida and Greater Noida and had violated fair trade norms. "The Commission is of the prima facie opinion that there appears to be a case of contravention of...the (Competition) Act in the matter," CCI said in the order dated September 24. Accordingly, CCI has asked DG to investigate the matter.
The Commission has found that some of the clauses of the agreement "prima facie, appear to be unfair, one sided and loaded in favour of opposite party (Jaiprakash Associates)".
Along with Jaiprakash Associates, CCI has also ordered probe into "the role of the officials/persons who at the time of such contravention were in-charge of and responsible for the conduct of the business of the company". While noting that there were other real estate players in the market in Noida region, the fair trade regulator said that "the land bank available with Jaypee Group is much higher than that available with any other developer.

Jayalalithaa unseated at her peakUpdated: October 5, 2014 01:14 IST
Jayalalithaa unseated at her peak
B. Kolappan
Tweet
The Hindu (Top) Tamil Nadu Chief Minister arrives at the Special Court in Bangalore on Saturday; (left) AIADMK cadres burn the effigy of DMK president M. Karunanidhi after the verdict in Chennai; police stop AIADMK activists during a protest in Madurai. Photo: K. Murali Kumar, K.V. Srinivasan and James.
TOPICS
politics
Special Court in Bangalore deals a big blow to the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, but analysts refuse to write her off
Every time her political rivals have written her off, Tamil Nadu's three time Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has made a comeback.
And so while AIADMK’s political rivals believe that Saturday’s verdict against Ms Jayalalithaa would be a permanent setback and weaken her hold over the party, political analysts refuse to endorse this assessment.
Veteran journalist and political analyst Cho Ramaswamy said though the judgment was a blow to her now, there was a lot of sympathy for Ms Jayalalithaa among the people. “The considered opinion of the legal experts is that legal avenues are available to her and she may come out unscathed in the future,” said Mr Ramaswamy, a long-time friend.
Mr Ramaswamy went on to say that Ms. Jayalalithaa’s political absence at this juncture would be a setback not to her but to the State, considering the political happenings in Tamil Nadu during the last regime of the DMK.
Professor A.R. Venkatachalapathy of the Madras Institute of Development Stutdies (MIDS) said Ms Jayalalithaa’s future would depend on how things would unfurl in the coming days, particularly how her appeal in the higher courts is decided.
“She may remote control the party and administration for a short period of one or two months. It may not be possible for her to remote control an election in a State,” Mr Venkatachalapathy said.
The historian also felt that the BJP could make use of the present crisis to make inroads in Tamil Nadu politics, considering their performance in the recent Lok Sabha polls and the DMK’s failure to win any credibility.
Agreeing with Mr Venkatachalapathy’s argument, sociologist P. Manikandan said it is not just the BJP, but all political parties would seek to capitalise on the situation and try to turn it to their favour.
He, however, reasoned that the strength of the AIADMK as a political organization would continue to pose a tough challenge to rivals in the State. “Both regional and national parties have been waiting for this day. It may ultimately lead to a situation already existing in Maharashtra where both the regional and national parties are playing an equally important role,” he added.

Wall St names prepare for AIG trialBig names on Wall St prepare for AIG trial
By Henny Sender in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50ad6a98-4718-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Universal in deal for ads in music videosUniversal Music Group in ad deal for music videos with MirriAd
By Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a4025fc-4596-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AI won t give profit-linked incentive to emp...Air India
(PLI has been part of Air India…)
NEW DELHI: Seven years after the merger with Indian Airlines, Air India has initiated rationalisation of its employees' salaries with about 3,500 executive cadre employees, who will not get any Performance-linked Incentive (PLI) from October.
PLI has been part of Air India staffers' salaries, which were given to them to bring their salaries at par with remuneration of the aviation sector. A decision to scrap the PLI component was, however, taken after the airline kept incurring huge losses and has now accumulated losses of over Rs 25,000 crore.
"Any PSU salary has a profitlinked incentive and people in Air India can also get it once the airline starts earning profits. Since the airline is losing money, there's no possibility of profit-linked incentive now," said a senior Air India official, who added that notification for the new pay structure has been issued.
The new pay structure is on the basis of government guidelines for salaries in any public-sector undertaking. Earlier, the salaries of Air India employees used to include a PLI component that constituted as high as 50% of the total salary component.
Airline sources explained that take-home salary of employees would decline by 5-10% compared with the salary levels before January 1, 2012, but the gross salary would increase due to rise in settlement entitlements.
Air India had announced a 25% cut in salaries of its employees till the full implementation of the Dharmadhikari Committee's recommendations -- on the integration of the staff of Air India and Indian Airlines after their merger -- is implemented. "Benefits such as provident fund, gratuity are linked to the basic salary.
They are now set to go up as basic salary has been revised by 2.5 times in the revised pay structure. Hence, the employees will not see any loss in their salaries," said the official quoted above.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Drugs groups trapped in tangled M&A webDrugs groups trapped in tangled M&A web
By David Crow in New York and Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cac910de-4556-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU to accuse Apple of taking illicit Irish s...READ MORE ON » Ireland | Apple
Apple did not immediately respond to comment, but both Ireland and Apple have denied the company was given a special deal. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: The European Union is to accuse US tech giant Apple of taking illegal aid from the Irish state through sweetheart tax deals over two decades.
A European Commission investigation into Apple's tax affairs in Ireland, where it has a rate of less than 2 per cent, has found that the company benefitted from illegal state aid, the Financial Times reported today reported citing sources close to the matter.
Ireland is favoured as a European base by several major companies including Amazon, Facebook, PayPal and Twitter.
Apple's European headquarters is in the southwest Irish city of Cork, where it employs 4,000 people.
The country has a competitive corporate tax rate of 12.5 per cent, which has been criticised by some other member states of the EU as unfair, but which Dublin has repeatedly defended.
But a 2013 investigation by the US Senate found that the maker of iPhones and iPads paid a lower rate by channelling overseas sales through subsidiaries in a deal negotiated with the Irish government.
Apple did not immediately respond to comment, but both Ireland and Apple have denied the company was given a special deal.

Express 5: PM Modi woos NRIs at MSG; Yogeshwar Dutt winsgoldWe recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 9:04 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:09 am
1. Modi in New York
Addressing the cheering crowd of about 20,000 Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) at the packed Madison Square Garden here on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the easing of travel and visa norms, including lifetime visas for Persons of Indian Origin (PIOs).
 
2. Yogeshwar Dutt wins gold at Asian Games 2014
On Sunday, Yogeshwar Dutt defeated Tajikistan’s Zalimkhan Yusupov in a thrilling final to finish on top of the podium in the 65 kg weight category in Incheon.
READ: India’s 28-year wait ends as Yogeshwar wins wrestling gold 
3. Panneerselvam to be sworn-in as new CM of TN
An AIADMK legislature party meeting on Sunday unanimously elected O Panneerselvam as the new Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. Panneerselvam, who met Governor K Rosaiah in the evening, is set to be sworn in on Monday at 11 am.

Financial Technologies signs new contract with MCXYou are here: Home > Collections > Mcx
Financial Technologies signs new technology contract with MCX
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 09.17PM IST
Tags:
Financial Technologies
(Sources had said that MCX…)
NEW DELHI: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
Earlier this week, the board of directors of both FTIL and MCX had approved the new agreement to be signed between them.
In a filing to the BSE, FTIL said,"..FTIL and MCX have executed a master amendment to principal agreements (supplementary agreement) for providing software support and managed services on mutually agreed terms and conditions until the year 2022".
The Jignesh Shah-led company also said, "Due to this supplementary agreement and based on the current volume of MCX and assuming MCX daily volume remain same, the negative impact on the total income of the company would be around Rs 8.82 crore for the period of 2014-15."
As per the new agreement, MCX will pay FTIL a fixed charge of Rs 1.5 crore per month including managed services payable in advance on semiannual basis.
FTIL will also get a variable charge of 10.3 per cent of gross transaction fees.
Sources had said that MCX has renegotiated the agreement with FTIL as the earlier contract was proving to be expensive.
In 2013-14 fiscal, MCX paid about Rs 60 crore to FTIL for giving technological support and services to the exchange.
The signing of the new agreement will pave the way for MCX to launch new contracts for January to March period of 2015.
On September 17, the commodity markets regulator FMC had said the exchange can launch new contracts for three months January, February and March of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
FTIL had said that by entering into the new agreement with MCX, it has completed all the formalities to complete its sale of 15 per cent stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd .
FMC had said that MCX will be allowed to roll out contracts for all 12 months of 2015 once the full divestment of FTIL in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Survivors tell of horror as Japan volcano search resumesFive more lifeless bodies found during Japan volcano search
AFP
Otaki, Japan, September 29, 2014
First Published: 09:19 IST(29/9/2014)
print
The lifeless bodies of five more people have been discovered on the Japanese volcano that erupted at the weekend, officials said, taking to 36 the feared death toll.
"We have newly found five more people in cardiac arrest on the mountain," a Nagano prefectural police spokesman told AFP.
Japanese rescuers Monday resumed a grim operation to recover more bodies after 31 people were believed killed in a volcanic eruption, as survivors told of seeing hikers die when tonnes of ash and rocks thundered from the sky.
More than 1,100 firefighters, police and troops returned to Mount Ontake in a bid to reach those they had to abandon on Sunday when soaring levels of poisonous gas made the operation too dangerous.
Volcanic smoke rises from Mount Ontake, which straddles Nagano and Gifu prefectures, central Japan. (Reuters)
Smoke was still rising from the peak Monday, but helicopters had begun a search of the volcano, a popular destination for walkers during autumn. Aerial footage showed rescue workers climbing slopes blanketed with thick, grey ash.
At least 31 people were found near the summit of 3,067-metre (10,121-foot) volcano, which erupted Saturday without warning, spewing ash, rocks and steam. Emergency workers who reached them said they were not breathing and had no pulse.
Four of them were brought down and later confirmed dead by doctors. They were all men, aged 23-61. Heartbreaking stories have begun to emerge from survivors who made it down the mountain as rolling clouds of volcanic debris swept down its flanks, smothering everything in their path.
"Some people were buried in ash up to their knees and the two in front of me seemed to be dead," a woman hiker told the private Asahi network. Another told how she had heard the last moments of a victim battered by a cascade of rocks.
Read: At least 31 feared dead after Japan volcano spews ash and rock
"There was someone lying outside the hut after being hit in the back," she said. "He was saying 'It hurts, it hurts,' but after about half an hour he went quiet." Seiichi Sakurai, who had been working at one of the huts around the top of the volcano, told public broadcaster NHK that he had tried his best to help people but could not save them all.
"Ash was constantly falling... Some people were buried alive but I could do nothing but tell (rescuers) about them over the radio," he said.
Another survivor told the Yomiuri newspaper that he had seen a boy shouting "It's hot" and "I can't breathe!" near the peak, before the ash clouds turned everything black and silent.
'It's over. I'm dying now'
Rescue workers were trying to bring down at least 27 people still on the volcano who were believed killed, with six airlifted late morning, according to NHK.
They were technically listed as in "cardiac arrest" -- a term applied before doctors can certify death. About 40 people were hurt by flying rocks and inhaling poisonous fumes.
For anguished families, the wait for news was taking its toll. A tearful father sobbed as he clutched a photograph of his son and the young man's girlfriend, who had not been heard from since the eruption.
Climbers descend Mount Ontake in central Japan Sunday morning. (AP Photo)
An elderly woman told the Asahi network that her son had telephoned her just after gas, rocks and ash began spewing from the volcano. "He told me it erupted... He said 'It's over. I'm dying now' and then the line was cut off," the woman said.
The meteorological agency forecast further eruptions, warning that volcanic debris may settle within four kilometres (2.5 miles) of the peak. Japan's meteorological agency keeps a round-the-clock watch on 47 volcanos thought to be at risk of violent activity over the next century, including Mount Fuji, whose eruption could have a catastrophic effect on the country's economy.
But Toshitsugu Fujii, a vulcanologist at the agency, admitted accurate forecasting was very difficult. Steam explosions such as those on Ontake often occur without warning, he said.
"People may say we failed to predict this (because there were earthquakes in September) but this is something that could not be helped, in a sense. That's the reality of the limit of our knowledge," he said Sunday.

Obama admits US underestimated IS; intensifies air strikesObama admits US underestimated IS jihadists
AFP
print
President Barack Obama admitted Sunday that the United States underestimated the threat posed by Islamic State fighters in Syria, as US-led coalition warplanes pounded the oil sites that fund the jihadist group.
Late Sunday coalition planes hit the entrance to the country's main gas plant, in an apparent warning to Islamic State militants to abandon the premises under their control, a monitor said.
"The international coalition has for the first time struck the entrance and prayer area of the Coneco gas plant. It is under IS control, and is the largest in Syria," said Syrian Observatory for Human Rights director Rami Abdel Rahman.
Up until Sunday, the strikes had targeted mainly jihadist bases and makeshift oil refineries used by the militants, in a bid to weaken one of their main sources of financing.
Speaking to CBS News, Obama said that former Al-Qaeda fighters driven from Iraq by US and local forces had been able to gather in Syria to form the newly dangerous Islamic State group.
"I think our head of the intelligence community, Jim Clapper, has acknowledged that they underestimated what had been taking place in Syria," Obama said, referring to his director of national intelligence.
Asked whether Washington had also overestimated the ability or will of Iraq's US-trained military to fight the jihadists on its own, Obama said: "That's true. That's absolutely true."
US-led coalition planes pounded oil sites in Syria Sunday that fund the IS group, as Syria's Al-Qaeda branch warned that people in Europe and America would pay the price.
The United States, along with coalition partners Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, targeted four modular refineries and an IS command and control post, all north of Raqa in Syria, US Central Command said.
"Initial indications are that they (the strikes) were successful," it said.
In his first speech since air raids were launched on Syria, the head of the Al-Qaeda affiliate there, Al-Nusra Front, warned of reprisals.
"Your leaders will not pay the price for the war alone, you will pay the higher price," Abu Mohammad al-Jolani said in an Internet audio message, addressing "people of America and Europe".
Failure to stop these air strikes "will transfer the battle to your very homes", he said.
Washington has said it would press on with "near continuous" strikes, and the latest raids were part of intensifying efforts to disrupt the group's lucrative oil-pumping and smuggling operations.
The jihadists control a swathe of territory straddling northwestern Iraq and eastern Syria, home to most of Syria's main oilfields, and their oil infrastructure is the main target of the air strikes.
Experts say the jihadists were earning as much as $3 million (2.4 million euros) daily from oil before the coalition began launching strikes on Syria, building on the air war under way against IS in Iraq since August 8.
Sunday's strikes hit close to the Turkish frontier, near Tal Abyad, said the Syrian rights observatory, destroying "at least three makeshift refineries under IS control".
Coalition warplanes also hit the jihadist heartland province of Raqa early Sunday and the raids destroyed a plastics factory outside Raqa city, killing one civilian, the Britain-based Observatory said.
The Pentagon said US-led air strikes in Iraq near insurgent-held Fallujah on Sunday destroyed two IS checkpoints.
   
British fighter jets ready
In western Iraq, pro-government forces backed by warplanes repelled an IS attack on the strategic town of Amriyat al-Fallujah, security sources said.
"Warplanes eventually engaged the insurgents and killed 15 of them," local police chief Aref al-Janabi said, without identifying the aircraft.
The town "has strategic importance. It is a main logistics road for the army and it is the link between Anbar and Karbala", a Shiite holy city south of Baghdad, Janabi said.
Several European governments have approved plans to join the air campaign in Iraq, including most recently Britain, and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday Ankara "cannot stay" out of the fight.
British warplanes flew their first combat mission over Iraq on Saturday but returned to base in Cyprus with their bombs after no targets were identified.
European governments have resisted joining the air campaign in Syria for fear of becoming embroiled in that country's more than three-year-old civil war, forcing Washington to rely on Arab allies.
   
Al-Nusra threat
At least 57 Al-Nusra fighters have been killed in the air campaign, the Observatory said.
Washington has made a distinction between the wider Al-Nusra Front and a cell of foreign fighters dubbed the Khorasan Group that it says was plotting attacks against the United States.
Muhsin al-Fadhli, a long-standing Al-Qaeda operative and alleged Khorasan leader, was reportedly among those killed.
The allies had "committed a horrible act that is going to put them on the list of jihadist targets throughout the world," Al-Nusra spokesman Abu Firas al-Suri warned in an online video message on Saturday.
Meanwhile, Kurdish fighters from northern Iraq have begun training in Germany on handling weaponry supplied by Berlin to support the battle against IS.

Inter-ministerial panel may decide future of coal minesInter-ministerial panel may decide future of coal mines
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 21:27 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government is contemplating constituting an inter-ministerial panel to decide the future course of action with regard to coal block allocations that have been quashed by the Supreme Court.
"The Coal Ministry is considering setting up an inter-ministerial committee (IMC) to decide the future course of action pertaining to blocks which have been deallocated," a source said.
The committee is likely to be headed by Additional Secretary, Coal, and may have representatives from the ministries including power and steel , the source said. However, no further details could be obtained.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming the allocations as "fatally flawed" and allowed the Centre to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are functional.
The SC said the beneficiaries of the illegal process "must suffer" the consequences and refused to show sympathy to private companies, which submitted that Rs 2.87 lakh crores have been invested in 157 coal blocks and Rs 4 lakh crores in end-use plants.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha said that its judgement was intended to correct the wrong done by the Centre over the years and to send a message to the government not to deal with the natural resources as if they belong to a few individuals who can fritter them away at their sweet will.

Gold demand to rise during festive season: WGCGold demand to climb during festive season, says World Gold Council
PTI     Kolkata   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 21:29 IST
Photo: Reuters
The World Gold Council is confident that 2014 would end on a robust note in gold demand in India, contrary to the initial drop in the first half.
"This year's first-half has been a little challenging. The jewellery demand in terms of volume from January to June (first six months of 2014) as compared to the same period last year is lowered by 14 per cent. But this is a short-term trend," World Gold Council Director Jewellery for India Vipin Sharma told PTI in an exclusive interview.
"In the long run, we see that the fundamentals are very strong. Now that the festive season is starting and the wedding season setting in, we are looking at a demand figure in the region of 850 tonnes to 950 tonnes. We see a very solid and robust trend as far as long term demand and that of the year-as-a-whole is concerned. We are quite positive in terms of what to anticipate for the last quarter particularly," Sharma said.
He said that the wedding season constituted one of the biggest segments as 50 per cent of the total gold consumption occurred during that period.
According to Sharma, who is responsible for the strategic development of the World Gold Council's Jewellery division in India, short-term fluctuations were a common trend and depend on the economic reasons as well as on the sentiments of the consumers.
"Short-term fall is not new. It goes with the demand which sometimes shoots up, sometimes goes down. Last year in the April-May period we saw an unprecedented spurt in gold demand because of certain drop in prices. So we continue to see short term trends specific to economic reasons, sometimes to sentiments at consumer-level and how their anticipation how they foresee the prices," Sharma said.
Talking about the Indian gold market's future, the World Gold Council official sounded quite hopeful going by the trend in the last five years.
"India's love for gold is well known and commodities that historically associated with every celebrations in the country. We continue to see a very robust long term trend in India", Sharma said.
"And in the last five years the total demand at an average it has been more than 800 tonnes per year which is large and significant quantity. So long term trends continues to be very healthy and robust," Sharma said.
"Going by the last five years' or 10 years' trend, prices have gone up significantly. Earlier the price was around Rs 5000-6000 per 10 gram and last one year it has been close to Rs 30,000. But the consumption volumes have not dropped," Sharma said.
In the very long term the surveys suggested it to be fairly steady. Consumers' attitude appeared to be a very healthy attribute. So the outlook is very steady long-term growth for the market," he said.
While comparing the country's gold market with that of China's, Sharma described India's as a large, consistent and steady consuming market while that of China's as a growing market attributed to its economic growth.
"Both are two biggest consuming markets in the world. I think put together they count for 55-56 per cent of the overall global demand. And both are large and culturally looking at their Asian affinity towards gold there are some underlying similar factors", he added.
"The trajectory of growth in the last few years has been little different. India has been a large, consistent steady consuming market while China is a growing market which can be attributed to the economic growth , earning levels are concerned but at fundamental-level both as leading, large, substantial even at core attributes," Sharma explained.
Among other initiatives, the Council was looking at the youth as a segment in the global market and has started the LoveGold on the social media (Facebook and Twitter), he said.
"We are looking at the youth as a segment internationally.
We have an initiative called LoveGold on the social media front looking at how gold can connect the youth in a very modern way," Sharma stated.
"Of course we continue to invest and are trying to understand consumers and how the trends are shaping up in India, China, the US and parts of Europe," he signed off.

Mayaram says GDP growth may touch 5.9% this fiscalMayaram says GDP growth may touch 5.9 % this fiscal
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi    Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 16:48 IST
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram.
A confident Arvind Mayaram on Friday said that growth rate this fiscal will be in range of 5.5-5-9 per cent exceeding Standard and Poor's (S&P) estimate of 5.5 per cent. His comments came on the same day when rating agency S&P raised India's outlook to stable from negative after two years while retaining the 'BBB-'rating. S&P said the rating could be raised if the economy reverts to a real per capita GDP trend growth of 5.5 per cent per year.
"We are very confident that this (GDP growth) will not only be 5.5 per cent, it will be higher than 5.5 per cent. ... There is a case for upwards revision of the credit rating. As we have been stating in the past, we believe that the growth this year should be in the region of 5.5-5.9 per cent and therefore there will be a positive review within the course of year," the finance secretary said.
Mayaram added the government is satisfied that S&P has acknowledged the steps that the Centre has taken to improve the economy and especially bring the investment climate back and therefore the growth is cycle back.

Amazon promises relentless pursuit of IndianrivalsJeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon, poses as he stands on a supply truck at the premises of a shopping mall in Bangalore. (Reuters)
Bangalore | Posted: September 29, 2014 9:37 am
Legend has it that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos wanted to initially call his firm Relentless.com. In India on his second visit, Bezos has decided to do exactly that — get relentless. The India arm of the $75-billion global e-commerce behemoth Amazon will look to explore the tremendous business opportunity in India’s 35 million small and medium enterprises and devise India-specific innovations. Amazon, which forayed into the $3.1-billion Indian e-commerce market in June last year, is locked in a game of oneupmanship with homegrown e-tailer Flipkart, having announced an investment of $2 billion in the country.
The cash pile, according to Bezos, will be spent on building performance centres, upgrading logistics services, developing the mobile platform and new tools and techniques to help the small and medium businesses. “There are unique opportunities in India. One of the things that is very unusual about India is the number of small and medium size businesses that you have. We want to make it easy for small and medium businesses to reach out to customers in this digital economy,” Bezos told FE in an interaction on Sunday.
Bezos asserted that certain India-specific inventions, like the Easy Ship services, wherein Amazon picks up the products from a seller and delivers them to the desired pin code, can be adopted into its global strategy. Innovation will continue to remain a key part of the company’s strategy, which has straddled across electronics categories globally, from e-book readers and tablets to phones and drones.
“Invention requires experimentation and experimentation implies failure. If you know it’s going to work, then it’s not an experiment,” said Bezos, whose wealth is estimated at nearly $30 billion.
Amazon’s interest in the small and medium enterprises has been echoed by several homegrown e-tailers. While Snapdeal recently announced that it was inching close to the 100,000-seller mark, Flipkart has been tying up with industry bodies like FISME and NCDPD to penetrate the SME clusters.
Bezos, however, dismissed notions that a significant part of the promised $2-billion investment will go into acquisitions. “Most of our growth will be organic. To be practical, acquisitions may be necessary. But, our basic strategy will the same as has been all over the world, which is to grow organically,” Bezos said.
A little more than one year in India, Amazon ran into regulatory authorities over VAT issues. The company’s fulfilment by Amazon services, wherein it encourages merchants to stock goods in its warehouses even before an ordered is placed, came under scanner. Bezos, however, was unperturbed by such hiccups, which he said was a norm everywhere.
“The details of the situation are always different. Every country has unique rules and regulations and our job is to continued…

Sensex turns choppy  Nifty trades near 7950 levelsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex turns choppy, Nifty trades near 7950 levels
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 09.26AM IST
(The Nifty was at 7950.10,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared its early morning gains and turned choppy on Monday, led by losses in ICICI Bank, L&T, ITC, ONGC and Tata Motors.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped in red and was trading near its crucial psychological level of 7950, weighed down by losses in banks, autos, FMCG and oil & gas stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,557, down 68 points or 0.26 per cent. It touched a high of 26699.74 and a low of 26539.69 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7950.10, down 20 points or 0.24 per cent. It touched a high of 7983.40 and a low of 7937.80 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.41 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.63 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 1.4 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.67 per cent), BHEL (up 0.93 per cent), Tata Steel (up 0.91 per cent) and Reliance Industries (up 0.30 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Coal India (down 0.96 per cent), GAIL (down 0.94 per cent), M&M (down 0.92 per cent), Hindalco (down 0.89 per cent) and Bharti Airtel (down 0.90 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

$2.1 bn IBM x86 server deal to close on Oct ...Lenovo says $2.1 billion IBM x86 server deal to close on October 1
By Reuters | 29 Sep, 2014, 09.48AM IST
x86 server division on Oct 1 for $2.1 billion, giving China's biggest personal computer maker a major asset as it expands its offerings for business clients.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Lenovo Group Ltd will close its acquisition of International Business Machines Corp's
x86 server division on Oct 1 for $2.1 billion, giving China's biggest personal computer maker a major asset as it expands its offerings for business clients.
The closing purchase price is lower than the $2.3 billion valuation announced in January because of a change in the valuation of inventory and deferred revenue liability, Lenovo said.

Britain ready to bomb Iraq but Syria remains a no-go zoneBritain is expected to deploy Tornado fighters, which are in already stationed in Cyprus - within striking distance of northern Iraq.
Agencies | London | Posted: September 27, 2014 12:56 am
British lawmakers have voted to join the US-led coalition of nations launching airstrikes on ISIS militants in Iraq, committing warplanes to the struggle against the extremists.
After a seven-hour debate, MPs voted for military action by 524 votes to 43.
Britain is expected to deploy Tornado fighters, which are in already stationed in Cyprus – within striking distance of northern Iraq. The deployment order may come as soon as Friday night.
Prime Minister David Cameron described the moves as critical to national security, arguing that facing down terrorists has become a matter of urgency.
He made a passionate plea that spelled out the consequences of inaction in drastic terms – noting that the militants had beheaded their victims, gouged out eyes and carried out crucifixions to promote goals from the “Dark Ages”. Cameron had earlier warned the parliament that the mission could last a few years. “This is going to be a mission that will take not just months but years but I believe we have to be prepared for that commitment,” he had said while answering a question on the length and scope of the mission in the House of Commons debate.
The British premier won support from Labour leader Ed Miliband who said inaction would lead to “more killing” in Iraq, large swathes of which are controlled by the ISIS.
But shadow education minister Rushanara Ali, MP for Bethnal Green and Bow, resigned from the party’s front bench in order to abstain in the vote.
Belgium and Denmark too joined the US-led coalition for strikes in Iraq.
Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt said her government would send four operational planes and three reserve jets along with 250 pilots and support staff in the fight against the ISIS in Iraq. Belgium promised to send six F-16 fighter planes to take part in the operation.

Some startups will  vaporizeMarc Andreessen: Spendthrift startups will "vaporize"
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 25, 2014: 11:33 PM ET
Marc Andreessen is worried about high burn rates at Silicon Valley startups.
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Prominent venture capitalist Marc Andreessen has a message for Silicon Valley startups: Get your spending under control now, or fail when the market inevitably turns.
Andreessen has long insisted that Silicon Valley's tech boom is not a bubble, but he is now worried that startups are spending too much cash on flashy offices or excessive numbers of employees.
Andreessen's comments, made on Twitter , make him the latest in a series of investors to warn about high "burn rates" at tech startups. Burn rate measures how quickly a company uses capital.
"When the market turns, and it will turn, we will find out who has been swimming without trunks on: many high burn rate [companies] will VAPORIZE," Andreessen said.
Related: The billionaire Silicon Valley exec with the shiniest toys
Andreessen is not the only worried investor. Bill Gurley, another venture capitalist, told the Wall Street Journal last week that "no one's fearful, everyone's greedy, and it will eventually end." Fred Wilson, a partner at Union Square Ventures, is also sounding the alarm over high burn rates.
 
How to make it in Silicon Valley
Andreessen's 18 tweets on the topic warn that in the event of a downturn, companies will find it much harder to raise cash, merge or be acquired by a larger firm.
When that happens, startups will be forced to adapt quickly, and bloated firms will fail.
"When market turns, M&A mostly stops. Nobody will want to buy your cash-incinerating startup. There will be no Plan B. VAPORIZE," he said.
Andreessen said that while some companies with high burn rates will survive, they will be "few and far between."
Andreessen's conclusion? "Worry," he said.
First Published: September 25, 2014: 11:33 PM ET
Most Popular

Israel PM vows to refute Palestinian  lies  at UNPress Trust of India | Jerusalem | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:08 pm
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu headed to New York on Sunday, vowing to expose “slander and lies” laid out by Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas in his UN speech. In a Friday address to the UN General Assembly, Abbas accused Israel of carrying out a “genocidal crime” in its 50-day war against Gaza militants in which nearly 2,200 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed.
“In my speech to the General Assembly, I will refute the lies that are being told about us and I will tell the truth about our state and the heroic soldiers of the IDF, the most moral army in the world,” Netanyahu said on the tarmac at Ben Gurion airport near Tel Aviv before boarding the plane.
Earlier, an official from Netanyahu’s office called the Palestinian leader’s remarks “an inciteful hate speech full of lies,” with Netanyahu pledging to refute it along with claims laid out in the UN speech of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. “After the Iranian president’s deceptive speech and Abu Mazen’s inciteful speech, I will tell the truth on behalf of Israel’s citizens to the entire world,” he said in a statement late yesterday, using Abbas’s nickname.
“In my UN General Assembly speech and in all of my meetings I will represent the citizens of Israel and will – on their behalf — refute the slander and lies directed at our country,” Netanyahu said. Netanyahu will deliver his speech to the General Assembly tomorrow, then will travel to Washington to meet US President Barack Obama at the White House on Wednesday.

PM Modi unveils the merger of PIO & OCI schemesMadison Square Garden
("I will make the India of…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi pledged to deliver on his promise of transforming India and meeting people's aspirations through effective governance as he addressed a 20,000-strong crowd at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, sending it repeatedly into rapturous cheers.
"I will make the India of your dreams... together we will serve Mother India," he said. He announced several measures that particularly pleased the audience of non-resident Indians.
Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cardholders will get lifelong visa for travel to India while those on long visits to the country will no longer need to make regular visits to police stations. The PIO and Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) schemes will be unified and US nationals will get longterm visas. In a few months, US tourists will also be able to get electronic travel authorisations and visas on arrival.
In possibly a veiled reference to the US denying him a visa after the Gujarat riots of 2002, Modi said he empathised with those of Indian origin who faced problems in getting visas for the country.
PIO cards are issued to Indians who have been staying abroad for a few generations while OCI cards are given to individuals who are more recent migrants and have taken citizenships of other countries.
Humble origins
OCI cards are practically visas that enable holders to enter India for an indefinite period while PIO cardholders have to apply for separate visas. The merger of these two cards could make PIO cardholders also eligible for the benefits that are enjoyed by OCI cardholders.
"India will advance at a rapid pace," Modi said in his hour-long address, adding that it has three things that no other country has, referring to the 3D mantra that he cited at the launch of the 'Make in India' initiative in New Delhi on September 25 — democracy, demographic dividend (65% of the population below 35 years) and demand.
He also invoked divine benediction for the government's plans in a carefully choreographed event that saw queues forming outside Madison Square Garden very early in the day, with some people getting in queue at 6 am, three hours before the gates opened for the noon event. Many were dressed in saffron, some even in miniskirts in BJP's colours.
Modi spoke of his humble origins and his aspirations for the country. "I got here selling tea... I am a very small man, a common man. I am small, so my heart lies in working for the common man," he said. "But I want to do big things for the little people." Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and said the country was ready for a mass movement to make development possible, likening it to the Independence struggle.
India will not only lead the 21st century, it will also supply the world with workers such as nurses and teachers because populations elsewhere would have aged, he said.
He repeatedly referenced the Father of the Nation, saying what was dearest to Gandhi's heart were India's Independence and cleanliness. "Gandhi got us freedom. Isn't it our duty to rid Mother India of the dirt?" he said, calling for this to be achieved by 2019, the Mahatma's 150th birth anniversary. He also spoke about the Clean Ganga drive and the government's programme to build toilets.
  The prime minister also said he has a dream that by 2022, when India is 75, "no family should be homeless". Modi hailed India's scientific prowess — saying its IT engineers had transformed the country's image from that of a nation of snake charmers to one that made the world dance through the power of the mouse.
The prime minister peppered his speech with witticisms while making various points. To get to Mars, a distance of 650 million km, India spent just Rs 7 a km, which meant the budget for placing a satellite successfully in orbit around the red planet was less than that of the average Hollywood movie.
Apart from his government's skill development initiative, Modi also spoke about the importance of his financial inclusion programme — the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. By signing up 4 crore families in two weeks, it's been proven that the government works, he said.
He said the 'Make in India' programme to boost manufacturing could even be accessed through a mobile phone app. Modi also said anyone could connect with him to make suggestions on MyGov.in.
While rivals were boasting about making new rules during the election campaign that brought him to power, Modi said he had embarked on a programme to get rid of outdated laws. He would be happy to scrap one such law a day, he said.
The queue to enter Madison Square Garden wound around the entire arena from 31st to 33rd street from the morning itself, with chants of "Modi, Modi" and "Bharat Mata Ki Jai" from the crowd, leaving New York Police Department officers bemused and saying they'd never seen anything like this before.
Those who couldn't get into Madison Square Garden thronged Times Square, where the event, organised by the United States India Political Action Committee, was shown live.
The buildup to the speech included acclaimed violinist L Subramaniam and wife Kavita Krishnamurthy performing as an artist painted a portrait of Modi live on stage, starting upside down and then flipping it rightside up as he applied the finishing touches. The event was hosted by Miss America 2014 Nina Davuluri and PBS Newshour Weekend anchor Hari Srinivasan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM s US visit: Journey to Mars was cheaper than auto ride: ModiYou are here: Home > Collections
PM's US visit: Journey to Mars was cheaper than auto ride, says Narendra Modi at Madison Square
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 01.16AM IST
(The Prime Minister said…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today used the metaphor of cost of travel by auto in Ahmedabad to the expenditure incurred in the landmark Mars Orbiter Mission which India accomplished in the very first attempt.
"A one-km auto rickshaw ride in Ahmedabad takes Rs 10 and India reached Mars at Rs 10 per km which is really amazing," the Prime Minister said while talking about India's talent pool and potential to become one of the top most countries in the world.
The Prime Minister said a cost of Rs 7 was incurred per kilometre in covering the 650 million km distance to Mars by the unmanned spacecraft.
"Everything about Mangalyaan is indigenous. We reached Mars at a smaller budget than a Hollywood movie," he said adding "India is the only country to reach Mars on its first attempt. If this is not talent, then what is?"
India had on September 24 created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
At just USD 74 million, the mission costed less than the estimated 100 million USD budget of the sci-fi blockbuster "Gravity".
India's MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission, costing a tenth of NASA's Mars mission Maven that entered the Martian orbit on September 22.
With the success of "Mangalyaan", India became the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
Modi had witnessed the operation along with the space scientists in ISRO headquarter in Bangalore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gadchiroli cops anticipate Naxal attacks  ready with combat planGadchiroli cops anticipate Naxal attacks, ready with combat plan
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur |       September 29, 2014 1:34 pm
Comments
The Maharashtra Police have prepared their combat plan anticipating major Naxal activity during the run-up to the Assembly elections as well as on the polling day and after, till the polling parties are safely evacuated to the district headquarters.
Despite heavy setbacks in the recent past, the police said, the Naxals were expected to make every possible attempt to disrupt polling in Gadchiroli, making liberal use of IEDs and ambushes.
With Maharashtra being the only Naxal-affected state going to polls next month, the Maoists are expected to be able to focus better on Gadchiroli. Already, a lot of posters calling for election boycott have been recovered from a lot of places and many inputs about increase in the frequency of Naxal movements are being received.
Sources said the police were anticipating major Naxal activity, ambushes in particular, in south Gadchiroli areas of Aheri and Perimili. North Gadchiroli areas of Dhanora, Murumgaon and Gyarapatti, where the Naxals have weakened considerably, might witness IED blasts in surprise attacks, said the police.
SP Sandip Patil said: “We have already started aggressive area domination. We are not allowing the Naxal bid to move in large numbers together and have foiled such attempts six times in the past 40 days. The latest was in Kasansur last week, where we foiled one such congregation bid by 40-50 Naxals and have recovered a lot of material, including a few walkie-talkie sets.” Patil added that “coordinated security operations with neighbouring states were being ensured”.
Some ten-odd booths have been shifted to safer places due to inaccessibility caused by heavy rains and thick vegetation.
Shoulder bags sporting Ganapathi photo recovered
In what is seen as unprecedented, ground-level Naxal cadres have started sporting the photograph of CPI (Maoist) general secretary Muppala Lakshmana Rao alias Ganapathi on the back of their shoulder bags. SP Sandip Patil told The Indian Express that such bags were recovered after the recent Kasansur firing incident in Gadchiroli. “This has been observed for the first time to our surprise. Maybe the Naxals have the direction to project Ganapathi as their role model,” said Patil.

VVPATs to debut in 13 Assembly pocketsVVPATs to debut in 13 Assembly pockets
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai |       September 29, 2014 1:34 pm
Comments
The VVPAT system was first experimented in the Noksen Assembly bypoll in Nagaland and now will be used in the upcoming Maharashtra polls. (Source: PTI photo)
A pilot project launched by the state’s chief electoral officer will enable the electorate in 13 Assembly pockets to verify whether their votes have been cast to the right candidate.
Moving towards a more accountable polling process, a voter-verified paper audit trial (VVPAT) will be attached to the electronic voting machine (EVM) and print each vote so that it can be double-checked exclusively by the voter.
While the pilot project was first launched during the Lok Sabha elections in eight constituencies in the country — Lucknow, Gandhinagar, Bangalore South, Chennai Central, Jadavpur, Raipur, Patna Sahib and Mizoram — this time it will be tested in 13 Assembly segments in the state.
The 13 pockets are Wardha, Amravati (2 pockets), Yavatmal, Chandrapur, Nashik (3 pockets), Aurangabad (3 pockets) and Ahmednagar (2 pockets). Being relatively less populous, these Assembly constituencies were identified to test the VVPAT, Election Commission officials said.
Deputy Chief Electoral Officer A N Valvi said, “The VVPAT will print out a piece of paper each time a vote is cast. It will show the party’s symbol and serial number of the candidate for the voter’s confirmation. The slip will then automatically get deposited in a locked box attached with the EVM. In case of future allegations of bogus votes or wrong counting, these slips will give the final word.”
Currently, the expenses in setting up the entire process involve only the cost of the battery and paper.
Shekhar Chane, suburban collector in Mumbai, said: “Such a process will also build the voter’s confidence that there is no tampering with the voting machine. Apart from the voter, no one can see what is printed on the slip immediately after the vote is cast, thus ensuring the secrecy of the vote.”

EPFO s minimum pension of Rs 1 000 to benefit 32 lakhEPFO's minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 to benefit 32 lakh immediately
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 15:20 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government's decision to amend the Employees Pension Scheme, 1995 (EPS-95) run by Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) to provide a minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 will immediately benefit an estimated 32 lakh pensioners who get less than the aforementioned amount.
Earlier, estimates of EPFO had suggested that the immediate beneficiaries who were getting less than Rs 1000 every month would be 28 lakh while the total number of pensioners under EPFO's Employees' Pension Scheme (EPS-95) of were 44 lakh.
"Out of the present 49 lakh pensioners of EPS-95 approximately 32 lakh pensioner are drawing less than Rs 1000 per month with a large number of them drawing less than Rs 500 per month," an EPFO order said.
Though the entitlement provided by the government under the EPS-95 was made effective on September 1, the pensioners getting less than Rs 1000 per month would be paid this amount from next month onwards.
In a bid to make the event a memorable one, EPFO has asked its field offices to organise a facilitation programme on September 30.
The EPFO head office wants the field formation to invite and felicitate those people who were issued the oldest pension payment order (PPO) by the respective offices and were paid the least amount under the EPS-95.
The field officers have also been asked to participate in radio and TV programmes on social security to create awareness about the government's initiative.
The order also provides that the field office will incur expenditure on the facilitation function under the head of publicity. Moreover if the additional funds are required under the head, the matter may be taken up with the Finance Wing at the head office, the order said.
The field offices are to make an impact through this felicitation function and invite 100-150 pensioners.
Besides, the field offices would have a separate time slot for redressing grievances of pensioners and pension claim applicants during the event.

Morgan Stanley  StanChart picked to manage divestmentSumeet Chatterjee and Devidutta Tripathy        Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 15:28 IST
The corporate logo of financial firm Morgan Stanley is pictured on a building in San Diego, California September 24, 2013. Photo: Reuters/Mike Blake/Files
Morgan Stanley and Standard Chartered are among six banks picked to manage the sales of shares in two state-run companies, sources directly involved in the deals said on Friday.
The combined sales, worth about $470 million at current market values, are part of government plans for a record $10.5 billion in asset sales in the year to March to help plug a budget deficit.
Morgan Stanley and Indian banks JM Financial and Avendus have been selected to manage the sale of shares in state-run Rural Electrification Corp, the sources said.
Standard Chartered,SBI Capital and Axis Capital will manage the share sale for another state-run company Power Finance Corp, the sources said.
(Reuters)

Willing to engage with Pak without terror shadowWilling to engage with Pakistan without terror shadow, says Narendra Modi
Priyanka Tikoo     United Nations   Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 21:27 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi  at United Nations General Assembly.
Rebuffing Pakistan for raising the Kashmir issue at the UN, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday that he was prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with it "without the shadow of terrorism" but asked it to create an "appropriate environment" for that.
Without making a direct reference to the strident speech of his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif at United Nations on Friday in which he had insisted on a plebiscite in Kashmir, Modi made it clear that "raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries".
In his maiden address to the 193-member UN General Assembly, the Indian leader underlined that his government placed the highest priority on advancing friendship and cooperation with its neighbours, including Pakistan.
Speaking in Hindi, Modi said, "I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism, to promote our friendship and cooperation.
"However, Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment," he told the Assembly.
 

Russian suspicions of US motives in Syria make cooperation unlikelyUS airstrikes in Syria damage buildings.
Reuters | Damascus | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:47 am
The United States and Russia see Islamic State as a common enemy but are failing to overcome deep mutual distrust and agree on how to tackle the threat together, making any role for Moscow in the U.S.-led campaign unlikely, say U.S. officials.
Differences between the former Cold War foes are stark, say the officials. Moscow suspects Washington’s ulterior motive is removal of its ally, Syria’s President Bashar al-Assad. Washington refuses to consider working together as long as Moscow insists that U.S. strikes need Syrian and U.N. approval.
Diplomatic efforts, from high-level talks at the United Nations to informal contacts in Moscow, have failed to resolve those misgivings, which echo broader problems in U.S.-Russian relations, already at a post-Cold War low over the crisis in Ukraine, American officials say.
“The main obstacle to Russian participation is Moscow’s position that ‘this can only be taken with permission of the Syrian government or through the U.N.,’ which is not something we accept,” a senior U.S. administration official told Reuters on the condition of anonymity.
“If Russia thinks that somehow they’re going to gain some kind of shift in the U.S. policy, that is not going to happen.” Though Russia has no sympathy for Islamic State militants who have seized large tracts of territory in Iraq and Syria and face U.S.-led air strikes in both countries, Moscow’s relationship with Syria forms a difficult backdrop to talks over any potential role.
Russia’s absence from the anti-Islamic State coalition complicates Washington’s calculus, reducing the possibility of U.S. leverage over the flow of Russian arms into Damascus as the U.S.-led campaign moves forward with air strikes in Syria and arms anti-Assad rebels.
Moscow, which has been trying to raise its diplomatic and economic influence in the Middle East, has been a major provider of conventional weapons to Syria, giving Assad crucial support during the nearly four-year civil war and blocking wider Western attempts to punish him with sanctions for the use of force against civilians.
Washington, meanwhile, backs moderate Syrian rebels who are seeking to topple Assad and are likely to play a central role in any future ground campaign inside Syria. The U.S. government accuses Assad of widespread human rights abuses and says it will never ask for Assad’s permission for its air strikes.
While this all but rules out military collaboration in Syria against Islamic State, also known as ISIL, U.S. officials still see potential for common cause on another front: aiding Baghdad’s battle to roll back Islamic State’s gains in Iraq. But there, too, joint U.S.-Russian action appears out of the question.
“The U.S. and Russia share an interest in defeating the kind of violent extremism that ISIL represents,” a senior State Department official said.
“DIDN’T CHANGE ANYTHING”
Russian sensitivity about Assad’s fate figured prominently in private discussions between Moscow and Washington in recent weeks, say U.S. officials with direct knowledge of those talks. After President Barack Obama announced air strikes against Islamic State forces in Iraq in continued…

Narendra Modi addresses UN  meets Hugh Jackman in New Yorkpicture  others
Narendra Modi addresses UN, meets Hugh Jackman in New York
Narendra Modi meets Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in New York on Saturday (September 27). (Source: AP)
A view of the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly being addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at UN headquarters in New York. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly, at U.N. headquarters. (Source: AP)
Narendra Modi is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters. (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Minister for External Affairs Sushma Swaraj at the United Nations in New York. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and Hugh Jackman speak at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at Central Park. (Source: AP)
Narendra Modi and Hugh Jackman hug at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi speaks as Australian actor Hugh Jackman and his wife look on at the Global Citizen Festival. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi meets his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina in New York. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi meets Nepalese counterpart Sushil Koirala in New York. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi and President of Sri Lanka, Mahinda Rajapaksa shake hands at a meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi in a meeting with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in New York. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi pays tribute at Ground Zero, the 9/11 memorial. (Source: PTI)
Modi lays a wreath at the survival tree at Ground Zero, the 9/11 memorial. (Source: PTI)
Modi waves to the public after paying tribute at Ground Zero, the 9/11 memorial. (Source: PTI)
Modi goes around the 9/11 Memorial exhibition. (Source: PTI)
Related

Jayalalithaa  prisoner No. 7402  in VVIP cell 23Updated: September 28, 2014 10:13 IST
Jayalalithaa, prisoner No. 7402, in VVIP cell 23
Imran Gowhar
PTI Her dinner included a Ragi ball, 200 grams of rice and two chapathis. However, she refused dinner and sought fruits instead.
TOPICS
ministers (government)
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, who has been convicted in the disproportionate assets case, has been allotted the VVIP Cell number 23 in the Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara. She has been given prisoner number 7402.
Sources said the cell is located next to the women’s barrack. Jail authorities said the occupant was entitled to a bed, fan and separate bathroom facility. Ms Jayalalithaa was provided with a white sari as a convict.
Her dinner included a Ragi ball, 200 grams of rice and two chapathis. However, she refused dinner and sought fruits instead.
Others convicted in the case Sasikala, Ilavarsi and Sudhakaran were given prisoner numbers 7403 and 7404 and 7405 respectively. While Sasikala and Ilavarasi were assigned a cell, where Subha, convicted in the murder of a software engineer, is lodged, Sudhakaran was put up in a VIP cell next to former Karnataka Tourism Minister and mining baron G Janardhana Reddy, the officials said.
Sources said that Ms. Jayalalitha was subjected to medical examination in the prison premises as part of admission procedure. She was also explained the procedure of the prison rules. Since Ms. Jayalalitha complained of multiple ailments the prison authorities have assured necessary medical help.
Sources said that Ms Jayalalithaa will be the first occupant of the VVIP cell in the high security Central Prison. The Central Prison has two VVIP prisons cells that are categorised as high security zones while the prison also has five VIP cells that have been used to lodge former Chief Minister B.S. Yeddyurappa, former Ministers, G. Janardhan Reddy and S.N. Krishnaiah Setty.

Nobel predictions see honours for LEDs  pain researchNEW YORK, September 26, 2014
Updated: September 26, 2014 15:31 IST
Nobel predictions see honours for LEDs, pain research
Reuters
Tweet
AP In this file photo a visitor tries out a tablet during an event in Tokyo. Scientists who discovered phenomena as different as organic light-emitting diodes that illuminate mobile phones, tablets and HD TVs and the molecular mechanisms of pain are top contenders for the 2014 Nobel prizes.
TOPICS
science and technology
Scientists who discovered phenomena as different as the molecular mechanisms of pain, organic light-emitting diodes that illuminate mobile phones and a new quantum state of matter are top contenders for Nobel prizes next month, according to an annual analysis by Thomson Reuters.
The predictions announced on Thursday come from the Intellectual Property & Science (IP&S) unit of Thomson Reuters. Since 2002, it has accurately predicted 35 Nobel laureates, including nine who won in the year of the forecast and 16 who won within two years.
Citations can reflect how influential a study was, but are not a perfect benchmark. Breakthroughs in specialized fields could have few citations while a lesser finding in a popular one could have many.
But some citations are essentially tips-of-the-hat by one scientist to another and can indicate standing in a field. Since Nobel nominations come from past winners and other eminences, reputation counts.
The IP&S analysts predicted seven possible winners in medicine and physics and eight in chemistry. The Nobel committees honour a maximum of three scientists in each field, so predicting more than twice that number increases the odds of being right.
For the Nobel Prize in medicine that will be announced on October 6, 2014 in Stockholm, the Thomson Reuters analysis shows deserving discoveries going back decades.
David Julius of the University of California, San Francisco, is in contention for discovering the cellular receptor for the chilli molecule capsaicin in the late 1990s. He worked out how it is activated by capsaicin as well as heat, triggering pain.
Discoveries by three other contenders overturned the belief that humans are 99 per cent alike at the DNA level. In 2004 one of the trio, Michael Wigler of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, found that more than 10 per cent of the genome contains DNA that is duplicated as if by a biological photocopier run amok. Such “copy number variations” are associated with autism, schizophrenia and other devastating disorders.
This year might finally be the charm for breakthroughs from the early days of molecular genetics, specifically discoveries by James Darnell and Robert Roeder of Rockefeller University, and Robert Tjian of UC Berkely, of how DNA is transcribed within cells so proteins can be synthesized.
The Nobel Prize in physics, to be announced on October 7, may also recognise achievement from a past decade. One contender whom Thomson Reuters highlights is Charles Kresge of Saudi Aramco, whose breakthrough invention of molecular sieves, now used as industrial catalysts, came in 1992.
In chemistry, Ching Tang of Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Steven Van Slyke of Silicon Valley start-up Kateeva are in contention for inventing organic light-emitting diodes, which became ubiquitous in smartphones, tablets and high-definition televisions.
If Thomson Reuters' crystal ball is right, lay people will have their work cut out for them trying to understand some of the achievements. One physicist deemed to have a shot described how “spin frustration causes sinusoidal antiferromagnetic ordering”, while three in contention for chemistry developed “the reversible addition-fragmentation chain-transfer polymerisation process”.
Thomson Reuters’ Intellectual Property & Science unit, which sells data, bases its forecasts on scientists' citations, or references to their published papers by others. Thomson Reuters owns the Reuters news service.

Jim O Neill: Modis failure to deliver biggest risk to marketsFIIS
(The new PM has done a pretty…)
Standard & Poor's upgrade of India's credit outlook is good news but not dramatic, said Jim O'Neill, a noted economist and former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
In an interview with ET, O'Neill, who coined the acronym BRIC in 2001 to describe Brazil, Russia, India and China, said India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated but it all depends on Narendra Modi to deliver to match the increased optimism of foreign investors. Edited excerpts:
Will S&P's India outlook upgrade change investors' outlook towards Indian stocks?
One has to see whether the rating agency's action is following the market, leading the market, or coinciding with the market. Indian markets in particular have performed very well in the last four months since Modi was elected as the prime minister. Obviously, the markets have already become optimistic about India. I don't think the S&P outlook upgrade is dramatic news, but it's definitely good news.
How severe would be the impact of possible interest rate hike in the US on emerging markets including India?
The US monetary policy is crucial for global markets. Investors are starting to worry about the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
The event will be negative for global markets — whether it's developing markets or developed markets — and India cannot do anything about it.
Hence, India should concentrate on the macros over which it has control, and not get worried about what is happening in the US or elsewhere.
Having said that India this time is better prepared than 18 months ago, when the tapering of QE programme was announced.
FII flows into India have slowed down in the past two months and have turned negative in the past few trading sessions. Should markets be worried about it?
Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve. People are anticipating more volatile markets, going ahead, and here India cannot do anything about it.
Indian markets have seen severe bouts of volatility in recent trading sessions. Do you think the bull market is showing signs of fatigue and will consolidate, going forward?
Markets never move in a straight line and that's the reality. The Sensex is up about 26% year to date and things don't move in the same direction every week. Though more volatility in Indian markets will surprise me, people should not be thinking that this is the end of the Indian market rally. India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated, but it all depends on Modi to deliver on increased optimism of foreign investors.
Do you think valuation of the Indian market, which is relatively high compared to many emerging markets, is a cause for concern?
I am not really concerned about valuations. It's quite possible that Indian analysts may not be upgrading before the earnings. As I have said if the broad virtuous cycle continues, where the rating agencies get more happy, the business people get more happy, and Modi takes further economic reforms, then the GDP in the second half of this decade will easily be around 7.5% or more. And if this happens, then the consensus earnings forecast will get revised upwards.
Has the government delivered in line with the expectations of foreign investors?
I think Modi has done a pretty good job so far, based on the intentions of the government. I would like to see the execution of minimum government and maximum governance. I would like to see the reduction in dominance of bureaucracy. I would like to say here for all the things which the government has started, without better governance nothing can be achieved.
Though there are many things which need to be adjusted as people are more optimistic about the new government. There is a need to make strong macroeconomic policy framework, a lot of work has to been done to bring energy efficiency, environmental efficiency. Many restrictions on FDI have to be removed.
Brent crude oil along with other major commodity prices have eased considerably. To what extent will it help in tackling macro challenges?
The easing commodity prices in one way offset to some degree the US Fed's monetary tightening policy. The easing commodity prices also help in bringing down inflation and this makes easier for India to tackle some of its marco challenges.
Do you think the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will reduce interest rates in the near future as easing commodity prices have given respite?
It depends on the virtuous cycle. If the commodity prices continue to soften, going forward, then it will be extremely helpful in reducing Indian inflation. It's important that India's central bank gets greater independence and makes sure that low inflation becomes part of India's culture. I don't think there is a need to rush for lowering interest rates. If the virtuous cycle continues than India would definitely benefit from lower interest rates.
Which are the major risks associated with the Indian markets which investors should be aware of?
Among the major risks to Indian markets, the biggest would be if Modi fails to deliver what he has promised, and second is the possible interest rate hike in the US which is going to impact everybody including India. Apart from these, I don't see any major risks to India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jim O Neill: Modis failure biggest risk to marketsFIIS
(The new PM has done a pretty…)
Standard & Poor's upgrade of India's credit outlook is good news but not dramatic, said Jim O'Neill, a noted economist and former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
In an interview with ET, O'Neill, who coined the acronym BRIC in 2001 to describe Brazil, Russia, India and China, said India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated but it all depends on Narendra Modi to deliver to match the increased optimism of foreign investors. Edited excerpts:
Will S&P's India outlook upgrade change investors' outlook towards Indian stocks?
One has to see whether the rating agency's action is following the market, leading the market, or coinciding with the market. Indian markets in particular have performed very well in the last four months since Modi was elected as the prime minister. Obviously, the markets have already become optimistic about India. I don't think the S&P outlook upgrade is dramatic news, but it's definitely good news.
How severe would be the impact of possible interest rate hike in the US on emerging markets including India?
The US monetary policy is crucial for global markets. Investors are starting to worry about the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
The event will be negative for global markets — whether it's developing markets or developed markets — and India cannot do anything about it.
Hence, India should concentrate on the macros over which it has control, and not get worried about what is happening in the US or elsewhere.
Having said that India this time is better prepared than 18 months ago, when the tapering of QE programme was announced.
FII flows into India have slowed down in the past two months and have turned negative in the past few trading sessions. Should markets be worried about it?
Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve. People are anticipating more volatile markets, going ahead, and here India cannot do anything about it.
Indian markets have seen severe bouts of volatility in recent trading sessions. Do you think the bull market is showing signs of fatigue and will consolidate, going forward?
Markets never move in a straight line and that's the reality. The Sensex is up about 26% year to date and things don't move in the same direction every week. Though more volatility in Indian markets will surprise me, people should not be thinking that this is the end of the Indian market rally. India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated, but it all depends on Modi to deliver on increased optimism of foreign investors.
Do you think valuation of the Indian market, which is relatively high compared to many emerging markets, is a cause for concern?
I am not really concerned about valuations. It's quite possible that Indian analysts may not be upgrading before the earnings. As I have said if the broad virtuous cycle continues, where the rating agencies get more happy, the business people get more happy, and Modi takes further economic reforms, then the GDP in the second half of this decade will easily be around 7.5% or more. And if this happens, then the consensus earnings forecast will get revised upwards.
Has the government delivered in line with the expectations of foreign investors?
I think Modi has done a pretty good job so far, based on the intentions of the government. I would like to see the execution of minimum government and maximum governance. I would like to see the reduction in dominance of bureaucracy. I would like to say here for all the things which the government has started, without better governance nothing can be achieved.
Though there are many things which need to be adjusted as people are more optimistic about the new government. There is a need to make strong macroeconomic policy framework, a lot of work has to been done to bring energy efficiency, environmental efficiency. Many restrictions on FDI have to be removed.
Brent crude oil along with other major commodity prices have eased considerably. To what extent will it help in tackling macro challenges?
The easing commodity prices in one way offset to some degree the US Fed's monetary tightening policy. The easing commodity prices also help in bringing down inflation and this makes easier for India to tackle some of its marco challenges.
Do you think the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will reduce interest rates in the near future as easing commodity prices have given respite?
It depends on the virtuous cycle. If the commodity prices continue to soften, going forward, then it will be extremely helpful in reducing Indian inflation. It's important that India's central bank gets greater independence and makes sure that low inflation becomes part of India's culture. I don't think there is a need to rush for lowering interest rates. If the virtuous cycle continues than India would definitely benefit from lower interest rates.
Which are the major risks associated with the Indian markets which investors should be aware of?
Among the major risks to Indian markets, the biggest would be if Modi fails to deliver what he has promised, and second is the possible interest rate hike in the US which is going to impact everybody including India. Apart from these, I don't see any major risks to India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air strikes said to hit IS oil refineries in...Up until yesterday, the strikes had targeted mainly jihadist bases and makeshift oil refineries used by the militants, in a bid to weaken one of their main sources of financing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIRUT: The US-led coalition against jihadists in Syria struck the entrance to the country's main gas plant, in an apparent warning to Islamic State (IS) militants to abandon the premises under their control, a monitor said.
"The international coalition has for the first time struck the entrance and prayer area of the Coneco gas plant. It is under IS control, and is the largest in Syria," said Syrian Observatory for Human Rights director Rami Abdel Rahman yesterday.
The United States and a group of mainly Gulf Arab allies launched strikes against jihadist positions in Syria on Tuesday, a month and a half after strikes against IS jihadists began in neighbouring Iraq.
Up until yesterday, the strikes had targeted mainly jihadist bases and makeshift oil refineries used by the militants, in a bid to weaken one of their main sources of financing.
The strike against the Coneco gas plant's entrance and prayer area "did not kill any jihadists, though it did injure some of them", Abdel Rahman told AFP.
"It appears as though the international coalition is trying to force the jihadists to leave the plant," he said.
The Coneco gas plant is located in eastern Syria's Deir Ezzor province, which is the country's richest in oil and is located on the Iraq border.
The strike could have significant consequences not only for the jihadists, but also for areas under President Bashar al-Assad's control.
"The Coneco gas plant feeds the Jandar power station located in (regime-held) Homs province," said Abdel Rahman.
"If the Coneco plant stops functioning completely, several regime-held areas, as well as IS-controlled Deir Ezzor province will be left without electricity," he warned.
Before the IS militants took over Deir Ezzor province earlier this year, jihadists from the rival Al-Nusra Front and local tribes had an agreement with Assad's regime to keep the Coneco gas plant up and running.
In exchange for gas, the regime allowed electricity for Deir Ezzor province.
"That agreement was maintained when the IS took over," said Abdel Rahman.

Rajan unlikely to cut rates | View: Right ti...RBI governor Raghuram Rajan unlikely to cut rates in September 30 monetary policy
Saikat Das & MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Although Rajan's stance…)
MUMBAI: Almost no one expects Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan to reduce interest rates at the September 30 monetary policy announcement despite all the recent good news. In the year since he took over last September, Rajan has made amply clear he's not swayed by sentiment and that, as the governor said in August, he's determined to quell inflation "once and for all".
This recent good news has included Standard & Poor's upgrading its outlook on India's rating to stable from negative and finance minister Arun Jaitley cutting the government's borrowing target for the fiscal year by Rs 8,000 crore as revenue picks up on the back of a reviving economy and in anticipation of a blockbuster asset-sale programme, besides other money expected to come into the exchequer's coffers and improve government finances.
Rajan has said that he'll keep interest rates unchanged until there are convincing signs of inflation falling to 6% by January 2016. Those seeking signs of a possible easing of policy will look for the socalled 'fan chart' forecasting inflation, which may be pointing lower than in August due to sliding commodity prices and improving government finances.
RBI guidance may be peppered with words such as "data dependent" and "vigilant" without giving much away despite all-round improvement as Rajan would prefer to avoid what happened after the last policy statement, which for some in the market regarded as being 'in conflict' with the one before that. But Rajan said investors misread him.
None of the 14 economists and fund managers polled by ET are factoring in a cut anytime soon despite slowing inflation.
The consumer price index reflects the drop in shopping bills for potatoes, tomatoes and onions, which are at least 30% lower than their recent peaks. That should comfort Rajan, for whom food prices are a key determinant of monetary policy since it pinches the pockets of more than three fourths of the population.
Lower food prices despite a deficient monsoon, which sparked fears of a runaway price increase in vegetables and fruits, means the inflation expectations of people may also be easing.
Two-thirds of the fund managers and economists polled by ET believe there could be a further reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio, the proportion of deposits that banks have to hold in government bonds as he prepares the ground for banks to lend freely when demand revives, which is likely if economic revival takes hold as expected.
Almost the same number—two out of three surveyed--expect the first interest rate cut to come between February and June, and the remaining believe it could be in the second half of the next calendar year.
The key repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, is at 8%, while SLR is 22%. The cash reserve ratio, the proportion of deposits that has to be kept with the RBI without any interest, is at 4%. The bimonthly monetary policy review is scheduled to be announced on Tuesday at 11 am.
"The effectiveness of policy measures for controlling both food as well as core inflation will determine if, and by how much, rates can be cut," said Saugata Bhattacharya, chief economist at Axis Bank. "The inflation fan chart is likely to be centred at around 7.5%, down from 8% in the last review, and likely to meet the first waypoint in the two-year glide path."
Rajan, who has raised rates thrice since last September, has been adamant that the back of inflation needs to be broken if the country has to get back to the path of sustainable, high economic growth. Unless savers are provided positive real returns, the financial system may become skewed and any interest rate reduction could be temporary, forcing the RBI to reverse its stance quickly.
"The problem in the last few fights against inflation has been that every time we look like we are succeeding, the clamour arises— Oh, we have had high interest rates, inflation is coming down, why don't you cut interest rates?" Rajan said in August. "And it is true that we don't want higher rates for longer than we need to have, but we don't want to keep fighting inflation every two years. And that's what we have been doing for the last six years. So our point is let us try, and reliably bring down inflation."
Inflation as measured by the consumer price index in August slowed to 7.80% from 7.96% in July. Wholesale price index-based inflation also fell in August--to 3.47%, near a five-year low.
Although Rajan's stance has drawn protests from industry and short-term investors, the Narendra Modi government has backed him with Jaitley holding off from calling for a reduction in rates.
Meanwhile, indications of an improvement in economic activity, easing price pressures and better government finances led to Standard & Poor's outlook revision. The next step can only be a rating upgrade, which means more investment money pouring into India.

RBI nudges banks to mine Facebook and Twitter to know customers betterRBI nudges banks in India to mine Facebook and Twitter to know customers better
Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 14:28  IST
Sep 29 2014, 14:28  IST
 

Pro-democracy protests expand in Hong KongHong Kong protesters set for new night of clashes
Agencies
more photos »
The ranks of Hong Kong democracy protesters who have paralysed parts of the city swelled into their tens of thousands Monday, digging in for another night of confrontation with police in their campaign for free elections.
In the worst unrest since the former British colony was handed back to China in 1997, demonstrators fought hours of running battles with police Sunday night, choking on clouds of tear gas as officers attempted to suppress the crowds.
Riot police retreated Monday, handing demonstrators both a major morale boost and control of three major thoroughfares on the key financial hub's main island and across the harbour.
But protesters defied government calls to go home and instead readied themselves to counter any new attempt by police to retake the streets. 
Pro-democracy groups are locked in a struggle with the city's authorities over China's refusal to grant unfettered democracy, in one of the most significant challenges to Beijing's authority since the bloody Tiananmen protests of 1989.
Public anger over rampant inequality and Beijing's political interference is at its highest in years in a city once renowned for its stability.
Last month China said Hong Kongers could elect their next leader in 2017 but only candidates who had been vetted would be allowed to stand -- a decision critics branded a "fake democracy".
At the largest protest site in Admiralty district, where many international businesses are based, crowds swelled to some 20,000 people by the afternoon, AFP reporters estimated, taking over nearly a kilometre of highway.
Smaller protests in their low thousands blocked key thoroughfares throughout the day in Mongkok and Causeway Bay, two densely packed shopping districts.
"I'm staying until the end, until we get what we want to get, which is true democracy," 18-year-old high school student Michael Wan told AFP, surrounded by thousands of fellow supporters sheltering under umbrellas from the hot sun.
Underlining their assertive stance, some 1,000 masked protesters gathered outside a police station where senior officers held a press conference defending their liberal use of tear gas against crowds on Sunday night.
Tear gas used '87 times'
Assistant Commissioner Cheung Tak-keung said tear gas was used "87 times" at nine different locations.
"Force is used in a situation when we have no other alternatives," he said, adding officers were compelled to deploy the gas when "police cordon lines were heavily charged by some protesters".
However, the Hong Kong Bar Association condemned "excessive and disproportionate use of force" against crowds which it said were clearly predominantly peaceful.
Demonstrators are calling on the city's leader Leung Chun-ying to resign and for Beijing to drop its demand that candidates standing in the next leadership election be vetted by a loyalist committee.
Analysts said it was difficult to predict what might happen next, with the protesters pitted against a Beijing leadership that brooks no dissent on the mainland.
"The difficulty is that there seems to be no going back for both sides," said Surya Deva, a law professor at the City University of Hong Kong. "Which side will blink first is difficult to say, but I think protestors will prevail in the long run."
Students boycotted classes in the past week, and spearheaded the storming of the government's headquarters on the weekend, a move that prompted pro-democracy group Occupy Central to bring forward a mass civil disobedience campaign due to start on October 1.
Reiterating China's hardline stance, foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Beijing opposed "illegal actions that undermine the rule of law and social security".
Hong Kong's leader Leung Chun-ying also dismissed rumours circulating on social media that he planned to call in the Chinese military, which stations a garrison in the city.
"There is absolutely no proof of this," he said.
Commuters frustrated
The ongoing protests forced the closure of many schools and businesses and caused widespread disruption to commuters.
The city's stock exchange opened as usual, but ended the session down 1.90 percent as investors fretted about the impact the ongoing disruption could have on a key regional market.
City authorities also said an annual public fireworks show planned for the October 1 National Day holiday would be cancelled.
Police said 41 people have been injured, including 12 officers in the past few days, and 78 arrests made for offences ranging from forcible entry into government premises, unlawful assembly, disorderly conduct in public place and assaulting public officers.
Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under a "one country, two systems" deal that guarantees liberties not seen on the mainland, including freedom of speech and the right to protest.
But tensions have been building in the southern Chinese city over fears that these freedoms are being eroded, as well as perceived political interference from Beijing.
Britain voiced concern Monday about the escalating protests and called for an upcoming consultation process to produce a "meaningful advance for democracy" in the former colony.

Narendra Modi invokes Indian pride at Madison Square  bag of goodies for diasporaNarendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 19:24 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(29/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi finally got to thank his NRI (Non-Resident Indians) constituency for their support in getting him elected. And they finally got to see the man they had waited so long to see as Prime Minister.
  
Play Pause
Attendees stand as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as PM Modi prepares to give a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks to supporters during a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
A crowd of US-based supporters await the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
Dancers perform before India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the US. (Reuters Photo)
An artist carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI ...
Supporters during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
The scoreboard shows a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi above the arena floor before a community reception for the Prime Minister at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP ...
A boy wearing a mask of PM Narendra Modi waves during the "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York ...
“Today, I say thanks to everyone,” said Modi, adding, “and I assure you I will never do anything to let you down.” His thank-you note came with a few goodies.
One, holders of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given visas for their lifetime.
Two, people staying in India for a long period would not have to report to police stations periodically any more.
Three, measures will be initiated to end problems faced by those with non-Indian American spouses. PIO and Overseas Indian Cards would be merged into one shortly.
Four, US tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Five, outsourced consular services will be expanded.
“Happy?” Modi beamed to the packed venue, after announcing the first measure, which came at the end of a speech repeatedly interrupted by chants of “Modi, Modi”.
Dressed in a yellow kurta and peach waistcoat, the PM showed none of the strain of his navratri fast of just warm water, now into its fourth day on Sunday.
Read: Crush of US politicians meeting Modi
It was vintage Modi at the podium, feeding on the energy of the iconic Manhattan venue packed with supporters from 49 of the 50 states of the United States.
Also there to listen to a man who just stunned the world with a massive electoral victory were many US lawmakers, many of whom were in the middle of their own re-election campaigns.
The PM thanked his supporters, many of whom, as he said, had either travelled to India to campaign for him or supported him and the BJP from here.
Seshadri Kumar, who publishes a community paper, came to the reception all the way from Houston, Texas. “I could have stayed home and watched it on TV,” he said.
But this was a historic event and he wanted to be there.
Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
Acutely aware of the importance of the event, Modi quickly moved from recognising and thanking them for their support to reporting to them why they were right in choosing him.
The PM could have been speaking to an audience at home in India, explaining, as he did, his vision, his plans, his goals and ambitions for India.
“The government you have chosen will not leave any stone unturned in developing the country,” said Modi, adding, “this government will succeed in fulfilling all our aspirations.”
And here is why, he said. India cannot be stopped. India has three unique qualities which we need to recognise and present to the world: democracy, demographic dividend and demand (as consumers).
In a speech that was repeatedly interrupted by cheers and applause, the longest ovation was for the time when he said he grew up selling tea.
Everyone in the audience knew that story well — many of them had participated in his “Chai with Modi” events in the run up to the elections, but they couldn’t help themselves.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Top 10 quotes from Modi speech
 
“I have reached here by selling tea. I am a very small person… I am small and that is why I take interest in doing small work for small people. I am small that is why I have the intent to do big things for small people.” — his reply to people who ask him to talk of his “bada vision” (big vision).
 
“I will repay your debt by making the India of your dreams,”
 
“Earlier, Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
“Is this news?” — on reports that officials in India had started reporting for work on time.
 
“I have a dream that no family in India should be without a house in 2022. These are small things I am telling you, but these are the things which will turn India’s fortunes.” 
 
“Thousands of crores have been spent. People have told me Modi ji why are you getting involved in this tough work. If I had to do easy work, people would not have made me PM.” — on taking up the challenge of cleaning river Ganga
 
“There are many expectations from the government. I can say with belief, this government will succeed 100% in meeting people’s expectations.”
 
“A country which has such capable fingers… a country whose youth which is committed to development on its own…such a country has no need to turn back and look.”
 
“I haven’t taken even a 15-minute vacation since I’ve taken the PM’s post.”
 
“When 2019 comes, let us pledge to give Mahatma Gandhi — on his 150th birth anniversary — a clean India.”

Financial Technologies rallies over 8% on signing tech deal with MCXYou are here: Home > Collections > Mcx
Financial Technologies rallies over 8% on signing technology contract with MCX
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 10.09AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Earlier this week, the board…)
NEW DELHI: Financial Technologies Ltd (FTIL) rallied as much as 8.07 per cent in trade on Monday after the company said that it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 09:55 a.m.; FTIL was trading 4.9 per cent higher at Rs 228.10. It hit a low of Rs 220.10 and a high of Rs 235 in trade today.
MCX was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 793.30. It hit a low of Rs 791 and a high of Rs 798.90 in trade today.
Earlier this week, the board of directors of both FTIL and MCX had approved the new agreement to be signed between them, PTI reported.
In a filing to the BSE , FTIL said,"..FTIL and MCX have executed a master amendment to principal agreements (supplementary agreement) for providing software support and managed services on mutually agreed terms and conditions until the year 2022".
The Jignesh Shah-led company also said, "Due to this supplementary agreement and based on the current volume of MCX and assuming MCX daily volume remain same, the negative impact on the total income of the company would be around Rs 8.82 crore for the period of 2014-15."
As per the new agreement, MCX will pay FTIL a fixed charge of Rs 1.5 crore per month including managed services payable in advance on semi-annual basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IDBI up 3% as bank clears raising Re borrowing capYou are here: Home > Collections
IDBI rallies over 3% as bank approves raising rupee borrowing limit
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 09.37AM IST
Tags:
IDBI Bank Ltd
(The bank also approved infusion…)
NEW DELHI: IDBI Bank Ltd rose as much as 3.2 per cent in trade on Monday, after the the board of directors has approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and also decided to infuse an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
At 09:30 a.m.; IDBI Bank was trading 2.7 per cent higher at Rs 64.35. It hit a low of Rs 63.20 and a high of Rs 64.75 in trade today.
"Enhancement in rupee borrowing limit from the present limit of Rs 4,000 crore to Rs 15,000 crore, subject to compliance with all applicable laws," it said in a filing to the BSE.
The bank also approved infusion of additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in its subsidiary IDBI Asset Management (IAML).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Warora: BJP dumps RSS man for DeotaleWarora: BJP dumps RSS man for Deotale
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur |       September 29, 2014 1:35 pm
Comments
The Bharatiya Janata Party dumped a hardcore RSS man Saturday and replaced him with a candidate rejected by the Congress for the Warora seat in Chandrapur.
The man favoured by BJP was none other than Sanjay Deotale, the minister for culture in Prithviraj Chavan’s cabinet.
The BJP changed its mind at the last minute and replaced its nominee Anil Bujone with Deotale allegedly at the instance of Nagpur MP and Union minister Nitin Gadkari.
Deotale, considered a non-performer by the Congress, was denied ticket Saturday when the party chose to field his sister-in-law Asawari.
Deotale then reportedly approached the BJP that readily obliged him with a party ticket at the cost of long-time RSS activist Bujone.
Bujone was then given ticket by the MNS and is now posing a challenge to Deotale.
The sudden turn of events has taken the Warora BJP and RSS circles by surprise with many old-time RSS loyalists expressing shock. Bujone’s elder brother Anant is a senior RSS pracharak.
Senior party leaders including Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir and former state party chief Sudhir Mungantiwar have started a firefighting exercise, meeting senior RSS leaders and seeking their cooperation.
The RSS, however, has made no promise to see Deotale through, according to a senior RSS functionary who did not want to be named.
Deotale had contested the Lok Sabha elections from Chandrapur and lost to BHP’s Hansraj Ahir.
Nephew takes on uncle in Katol
A family battle is on the cards in Katol constituency of Nagpur district with the BJP fielding Ashish Deshmukh against his uncle Anil Deshmukh of the NCP. Anil has been repeatedly winning from Katol on NCP ticket and has also been a minister in the Democratic Front government. Ashish has been hobnobbing with the BJP for some time and is considered close to Nitin Gadkari.

Sensex  Nifty rangebound  Sun Pharma top gainer; top 10 stocksSensex, Nifty rangebound, Sun Pharma top gainer; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.18PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range on Monday, with gainers including names like TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow bank around its crucial psychological level of 7950.
Sun Pharma (up 2.5 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.86 per cent), BHEL (up 1.6 per cent), TCS (up 1.54 per cent) and Cipla (up 1.1 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
At 3:17 pm, the Sensex was at 26,602.11; down 24.21 points. The broader 50-share Nifty was at 7,958.80; down 10.05 points.
Technically, Nifty has taken support from its 50 DMA and closed comfortably above 7950 level. However, the index continues to trade below its short term moving averages which is likely to induce some amount of pressure at higher levels.
"The market breadth was quite encouraging and revival in midcap as well as small cap stocks indicates that Nifty may continue its upward journey in coming days," LKP said in a report.
"The index is likely to face resistance at 8050-8100 level in short term," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Financial Technologies & MCX: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 10:00 a.m.; Financial Technologies was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 227 and MCX was up 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 794.45.
Federal Bank: Federal Bank has sanctioned a term loan of Rs 500 crore to Cochin International Airport Ltd (CIAL) for the construction of the new International terminal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 124.50.
KFA: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.2 per cent higher at Rs 1.95.
Oil India Ltd: Energy major Oil India said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 605.45.
ONGC: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 407.70.
IDBI Bank: IDBI Bank today said the board of directors has approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and also decided to infuse an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.96 per cent higher at Rs 63.25.
Deepak Fertilisers Ltd: In a bid to take control of the Vijay Mallaya's fertiliser firm MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers has sought support from MCFL's independent directors on its open offer saying that rival bidder Zuari's win will help "wilful defaulter" Mallya continue to head the firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 159.50.
DLF Ltd: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.10 per cent higher at Rs 162.30.
TD Power Systems Ltd: Share of Bengaluru-based TD Power rallied over 7 per cent in trade after the Reserve Bank of India allowed registered foreign portfolios investors to purchase up to 100 per cent of TD Power Systems under the Portfolio Investment Scheme.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.3 per cent higher at Rs 347.95.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Taking Stock: Nobody has lost money in last 12 yrs(Indian stock market offered…)
MUMBAI: Do stocks really beat all other investments in the long run?
That's the question many individual investors are asking as the debate on supremacy of stocks over other investment avenues such as debt, gold and real estate, among others, rages.
Investment experts usually ask investors to bet on stocks to fund their long-term future goals. But some, in fact, question their invincibility.
Sure, such debates are not uncommon among investor communities.
However, their timing - Indian stock market offered handsome returns last year and is expected to do well in the next 3-4 years - has surprised many participants and investors alike.
"I think these debates are just a way to reinforce the conviction of the participants," says A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund , who still thinks that stocks are the best bet for long-term goals. Rajesh Krishnamurthy, managing director, iFast Financial, believes that it shows that a section of investors has doubt about sustainability of the current rally in the market. "They seem to believe that the market has risen on the basis of feel good factor on hopes of great work by the new government and it is not backed by fundamentals," he reasons.
Supremacy challenged?
A host of point-to-point comparisons of the performance of the BSE Sensex vs other investments have started doing the rounds in the last few months. The idea was to show which one has an edge, depending on the intention of the study. The votaries of stocks were quick to point out the futility of point-to-point comparisons, pointing out that these points were fleshed out to prove the theory the author wants to make. Interestingly, they resort to the same tactic to underscore the seeming invincibility of stocks. A new theory suggests nobody has lost any money in the market in the last 12 years.
Gaurav Mashruwala , a seasoned financial planner, dismisses such comparisons.
"You can't compare apples and oranges. So, comparing one asset class against another doesn't serve any purpose," he stresses. When you are buying a stock, you are becoming an owner of the business, whereas you are a lender while putting money in a debt instrument. You get interest for lending money at a fixed rate. On the other hand, when you become the owner of business, you earn a part of the profit which is not pre-determined.
He also points out that most of the studies are flawed. For instance, the BSE Sensex doesn't give total returns as dividend earned is not factored in.
Also, a debt investment like PPF reinvests the interest. "So, you are taking money out (dividend) of one (Sensex) and the money (interest) is reinvested in another (debt investment), which distorts the result," he explains.
Experts echo his vew, who say they continue to believe that stocks are the best investment option to secure long-term financial goals.
Shut noise out Krishnamurthy says investors should shut the noise out and continue to bet on stocks for long-term goals. According to Balasubramanian, investors should understand that they need to invest in a mix of equity and debt to meet their various objectives. "Look at how gold has performed in the last few years. Or look at real estate. People are struggling to sell their investments in real estate.
In such a scenario, where would you invest?" he asks, before quickly clarifying that it has to be in a mix of stocks and debt.
Mashruwala recommends stocks after considering a host of factors.
One, they can give you superior returns (around 15% CAGR) long term. "Yes, unlike debt investments, the returns are not linear in stocks.
In a decade, probably you will have nine bad years and one great year.
But stocks can beat inflation by a large margin," he points out. Liquidity is another major factor that favours stocks. This gives them a lot of manoeuvrability over other investments, he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chandy receives more than 9 000 complaints a yearUpdated: September 29, 2014 10:54 IST
Chandy receives more than 9,000 complaints a year
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu An official release said that Mr. Chandy received an average of 70 petitions a day.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy has received as many as 9,116 petitions directly in one year at his mass contact centre at the Secretariat.
The Chief Minister hears complaints from the public and receives petitions usually on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday at the specially-built Centre on the Secretariat compound for the purpose from 3 p.m.
(A separate building for Chief Minister’s interaction with public was built because of security concerns over influx of people into the Office of the Chief Minister. It started functioning in October last year).
An official release said that Mr. Chandy received an average of 70 petitions a day. When the Chief Minister receives a complaint, it is recorded on the computer and the petition is returned to the petitioner in a cover so that he/she can directly present the complaint before the officer concerned.

Cong  BJP attack Chautala for oath in jail remark; INLD sticks to standCong, BJP attack Chautala for ‘oath in jail’ remark; INLD sticks to stand
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh |       September 29, 2014 1:21 pm
Comments
Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda at a road show in Faridabad on Sunday. (Source: PTI photo)
Leader across parties have slammed INLD chief and former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala for claiming that he would take the chief minister’s oath in jail if his party is voted to power in Haryana.
Out on bail for medical reasons after being sentenced to 10 years in jail in the junior basic teachers’ recruitment scam, Chautala had made this remark at an event organised by the INLD in Jind last week.
Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda cited Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa’s conviction as an example to tell Chautala he  should “not fool the people of Haryana”. Addressing a rally in Faridabad today, Hooda said, “Chautala claims he will take oath from inside Tihar jail if INLD is voted to power. Then what is the need for holding elections? He can choose his cabinet ministers from among Tihar jail inmates. It is nothing but an attempt by Chautala and INLD to fool the people of Haryana. He is convicted in a corruption case and he talks of taking the CM’s oath in jail.
This is nothing but disrespect to the laws of this country. Jayalalithaa had taken oath as CM but even she had to bow before the law when she was convicted yesterday.”
Mocking INLD’s move to project Chautala as their CM candidate, Hooda said, “I am easily accessible. People can meet me anywhere, anytime.
But Chautala wishes to become CM inside Tihar jail, so a person will have to commit a crime so that he can be lodged in Tihar jail and then go and meet Chautala.”
The BJP, too, had harsh words for the INLD. Co-incharge for party affairs in Haryana Anil Jain said, “First these people commit crimes
and get convicted. Then while undergoing conviction, they come out on bail, showing health records. There cannot be more disregard for our country’s legal system than a man (Chautala), who came out on health grounds, addresses a political rally and then claims he is not well. Chautala’s dream of taking oath inside Tihar jail can never be fulfilled.”
The INLD has launched a massive campaign across the state projecting Chautala as their CM candidate. Although because of his conviction, Chautala is legally barred from contesting polls, the INLD is citing certain “grey areas” in law and claims that he can be administered oath and can be CM for at least six months.
However, legal experts refuted the INLD’s claim. A senior advocate of Punjab and Haryana High Court told The Indian Express, “There is no such legal provision that a convict can be sworn in as CM inside jail, while he is not even allowed to contest a poll. Besides, a Governor will never go to a jail for administering the CM’s oath to a convict. If such a thing continued…

Contradictory Syria policy helps Bashar al-Assad: Barack ObamaPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 29, 2014 11:06 am
President Barack Obama on Sunday gave voice to the conundrum at the heart of his Syria policy, acknowledging that the U.S.-led military campaign against the Islamic State group and al-Qaida’s affiliate in Syria is helping Syrian dictator Bashar Assad, a man the United Nations has accused of war crimes.
“I recognize the contradiction in a contradictory land and a contradictory circumstance,” Obama said in an interview aired Sunday on CBS’ “60 Minutes.” “We are not going to stabilize Syria under the rule of Assad,” whose government has committed “terrible atrocities,” Obama said.
“On the other hand, in terms of immediate threats to the United States, ISIL, Khorasan Group, those folks could kill Americans.”
ISIL is an alternative acronym for the Islamic State group, which has broken with al-Qaida as it has taken control of large sections of Iraq and Syria. The Khorasan Group is a cell of militants that the U.S. says is plotting attacks against the West in cooperation with the Nusra front, Syria’s al-Qaida affiliate. Both groups have been targeted by U.S. airstrikes in recent days; together they constitute the most significant military opposition to Assad, whose government the U.S. would like to see gone.
Obama said his first priority is degrading the extremists who are threatening Iraq and the West. To defeat them, he acknowledged, would require a competent local ground force, something no analyst predicts will surface any time soon in Syria, despite U.S. plans to arm and train “moderate” rebels. The U.S. has said it would not cooperate with the Assad government.
“Right now, we’ve got a campaign plan that has a strong chance for success in Iraq,” the president said. “Syria is a more challenging situation.”
Earlier Sunday, House Speaker John Boehner questioned Obama’s strategy to destroy the Islamic State group. Boehner said on ABC’s “This Week” that the U.S. may have “no choice” but to send in American troops if the mix of U.S.-led airstrikes and a ground campaign reliant on Iraqi forces, Kurdish fighters and moderate Syrian rebels fails to achieve that goal.
“We have no choice,” Boehner said. “These are barbarians. They intend to kill us. And if we don’t destroy them first, we’re going to pay the price.”
Obama, though, made clear he has no interest in a major U.S. ground presence beyond the 1,600 American advisers and special operations troops he already has ordered to Iraq.
“We are assisting Iraq in a very real battle that’s taking place on their soil, with their troops,” the president said. “This is not America against ISIL. This is America leading the international community to assist a country with whom we have a security partnership.”
Only the U.S. could lead such a campaign, Obama said. “When there’s a typhoon in the Philippines, take a look at who’s helping the Philippines deal with that situation,” he said. “When there’s an earthquake in Haiti, take a look at who’s leading the charge and continued…

Protesters gear up for Modi eventsNew York, September 28, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 00:06 IST
Protesters gear up for Modi events
Narayan Lakshman
Reuters Prime Minster Narendra Modi speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York on Saturday.
TOPICS
riots
Even as excitement surged to a climax for Sunday’s community reception for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Madison Square Garden, protests rallies planned at the event venue appeared to gather momentum, as did a second “Citizens’ Court” protest in Washington, for which an “indictment” was said to have been “served” to the Indian Embassy.
On September 28 a broad coalition of organisations that came under the umbrella Alliance for Justice and Accountability plan to hold a rally, demonstration and press conference outside the Madison Square Garden to register their protest against Mr. Modi, whom they hold responsible for not stopping the 2002 anti-Muslim pogrom in Gujarat when he was Chief Minister of the State.
Meanwhile human rights group Sikhs For Justice (SFJ) said that as U.S. President Barack Obama rolls out the red carpet for Mr. Modi on September 30, a Citizens' Court in Lafayette Park, immediately outside the front end of the White House, would hold indictment proceedings against the Indian Prime Minister that would be telecast live throughout the U.S.
In this regard a copy of the “charge sheet” and notice of indictment proceedings for the Citizens’ Court was said to have been recently served on Mr. Modi via the Indian Embassy using a summons delivery service, whose officer signed an affidavit that he delivered a copy of the documents to a named Embassy official at the Embassy premises near Dupont Circle and informed that person of the contents.
The “charge sheet” includes six counts against Mr. Modi under identified statutes of U.S. law, SFJ said.
While the proceedings may not have any legal ramifications for Mr. Modi they come at an awkward time, when he will have his first ever meeting with Mr. Obama, whose administration held firm to a visa-ban against Mr. Modi issued in 2005 for his alleged role in the 2002 riots.
Even though it remains unclear whether the Obama administration could have taken steps to block high-visibility protests steps away from the White House entrance, it is evident that they did not thwart it, as permission to conduct the Citizens’ Court has been granted to the SFJ by the National Parks Service, and The Hindu has obtained a copy of the document.
Additional pressure from dissenting groups has come in the form of a New York-based human rights group, the American Justice Centre, offering a bounty of $10,000 to anyone who could serve Mr. Modi with the summons issued by a federal district court and capture the service on video, sparking concerns that there could be a security incident during Mr. Modi’s historic five-day visit to the U.S.
While New York law allows for summons servers to simply ascertain the presence of Mr. Modi in relatively close proximity and deposit the summons near or on his person, for example at his feet or in his hands, the potential involvement of an Indian-American community member in such a venture, say during a scheduled meeting with the Prime Minister, could complicate matters.

Tourbillon QP 3797BR effects intuitive display of indicationsStory
Splurge
An objet d'art as mysterious as time itself, the classique Tourbillon QP 3797BR from Breguet effects an intuitive display of the indications without compromising on the timepiece's inherent charm.
   Edition: Sep 14, 2014
Breguet's Tourbillon QP 3797BR
An objet d'art as mysterious as time itself, the classique Tourbillon QP 3797BR from Breguet effects an intuitive display of the indications without compromising on the timepiece's inherent charm.
Realising that the beholder may get befuddled by the amount of information on the dial, Breguet adds a helpful third dimension by lifting the hours and minutes chapter to the foreground.
Under the offset sapphire disc, an engine-turned hobnail pattern decorates the dial - overarched by the semi-circular scale of the retrograde dates. The case, in rose gold or platinum, is finely fluted around the sides.
The engine-turned patterns, the unique number, hands in blued steel and the secret signature all come together to complete the features that culminate into a Breguet watch. A treat for your wrist, indeed!
Price: On Demand

Non-essential drugs: NPPA withdraws price control orderThe National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority] has withdrawn its order to fix prices of drugs
TOPICS
pharmaceutical
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn its order to fix prices of drugs, which are not under the list of essential medicines, a move that has been welcomed by the pharmaceutical industry.
The NPPA had late on Monday issued a statement, saying it has withdrawn guidelines for price control issued under Para 19 of the Drug Prices Control Order (DPCO), 2013.
The Paragraph 19 of the DPCO, 2013, authorises the NPPA to control the prices drugs that are not under the NLEM (National List of Essential Medicines) under extraordinary circumstances in public interest. The NPPA had invoked Para 19 of the DPCO to cap prices of 108 medicines, including cardiac, diabetes and HIV/AIDS drugs, last month.
“In compliance with the directions received from the government in the Department of Pharmaceuticals...the aforesaid internal guidelines issued by the NPPA on May 29, 2014 under Paragraph 19 of DPCO 2013 are, hereby, withdrawn with immediate effect,” the NPPA said in a statement.
The order will be effective prospectively.
An NPPA official explained that the order meant that the powers the authority drew from the DPCO for fixing caps for non-essential drugs is no longer available.
“The plain reading of the order is that a guideline under DPCO 2013 has been withdrawn with immediate effect, that is, from September 22,” he said.
Several industry bodies, including the Indian Pharma Alliance (IPA), had criticised the NPPA’s move to cap the prices of medicines not under NLEM. Under the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) 2013, the government already controls the prices of 348 drugs listed in the NLEM.

Battle for Mangalore Chemicals intensifiesUpdated: September 27, 2014 01:06 IST
Battle for Mangalore Chemicals intensifies
Special Correspondent
company information
Deepak Fert and Zuari raise open offer price
The bid to acquire Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) has intensified with rival parties Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd (DFPCL) and Zuari Fertilizers and Chemicals, which is backed by the UB group, revising their open offer price to outbid one another.
DFPCL has aggressively revised its open offer price by 48 per cent to Rs.93.60 per share from its earlier offer price of Rs.63 to acquire up to 3.08 crore equity shares, representing 26 per cent stake in MCFL. SCM Soilfert and DFPCL are making a hostile takeover bid to acquire the company, controlled by the UB group and its Chairman Vijay Mallya, for an estimated Rs.288.41 crore.
On the other hand, Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals Ltd. has revised its open offer price to Rs.81.60 from the earlier open price of Rs.68.55 per MCFL shares to acquire 26 per cent stake in the company. Zuari Fertilizers and Zuari Agro Chemicals are making a counter bid to acquire 26 per cent stake in MCFL for Rs.251 crore. United Breweries (Holdings), Kingfisher Finvest India and McDowell Holdings are persons acting in concert with Zuari to prevent DFPCL to acquire the company.
At present, DFPCL holds little over 25 per cent stake in the company after purchasing shares from the open market.
In a similar manner, Zuari Agro Chemicals has acquired 16 per cent stake in MCFL. The UB group has 22 per cent stake.
Following the bidding war, MCFL shares, on Friday, surged 20 per cent and hit the upper circuit to close at Rs.88.10, up 19.95 per cent. Thursday was the last day for both rivals to announce their revised open offer price. Now, the open offers will start on October 1.
The DFPCL’s offer price is better than Zuari’s and now the public shareholders will decide whom to sell.
On Friday, DFPCL shares closed with a gain of 0.22 per cent at Rs.159.25 and Zuari Agro shares closed with a loss of 2.81 per cent at Rs.195.40 on the BSE.
On raising the open offer price for MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers CFO Somnath Patil said, “Our average purchase price of MCFL shares works out to Rs.78 per share. We feel this is a fair representation of the value of MCFL, considering its synergies with our business. We see value creation opportunities over medium to long term”.

ADB sells entire 5.2 % stake in Petronet LNG for Rs.714.50 crNEW DELHI, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 01:00 IST
ADB sells entire 5.2 % stake in Petronet LNG for Rs.714.50 cr
PTI
The Hindu A view of the LNG terminal at Puthuvypeen, Kochi. File Photo: Vipin Chandran
TOPICS
company information
The Asian Development Bank (ADB), on Friday, sold its entire 5.2 per cent stake in Petronet LNG Ltd. (PLL) for Rs.714.5 crore via block deals.
The ADB sold 3.9 crore shares of India’s largest liquefied natural gas importer to CitiGroup and HDFC Mutual Fund at Rs.183.20 per share, according to BSE data.
Citigroup Global Markets Mauritius Pvt. Ltd. bought 88 lakh shares, HDFC Top 200 Fund took 37.70 lakh shares and HDFC Equity Fund purchased 46.70 lakh shares, the data showed.
The stake sale comes after a long dispute between Petronet’s principal promoters and the firm’s management led by its Chairman, who is the Oil Secretary.
Petronet’s promoters — IOC, ONGC, GAIL and BPCL — were originally interested in buying ADB’s 5.2 per cent stake but the company management was opposed to it as it would have led to PSU holding crossing 50 per cent that would turn the LNG importer into a government entity.
Petronet is registered as a private company even though public sector oil firms hold 50 per cent stake and the Oil Secretary is its Chairman.
However, the Oil Ministry has refused permission to public sector oil companies for acquiring ADB stake to keep Petronet a private firm.
The ADB on August 23, 2011, offered to sell its 5.2 per cent stake in Petronet, in which GAIL, Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation hold 12.5 per cent stake each and have a first right of refusal.
The board of all the four promoter companies approved exercising the first right of refusal over ADB stake and cash buyout of the multilateral lending agency’s interest.
However, the Ministry, whose Secretary is the Chairman of PLL, vetoed the proposal at a March 26, 2012, meeting, sources said.

Industry lines up behind Modis pitchNEW DELHI, September 26, 2014
Updated: September 26, 2014 03:41 IST
Industry lines up behind Modi’s pitch
Puja Mehra
Tweet
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches the Make in India logo in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
The Hindu Top industrialists Mukesh Ambani, Azim Premji and Kumar Mangalam Birla at the launch. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
TOPICS
investments
“FDI should be understood as ‘First Develop India’ along with ‘Foreign Direct Investment”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign at a high-profile event on Thursday, which captains of industry from India and abroad immediately joined by committing multi-crore investments and projects in the presence of Mr. Modi.
Speaking on the occasion, Aditya Birla Group chief Kumar Mangalam Birla said his steel-to-software conglomerate already had its manufacturing base in India and now planned to leverage its global production facilities for bringing technology here.
“We too are dreaming big and imagining bold as that is the only way to achieve the Prime Minister’s clarion call,” Mr. Birla said. He further said that at a time when India needed one million new jobs every month to fully harvest its demographic dividend, the Prime Minister’s call could not have been better timed.
The head of India’s largest private sector company, Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries (RIL), called the launch of the campaign a historic day for Indian industry and said, “We are committing ourselves to the movement our beloved Prime Minister had given to 1 billion Indians on Independence Day… The uniqueness of his leadership is that he dreams and he does.”
In the RIL pipeline, Mr. Ambani said, are Rs. 1,80,000 crore of investments and 1,25,000 new jobs over the next 12 to 15 months.
Unveiling the campaign logo earlier, Mr. Modi said “FDI should be understood as ‘First Develop India’ along with ‘Foreign Direct Investment’” while encouraging investors not to just look at India as merely a market but also as an opportunity.
The Prime Minister pointed out that it was crucial to increase the purchasing power of the common man to boost demand and thus spur development.
“The quicker people are pulled out of poverty and brought into the middle class, the more opportunity there will be for global business,” Mr. Modi said inviting global investors to set up cost-effective, high-technology manufacturing in India and at the same time create jobs.
Mr. Modi said he had detected pessimism in the business community over the past few years mainly due to lack of clarity on policy issues. He had even heard Indian businessmen say that they wanted to pack up and set up business elsewhere. This had hurt him and wanted no Indian business should feel a compulsion to leave India under any circumstances. But on the basis of the experience of the past few months, he could say that the gloom had lifted.
The Prime Minister also noted that India ranked low on the “ease of doing business” index and said he was sensitising government officials to the need for “effective” governance.
Increase purchasing power to boost growth: Modi
The launch of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s flagship ‘Make in India’ campaign was simultaneous at the national, State and global level in Indian missions abroad. The ‘Make in India’ initiative has its origin in the Prime Minister’s Independence Day speech where he called for the initiative coupled with a ‘Zero Defect Zero Effect’ policy.
In his inaugural address, the Prime Minister pointed out that it was crucial to increase the purchasing power of the common man in order to boost demand and thus spur development. “The quicker people are pulled out of poverty and brought into the middle class, the more opportunity there will be for global business,” Mr. Modi said inviting global investors to set up cost-effective, high-technology manufacturing in India and at the same time create jobs.
Also speaking at the high-profile launch here, Bosch’s Executive Director Franz Hauber said the mood in India had turned positive after the new government took office and urged it to address the infrastructure issues, work to improve ease of doing business and set up quick single window approvals for investment projects. The change in the mood has created huge optimism for the German technology services company, he observed.
“Under the leadership of Mr. Modi we are greatly encouraged to join the ‘Make in India’ programme that brings together industry and government for crafting a new future,” said Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry.
Wipro Chairman Azim Premji cautioned that it would be the “layers, details and mindsets” that will determine competitiveness of India as a manufacturing hub.
“The government is committed to chart out a new path wherein business entities are extended red carpet welcome in a spirit of active cooperation,” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said earlier speaking at the launch. She assured that the government was closely looking into all regulatory processes with a view to making them simple and reducing the burden of compliance on investors.

Iran urges Opec to halt oil price slideIran urges Opec to halt oil price slide
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d74af62-457d-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More than 30 believed dead at Japanese volcanoPress Trust of India | Tokyo | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:07 pm
Rescue workers on Sunday found more than 30 people unconscious and believed to be dead near the peak of an erupting volcano, a Japanese police official said.
The victims have been described as not breathing and their hearts have stopped, which is the customary way for Japanese authorities to describe a body until police doctors can examine it.
The official from Nagano prefecture police said details of where the bodies were found and their identities were not immediately known. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn’t authorized to speak publicly.
Mount Ontake in central Japan erupted shortly before noon Saturday, spewing large white plumes of gas and ash high into the sky and blanketing the surrounding area in ash. At least 250 people were initially trapped on the slopes, but most made their way down by Saturday night.
Keita Ushimaru, an official in nearby Kiso town, said that Nagano prefecture crisis management officials had informed the town that at four people were being brought down with heart and lung failures, and that there were others in the same condition.
Rescue workers were also trying to bring down the injured who were stranded on the mountain overnight. Military helicopters plucked seven people off the mountainside earlier Sunday, and workers on foot were also helping others make their way down.

Lines in the e-commerce sandeconomy, business and finance
The final factor at play will be the role of brick-and-mortar conglomerates
There are many religions when it comes to calculating how a particular market or an industry will shake-out.
In the automobile industry, for instance, it is universally understood that you need a certain amount of localisation in order to be successful. Smartphone companies, on the other hand, inherently understand that if you aren’t Apple, you live and die by the church of cut-throat pricing and market share.
Practicing cold logic
The e-commerce industry practices a cold logic: sacrifice profits to scale, gain size, and, in the process, kill your competitors.
Flipkart CEO Sachin Bansal, who made waves last week after his company scooped up $1 billion in funding, believes that the Indian e-commerce market has reached an inflection point, the way China did in 2005 when e-commerce powerhouse Alibaba raised $1 billion.
Mr. Bansal isn’t wrong. Year 2014, so far, has been filled with signs of different players preparing themselves for a war of attrition. In February, online marketplace eBay led a sizable investment round into e-tailer Snapdeal, and significantly increased its stake in the company. Two months later, Flipkart acquired online fashion retailer Myntra for over $300 million.
The events of last week — where Flipkart announced its $1 billion funding and Amazon countered with a $2 billion investment — are the latest indication of the kid gloves coming off.
Why is bloodshed imminent? Firstly, the amount of investment that was made public last week — $3 billion — is roughly equal to how much the entire Indian e-commerce market is now worth.
Secondly, Amazon’s decision to counter Flipkart’s announcement is more than just an attempt to stay in the media and investor limelight. By deciding to disclose its $2-billion investment, Amazon is drawing a line in the sand. There will be no golden acquisitions or mergers to save the day, no headlines that read ‘Amazon to acquire Flipkart, end e-commerce battle’ — which may happen in the case of Russia, where local e-commerce giant Ozon is not averse to being bought by Amazon.
More than this, India is a market where Amazon has something to prove. Across the BRIC countries, Amazon has struggled. While most of the struggle is due to local bureaucracy, adverse taxation or investment policies and poor logistics, the ‘Everything Store’ cannot escape the fact that it is not in pole position in most developing countries.
Competitive tension
With this sort of competitive tension building up, the question that needs to be asked is whether the Indian e-commerce market will end up with only one winner.
There are three major ‘horizontal’ players — those who offer everything under the sun — left in the running. Apart from Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon, what is to be made of the smaller horizontal players such as Infibeam and ShopClues? The three choices left to them are: be acquired, die a slow death or somehow make it into the big league. Though the first and third options are not to be discounted, a betting man would indicate that the second outcome is more likely.
What is far more interesting, calculation-wise, is the fate of the strong vertical players such as HealthKart, LensKart and Jabong (to a lesser extent), who have competencies in specific and niche merchandise. Will they be able to retain independency while building a larger and stronger business or will they have to find a strong protector in the way Myntra did?
The final factor at play will be the role of brick-and-mortar conglomerates such as Reliance and the Tata Group. Though there have been rumours of an entry, no CEO has publically backed these plans with his company’s coffers. A deep-pocketed player could very well disrupt the current Flipkart-Amazon-Snapdeal Mexican stand-off, though it does not seem likely.
The only likely winner in the next one or two years, however, will be the customer. Investments will pour into infrastructure, payment gateways and logistics. Not only will prices come down, but the need for an e-commerce talent pool will lead to a better class of jobs than what the IT industry has provided so far.
In a very curious way, the e-commerce sector is leading the charge in bringing the overall Indian Internet and technology industry to a certain level of maturity. Customers can only hope that cut-throat competition in the days ahead will not bring it all crashing down.

Apple braced for explosive Brussels probeApple braced for explosive Brussels tax probe
By Alex Barker, Tim Bradshaw, Vanessa Houlder and Vincent Boland
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6fd0f360-4720-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon s Jeff Bezos: With $1 bn in a year  team India is fab | Full InterviewAlibaba
(Amazon’s main rivals…)
BANGALORE: India has surpassed the highest expectations for Amazon, the company's founder and CEO Jeff Bezos said, promising to keep the money tap open for a business that he announced has sold goods worth more than $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in just over a year of operations.
"We had very high expectations and this team has blown past our highest expectations... It's going extraordinarily well," said Bezos, 50, who is making his second visit to India and his first after Amazon launched its India retail business in June 2013. "The results are very good. Now that's why we are doubling down our investments... If there is an opportunity to invest more, we will. We are not capital-constrained, we are ideas-constrained," he told ET in an interview.
In July, Bezos committed to invest $2 billion in India, just a day after India's biggest online retailer Flipkart announced $1 billion in funding, setting the stage for a battle for top honours in a market that retail advisory Technopak expects to be worth $32 billion (Rs 1.9 lakh crore) by 2020.
With an estimated net worth of $30 billion, Bezos is one of the world's richest men and India is crucial to his plans for Amazon, given the country's size and potential, and especially since it has failed to make much headway in China.
Unfazed by Alibaba
His company launched relatively late in this country. Amazon's share price has fallen by around 20% on the Nasdaq this year, and China's Alibaba is flush with cash after its IPO and ready to challenge Bezos around the world, including India. But Bezos, who swears by the credo of long-term thinking, is unfazed.
"Judging just based on results, I would say we have come exactly at the right time," Bezos said in response to a question about whether he has left India until too late, and let out a full-throated guffaw, one of several that punctuated the 40-minute interview.
Amazon's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal , the Delhi-based company that counts eBay , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors. Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. Alibaba, too, is keen on India, and the Chinese company has the money, experience and ambition to succeed here.
Does Alibaba's $25-billion IPO earlier this month put Bezos under added pressure? "If so, I haven't felt it," he said, bellowing once again with laughter and reiterating his focus on good business results over the long term.
Asked what was his message for Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal of Flipkart (both former employees of Amazon India) especially after it appeared to have tauntingly welcomed him with giant billboards across Bangalore, including one outside the Sheraton hotel where he is staying, announcing its upcoming 'Big Billion Day' sale, Bezos refused to be drawn to speak about competition.
"I have this long-standing practice about not talking about other companies. We have a somewhat unusual or rather unique approach of mostly ignoring our competitors," he said.
With revenue of nearly $75 billion in 2013 and a market value of $150 billion, Amazon is best-known as an online retailer. But it also runs a fastgrowing cloud computing business called Amazon Web Services and makes Kindle tablets and Fire smartphones. Bezos, in his personal capacity, bought The Washington Post newspaper last year. In India, Amazon started its technology operation first and employs a total of about 12,000 staff at offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai and Delhi.
Dressed casually in beige trousers and a light blue shirt, Bezos was unstinting in his praise for country head Amit Agarwal, whose team has made sure that India is the fastest country to reach $1 billion in gross sales for Amazon. "He is going to blush because I am going to say so many good things," Bezos at the start of the interview said about his former technical advisor at Seattle headquarters.
Some of the innovations by the India operation are being exported to the rest of the world, Bezos said, pointing to its 'Easy Ship' service of delivering goods for sellers who don't stock their products with Amazon.
"I am super excited," he said. Traditionally, Amazon has grown organically but it is open to acquisitions in India, Bezos said, as he spoke of the Indian operation along with AWS, Kindle and fashion as the company's new frontiers. "Mostly we grow organically and that's true in India. But if there are opportunities to do acquisitions, we'll always consider."
Asked whether India's marketplace-based e-retailing model was a bother - Amazon operates an inventory-based model at home - Bezos said his company had no issues whatsoever, dispelling a perception that the Indian system was an irritant and he would lobby with the government during this visit to change it. "Our marketplace model is working phenomenally well... I always tell my team that whatever the rules are, we are the ones who would have to adapt to the local rules," he said.
Some five years ago, Bezos made a quiet two-week visit to India, allocating the first half of his trip for business and rest for leisure. The father of four took his nine-year-old son to the main tourist attractions, including the Taj Mahal in Agra and Varanasi, a city now represented in the Lok Sabha by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
"I find India and the people not just energetic but personally energising," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi@Madison Square: PIO cardholders to get lifelong Indian visa | Full coverageMadison Square Garden
("I will make the India of…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi pledged to deliver on his promise of transforming India and meeting people's aspirations through effective governance as he addressed a 20,000-strong crowd at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, sending it repeatedly into rapturous cheers.
"I will make the India of your dreams... together we will serve Mother India," he said. He announced several measures that particularly pleased the audience of non-resident Indians.
Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cardholders will get lifelong visa for travel to India while those on long visits to the country will no longer need to make regular visits to police stations. The PIO and Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) schemes will be unified and US nationals will get longterm visas. In a few months, US tourists will also be able to get electronic travel authorisations and visas on arrival.
In possibly a veiled reference to the US denying him a visa after the Gujarat riots of 2002, Modi said he empathised with those of Indian origin who faced problems in getting visas for the country.
PIO cards are issued to Indians who have been staying abroad for a few generations while OCI cards are given to individuals who are more recent migrants and have taken citizenships of other countries.
Humble origins
OCI cards are practically visas that enable holders to enter India for an indefinite period while PIO cardholders have to apply for separate visas. The merger of these two cards could make PIO cardholders also eligible for the benefits that are enjoyed by OCI cardholders.
"India will advance at a rapid pace," Modi said in his hour-long address, adding that it has three things that no other country has, referring to the 3D mantra that he cited at the launch of the 'Make in India' initiative in New Delhi on September 25 — democracy, demographic dividend (65% of the population below 35 years) and demand.
He also invoked divine benediction for the government's plans in a carefully choreographed event that saw queues forming outside Madison Square Garden very early in the day, with some people getting in queue at 6 am, three hours before the gates opened for the noon event. Many were dressed in saffron, some even in miniskirts in BJP's colours.
Modi spoke of his humble origins and his aspirations for the country. "I got here selling tea... I am a very small man, a common man. I am small, so my heart lies in working for the common man," he said. "But I want to do big things for the little people." Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and said the country was ready for a mass movement to make development possible, likening it to the Independence struggle.
India will not only lead the 21st century, it will also supply the world with workers such as nurses and teachers because populations elsewhere would have aged, he said.
He repeatedly referenced the Father of the Nation, saying what was dearest to Gandhi's heart were India's Independence and cleanliness. "Gandhi got us freedom. Isn't it our duty to rid Mother India of the dirt?" he said, calling for this to be achieved by 2019, the Mahatma's 150th birth anniversary. He also spoke about the Clean Ganga drive and the government's programme to build toilets.
  The prime minister also said he has a dream that by 2022, when India is 75, "no family should be homeless". Modi hailed India's scientific prowess — saying its IT engineers had transformed the country's image from that of a nation of snake charmers to one that made the world dance through the power of the mouse.
The prime minister peppered his speech with witticisms while making various points. To get to Mars, a distance of 650 million km, India spent just Rs 7 a km, which meant the budget for placing a satellite successfully in orbit around the red planet was less than that of the average Hollywood movie.
Apart from his government's skill development initiative, Modi also spoke about the importance of his financial inclusion programme — the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. By signing up 4 crore families in two weeks, it's been proven that the government works, he said.
He said the 'Make in India' programme to boost manufacturing could even be accessed through a mobile phone app. Modi also said anyone could connect with him to make suggestions on MyGov.in.
While rivals were boasting about making new rules during the election campaign that brought him to power, Modi said he had embarked on a programme to get rid of outdated laws. He would be happy to scrap one such law a day, he said.
The queue to enter Madison Square Garden wound around the entire arena from 31st to 33rd street from the morning itself, with chants of "Modi, Modi" and "Bharat Mata Ki Jai" from the crowd, leaving New York Police Department officers bemused and saying they'd never seen anything like this before.
Those who couldn't get into Madison Square Garden thronged Times Square, where the event, organised by the United States India Political Action Committee, was shown live.
The buildup to the speech included acclaimed violinist L Subramaniam and wife Kavita Krishnamurthy performing as an artist painted a portrait of Modi live on stage, starting upside down and then flipping it rightside up as he applied the finishing touches. The event was hosted by Miss America 2014 Nina Davuluri and PBS Newshour Weekend anchor Hari Srinivasan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HK protests drag down Hang SengHong Kong protests keep stocks in check
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84f3b08a-4783-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Want your income to move up Plan your taxes...You are here: Home > Collections > Income
Want your income to move up? Plan your taxes better
Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
(Tax filing data shows that…)
By Sudhir Kaushik
Do you want your income to go up? Who doesn't? That's why a lot of us slog it out, first at school and college, then at the workplace. While many people go through the grind to be able to earn more, they fail to take simple steps that can boost their income significantly.
Tax filing data shows that Indian taxpayers are not taking full advantage of the tax deductions and exemptions available to them.
Nearly 50% of the taxpayers who filed their returns through Taxspanner.com last year, did not fully utilise the tax-saving investment limit under Section 80C. Only one out of four claimed the deduction for medical insurance under Section 80D.
Our analysis shows that younger taxpayers are the worst tax planners. They may have done very well in academics and could be drawing handsome salaries, but most of them score an F in tax matters. According to the tax filing data, those in the 25-30 year age bracket pay a significantly higher tax than the older taxpayers. The average minimum tax paid by a 25-year-old earning Rs 10-11 lakh a year is 12% of his income. However, 34-year-olds with the same income paid only 6% tax.
The busiest professionals are the lousiest at planning their taxes. They happily outsource the job to wealth advisers and investment consultants, who sell them high-commission and low-yield products.
Interestingly, senior citizens are more clued into tax rules and, therefore, manage to curtail their tax liability to a great extent. Data shows that one in every five senior citizen assessees paid no tax even though their average income was `4 lakh a year. Only 26% of the senior citizen taxpayers had not claimed the full deduction under Section 80C.
Taxation rules are not rocket science. Anybody with a basic understanding of arithmetic and tax rules can figure out how much tax he can save. You need to spend just one day to work out a tax plan for yourself. Don't have the time? Look at it this way. If your salary is Rs 90,000, you are earning about Rs 3,000 a day. Take a day of unpaid leave to plan your taxes and you might save Rs 10,000-15,000. That still leaves you with an extra income of Rs 7,000-12,000. Think about it.
The author is CFO and Co-Founder, Taxspanner.Com
FEATURED ARTICLES

ET Wealth: How to get a job if your venture ...How to get a job if your venture did not work out
Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
(Sometimes, it may happen…)
By Devashish Chakravarty
So your enterprise failed. Now what? You will go through a plethora of emotions before you can rationally evaluate your options.
Positive choices include moving on to a job that guarantees an assured income, or pursuing another venture. If you decide to take up a job, here is how you can go about it.
THE RIGHT PLACE
Having been your own boss, the twin goals of freedom and money will seem to conflict when identifying the right job. The smart way is to ignore both independence and money, for the time being. Both will be yours, if you deliver as an employee. So, focus on finding the right place to work and then creating your place in that firm. Identify sectors that you would love to work in.
What draws you to a firm—pedigree, people, product or processes? If it is a particular brand, invest time and effort in reaching out to people working at the firm, getting to know them and learning about the work culture. Once you have enough information on all four parameters, and you are convinced that this is the place to be in, think about how you can contribute to the firm. Note down your thoughts and use them in the following step.
THE RIGHT RESUME
You may have forgotten the last time you made a curriculum vitae (CV). But you must have processed several great and terrible CVs while hiring people for your enterprise. Assume that you are the product, the decision-maker at your target company is the customer, and your CV is the advertisement meant to draw the customer into taking a closer look at the product. Your resume is the single piece of paper that can get you shortlisted for an interview. Invest a few days in getting it right. The first step is to go online to download a few resume formats.
The subheads will include work experience in reverse chronology and education. Reflect on your notes from the previous step on how you plan to contribute to the firm. What achievements in your last enterprise signal your ability to get stuff done? What skills do these achievements reflect? How will you apply those skills to benefit the new firm? Use clear milestones to showcase your risk-taking ability or people skills or sales genius in a way that will catch the attention of your employer.
Finally, write a one page cover letter addressed to your customer describing where you plan to add value and how you bring the right attitude to the table. If there is more than one firm you are interested in, you will have to make different resumes. No two customers are the same and your marketing needs to be customised to suit each one of your target firms.
THE RIGHT PEOPLE
After you have readied the marketing content, identify your customer. Who is the decision-maker with the authority to hire you? Do your research on him. Then speak to people who are close to you and find a referral for your customer. Get in touch with potential referees who can pitch your case or introduce you to your target. Meet them and leave them with three clear reasons on how you can add value to your customer's team.
Finally, request them to share your cover letter and resume. Follow up at regular intervals. Repeat the process with other referees till you are short-listed for an interview.
  THE RIGHT INTERVIEW
At an interview, you will get to make your sales pitch. Preparation will increase your odds of success. Spend time to write down the obvious and the not-so-obvious in questions that your target firm/customer is likely to ask. As a nontraditional candidate, your decision to quit entrepreneurship will come under scrutiny.
Why have you chosen to work for them? Will you quit at the drop of a hat to pursue unfulfilled entrepreneurial dreams? Can you fit in well with a team and inside a structured organisation? Prepare your answers and rehearse them to project confidence. Dress well for the interview and pay attention to your grooming. Focus on the 'what' and 'how' of the gains you will bring to your firm/customer.
THE RIGHT DEAL
The final step is to close the deal at the end of the sales process. Give yourself a valuable gift at this point. Focus only on maximising the amount of responsibility and resources you will get in the new role. Ask the employer for a written commitment on the same. Choose not to negotiate on the financial terms and thus guarantee yourself a successful entry/re-entry into the workforce.
As an entrepreneur, you'll know how an employer is loath to lose an employee who has proven his worth. Within six months to a year in your new job, re-negotiate your compensation based on outcomes you have delivered. If the employer does not meet your expectations, then you can easily leverage your new achievements to get a suitable compensation correction elsewhere. Have a great journey!
TILL YOU FIND A JOB...

Bihar minister denies CM Jeetan Ram Manjhis charge of temple being washed after hisvisitJD (U) Rural Development Minister Nitish Mishra and party MLC Vinod Kumar Singh denied the charge saying Manjhi had been 'misinformed'. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 29, 2014 11:41 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 11:43 am
A day after Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi alleged that a Madhubani temple and its deity were “washed after his visit” during the recent Assembly by-poll, JD (U) Rural Development Minister Nitish Mishra and party MLC Vinod Kumar Singh, who had accompanied the CM to the temple, denied the charge saying Manjhi had been “misinformed”.
It was minister Ram Lashan Ram Raman who had told the CM about the temple having been “washed after the CM visit”. Raman, however, had not accompanied the CM to the temple at Brahmin-dominated Tharhi village under Rajnagar Assembly segment under Madhubani district on August 18.
Rural development minister Nitish Mishra told The Indian Express: “Vinod Singh and I had accompanied the temple which does not have any deity as much but an earthen pind. It is an ancient Kali temple, which has been open to all. DMs, BDOs and other government officials coming from scheduled caste have visited the temple”.
Denying the CM’s allegation of the temple having been “washed”, Mishra said: “No such thing happened. Rather, the CM was overwhelmed with the reception. He may have been misinformed about it. The temple, which is washed twice – 4 am and 4 pm everyday – was in fact could not be washed for the second time on August 18 because of the temple’s preoccupation with the CM visit”.
Mishra said: “Had such things happened, there could have been prompt registration of cases and probable fine on entire village. After all, it was about the CM. But in reality, it had not happened.”
JD (U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh echoed similar version. “Ram Lashan Ram Raman must have been misinformed by his people. Those people should be brought before police and media to give correct version”, said Singh.
BJP state president Mangal Pandey said the truth must come out. “If such things have happened, there should be immediate action such people”.
AICC national media panelist Chandan Yadav said: “If such thing happened, it is a blot on democracy. The matter should be thoroughly investigated”.

Left behind by the charging bulls How to still make gainsMissed the stock rally? Here's how you can still rake in profits
Sanket Dhanorkar, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
bull market
(The consensus is that the…)
Once every year in the Brazilian capital of Rio de Janeiro, almost the entire nation stops and participates in the feverish merrymaking of the carnival. Nobody wants to miss out on the fun. Over the past year, the Indian stock market has also been witness to a carnival of sorts.
Equity investors bid goodbye to a bruising six-year-long volatile market as the sentiment turned decidedly bullish.
However, the similarity between the two carnivals ends here. A large part of the public here completely stayed away from the 'festivities' and only a handful of individuals really benefited from the rally. Most small investors remained on the sidelines, either afraid to venture into the stock market due to their previous bad experience, or unconvinced about the revival story, or both.
If you are among such investors, you are likely to be in a bind now. You can see the rewards that patient investors are reaping and want to get a piece of the pie. However, if you are trying to catch the bus, be aware of what you are getting into. The previous bull markets have shown enough instances of people ending up taking rash decisions as they tried to make up for lost opportunities. In the pages that follow, we lay out a path for all those who have been left behind by the charging bulls.
Should you jump in now?
If you have stayed away from the market all this time, do not be hard on yourself. The extent of the rally has caught even some seasoned market professionals by surprise.
Stocks prices have soared across the board, with some stocks doubling or even tripling in value. The big question is whether the bull market is likely to continue or is a correction waiting to happen? The consensus is that the Indian economy, after a long and exhausting ordeal, is well-placed to clock higher growth in the years to come. A confluence of various positives is expected to provide a big fillip to economic growth and corporate earnings. Nandkumar Surti, CEO, JP Morgan Asset Management Company, says that a combination of factors indicates that corporate profitability should steadily improve over the coming quarters. There is a strong leadership at the RBI and the Centre, proactive steps are being taken by the government to tackle inflation and crude oil prices are low, which augur well for the fiscal and current account deficit. "The equity market indices are a slave of corporate earning numbers and as long as the economic conditions continue to improve, the markets should continue with the positive trend in line with the earnings momentum," adds Surti.
  In a big endorsement of India's growth prospects under a new pro-reform government, global credit rating agency S&P revised India's credit outlook last week from 'negative' to 'stable'. This will further boost investor sentiment and attract a higher foreign flow into the domestic market.
The good news for investors is that most experts are convinced there is still a lot of steam left in the market. Even if you missed the initial rally, there is scope to make gains now. At 27,000, the Sensex may look lofty enough to deter investors from putting in money at these levels. This is where investors are getting the math completely wrong, says Vikas Gupta, executive vice-president, Arthveda Fund Management. Gupta argues that investors should not look at absolute index levels. "Though the market is at an alltime high in terms of absolute levels, such levels are hardly a measure of the true price of the markets."
Indeed, if you look at metrics such as price to earnings (PE) ratio and price to book value (PBV) ratio, the valuations are still below historic levels. This suggests that there is still scope for more gains. When the Sensex hit its previous peak in 2008, it was trading at 28 times its past 12 months' earnings. During the 2010 peak, it was at 24 times. By comparison, at the peak of 27,355 earlier this month, the Sensex PE was 19 (see graph).
Experts say that those wanting to invest in stocks must step in now. Waiting for a correction to get a foot-hold in the market would not be a good idea. Nirakar Pradhan, CIO, Future Generali Life Insurance, says, "More money is lost in the stock market by waiting for correction than in actual correction. Rather than waiting for a correction, one should enter the market and follow a structured approach to investing in equity now." So if you are keen on putting in some money now, go ahead and do it. However, do not step into the market blindly. Make sure you have a proper strategy in place as you look to ride the unfolding recovery.
5 THINGS INVESTORS SHOULD DO NOW
1. Don't be in a hurry to build your equity allocation.
Having missed the rally and given the promise of gains still to be made, many investors would be tempted to dive headlong into the market now. They may try to ramp up their equity exposure in order to make up for the lost time. But diving into the deep end of the pool will not be a good idea, feel experts.

Mkts in green; Sun Pharma top gainer; top 10 picksSensex, Nifty rangebound, Sun Pharma top gainer; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.18PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range on Monday, with gainers including names like TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow bank around its crucial psychological level of 7950.
Sun Pharma (up 2.5 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.86 per cent), BHEL (up 1.6 per cent), TCS (up 1.54 per cent) and Cipla (up 1.1 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
At 3:17 pm, the Sensex was at 26,602.11; down 24.21 points. The broader 50-share Nifty was at 7,958.80; down 10.05 points.
Technically, Nifty has taken support from its 50 DMA and closed comfortably above 7950 level. However, the index continues to trade below its short term moving averages which is likely to induce some amount of pressure at higher levels.
"The market breadth was quite encouraging and revival in midcap as well as small cap stocks indicates that Nifty may continue its upward journey in coming days," LKP said in a report.
"The index is likely to face resistance at 8050-8100 level in short term," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Financial Technologies & MCX: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 10:00 a.m.; Financial Technologies was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 227 and MCX was up 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 794.45.
Federal Bank: Federal Bank has sanctioned a term loan of Rs 500 crore to Cochin International Airport Ltd (CIAL) for the construction of the new International terminal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 124.50.
KFA: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.2 per cent higher at Rs 1.95.
Oil India Ltd: Energy major Oil India said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 605.45.
ONGC: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 407.70.
IDBI Bank: IDBI Bank today said the board of directors has approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and also decided to infuse an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.96 per cent higher at Rs 63.25.
Deepak Fertilisers Ltd: In a bid to take control of the Vijay Mallaya's fertiliser firm MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers has sought support from MCFL's independent directors on its open offer saying that rival bidder Zuari's win will help "wilful defaulter" Mallya continue to head the firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 159.50.
DLF Ltd: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.10 per cent higher at Rs 162.30.
TD Power Systems Ltd: Share of Bengaluru-based TD Power rallied over 7 per cent in trade after the Reserve Bank of India allowed registered foreign portfolios investors to purchase up to 100 per cent of TD Power Systems under the Portfolio Investment Scheme.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.3 per cent higher at Rs 347.95.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modis failure to deliver biggest risk: Jim O NeillFIIS
(The new PM has done a pretty…)
Standard & Poor's upgrade of India's credit outlook is good news but not dramatic, said Jim O'Neill, a noted economist and former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
In an interview with ET, O'Neill, who coined the acronym BRIC in 2001 to describe Brazil, Russia, India and China, said India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated but it all depends on Narendra Modi to deliver to match the increased optimism of foreign investors. Edited excerpts:
Will S&P's India outlook upgrade change investors' outlook towards Indian stocks?
One has to see whether the rating agency's action is following the market, leading the market, or coinciding with the market. Indian markets in particular have performed very well in the last four months since Modi was elected as the prime minister. Obviously, the markets have already become optimistic about India. I don't think the S&P outlook upgrade is dramatic news, but it's definitely good news.
How severe would be the impact of possible interest rate hike in the US on emerging markets including India?
The US monetary policy is crucial for global markets. Investors are starting to worry about the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
The event will be negative for global markets — whether it's developing markets or developed markets — and India cannot do anything about it.
Hence, India should concentrate on the macros over which it has control, and not get worried about what is happening in the US or elsewhere.
Having said that India this time is better prepared than 18 months ago, when the tapering of QE programme was announced.
FII flows into India have slowed down in the past two months and have turned negative in the past few trading sessions. Should markets be worried about it?
Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve. People are anticipating more volatile markets, going ahead, and here India cannot do anything about it.
Indian markets have seen severe bouts of volatility in recent trading sessions. Do you think the bull market is showing signs of fatigue and will consolidate, going forward?
Markets never move in a straight line and that's the reality. The Sensex is up about 26% year to date and things don't move in the same direction every week. Though more volatility in Indian markets will surprise me, people should not be thinking that this is the end of the Indian market rally. India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated, but it all depends on Modi to deliver on increased optimism of foreign investors.
Do you think valuation of the Indian market, which is relatively high compared to many emerging markets, is a cause for concern?
I am not really concerned about valuations. It's quite possible that Indian analysts may not be upgrading before the earnings. As I have said if the broad virtuous cycle continues, where the rating agencies get more happy, the business people get more happy, and Modi takes further economic reforms, then the GDP in the second half of this decade will easily be around 7.5% or more. And if this happens, then the consensus earnings forecast will get revised upwards.
Has the government delivered in line with the expectations of foreign investors?
I think Modi has done a pretty good job so far, based on the intentions of the government. I would like to see the execution of minimum government and maximum governance. I would like to see the reduction in dominance of bureaucracy. I would like to say here for all the things which the government has started, without better governance nothing can be achieved.
Though there are many things which need to be adjusted as people are more optimistic about the new government. There is a need to make strong macroeconomic policy framework, a lot of work has to been done to bring energy efficiency, environmental efficiency. Many restrictions on FDI have to be removed.
Brent crude oil along with other major commodity prices have eased considerably. To what extent will it help in tackling macro challenges?
The easing commodity prices in one way offset to some degree the US Fed's monetary tightening policy. The easing commodity prices also help in bringing down inflation and this makes easier for India to tackle some of its marco challenges.
Do you think the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will reduce interest rates in the near future as easing commodity prices have given respite?
It depends on the virtuous cycle. If the commodity prices continue to soften, going forward, then it will be extremely helpful in reducing Indian inflation. It's important that India's central bank gets greater independence and makes sure that low inflation becomes part of India's culture. I don't think there is a need to rush for lowering interest rates. If the virtuous cycle continues than India would definitely benefit from lower interest rates.
Which are the major risks associated with the Indian markets which investors should be aware of?
Among the major risks to Indian markets, the biggest would be if Modi fails to deliver what he has promised, and second is the possible interest rate hike in the US which is going to impact everybody including India. Apart from these, I don't see any major risks to India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ashraf Ghani sworn in as Afghanistan PresidentUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:14 IST
Ashraf Ghani sworn in as Afghanistan President
Agencies
Reuters Afghanistan's new President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai (L) stands next to Afghanistan's Chief Justice Abdul Salam Azimi as he takes the oath during his inauguration as president in Kabul.
AP Afghan President-elect Ashraf Ghani
TOPICS
government
Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai has been sworn in as Afghanistan’s new President, replacing Hamid Karzai in the country’s first democratic transfer of power since the 2001 U.S-led invasion toppled the Taliban.
He became President of Afghanistan in a peaceful transition Monday after a six-month election season that ended with marathon negotiations that gave the newly created position of chief executive to his challenger Abdullah Abdullah.
Mr. Karzai had been Afghanistan’s only leader since 2001.
“I swear in the name of God the almighty to obey and support Islam, and the constitution,” Mr. Ghani said in the official oath. “I will protect the national sovereignty.”
Two vice presidents were also sworn in.
Nearly 1,400 national and international dignitaries, including more than 200 delegates from the US, China, Pakistan, India and other countries, participated in the ceremony, Xinhua reported.
Security personnel were deployed along the roads leading to Kabul to check all cars and vehicles entering the city.
Afghanistan has now experienced its first-ever peaceful power transition in its history as outgoing President Hamid Karzai transfers power to the new President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai.
AP reports:
Violence ahead of inauguration
Security officials in Afghanistan say militants have carried out two attacks just ahead of the presidential inauguration.
In the eastern province of Paktia, Capt. Mohammed Hekhlas said that a car bomb exploded on Monday near a government compound as gunmen attacked, sparking a gun battle that killed seven Taliban militants. Another police official, who gave his name as Azimullah, said four police and two civilians also were killed.
In Kabul, where the city is readying for the presidential inauguration, a roadside bomb exploded on the airport road. Officials said no one was hurt or killed.
The road links the airport with the presidential palace, where Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai will be sworn in as president later Monday, capping an election marred by fraud allegations and resolved by a unity government pledge.

Mahindra & Mahindra launches new ScorpioUpdated: November 1, 2014 18:10 IST
Mahindra & Mahindra launches new Scorpio
Special Correspondent
cars
Prices for the S2 variant start at Rs.7.98 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai)
Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) launched its next generation Scorpio on Thursday. Built on an all-new platform, the new Scorpio comes with more aggressive styling and advanced features.
Prices for the S2 variant start at Rs.7.98 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai) and it will be available in seven variants (S2, S4, S4+, S6, S6+, S8 and S10). It will be available in 7, 8 and 9-seater options in five colour options — Diamond White, Fiery Black, Mist Silver, New Molten Red and New Regal Blue.
The new Scorpio is powered by the 2.2-litre mHawk engine and a new gearbox. It is also available in a 4x4 option. The advanced features include a 6-inch touch screen infotainment system, smart rain and light sensors, reverse assist and voice assist system. Safety features include dual front airbags and anti-lock braking system, speed alert warning among others.
“The Scorpio was a tremendous leap of faith for us when it was launched 12 years ago, establishing the foundations for the development of an entirely new generation of vehicles,” Anand Mahindra, Chairman, Mahindra Group, said at the launch.

AMD launches FirePro W9100 and W8100 GPUs for 4K workstations in IndiaEyeing the VFX industry in India, AMD has launched its Fire Pro W9100 and W8100 for 4K workstations accelerated by OpenCL.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | Goa | Posted: September 26, 2014 9:24 am | Updated: September 26, 2014 9:28 am
AMD India officially launched its flagship AMD FirePro W9100 professional graphics card in India. The global chip-maker also introduced a lower version of the flagship called FirePro W8100.
The AMD Fire Pro W9100 and W8100 are designed for 4K workstations accelerated by OpenCL. Targeting the VFX industry in India, the FirePro W9100 delivers up to 2.62 TFLOPS peak double precision and 5.24 TFLOPS peak single precision in terms of GPU compute power. The W9100 workstations comes with 16 GB GDDR5 memory and users can multi-task across up to six 4K displays. It is priced at $4,500.
“The W9100 aims to cater to increased demand for real-time 4K productivity and we designed the product based on the input from the industry,” said Raja Koduri, Corporate Vice President, AMD Visual Computing.
On the other hand, the AMD FirePro 8100 is aimed at 4K CAD and Media workflows, engineering analysis and supercomputing applications. It offers 8GB of GDDR5 memory and 4.2 TFLOPS peak single precision and 2.1 TFLOPS peak double precision.
“The FirePro W8100 is designed for CAD and applications dedicated to video editing, color correction, composition, design visualization and GPU-accelerated compute task,” said Koduri.
The W9100 and W8100 supports workstation system integrators which includes Armari, Colfax, , Mouse Computer, PSSC Labs, TAROX, Workstation Specialist, Wortmann.

S&Ps rating upgrade to boost foreign investmentsNew Delhi, September 26, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 01:08 IST
S&P’s rating upgrade to boost foreign investments
Special Correspondent
AP Standard and Poor’s has raised the outlook for India’s “BBB-minus” rating back to “stable” from “negative”. File photo
TOPICS
credit and debt
Improved political setting makes agency revise outlook to ‘stable’
On the back of what it called an improved political setting offering a conducive environment for reforms, global ratings agency Standard & Poor’s raised India’s sovereign outlook from “negative” to “stable.”
The upgrade signals a greater margin of safety on creditworthiness and thus improves India’s attractiveness as an investment destination to foreign investors. The benefits further extend to Indian companies as overseas borrowing rates come down. The stable outlook augurs well for the rupee that has weakened in the past week.
The S&P cited two reasons for the change in outlook. First, a stronger political mandate improves the government’s ability to implement reforms, spur growth and improve its fiscal performance. Then, India’s external account has improved.
At the time of the 15th Lok Sabha election, the S&P said it was watching India for structural reforms, adding that the direction and pace of policy reforms, rather than which political party would come to office, would affect the sovereign ratings.
With the S&P upgrade, all three major global credit agencies have now placed India’s sovereign rating at the lowest investment grade but with a stable outlook. S&P cut India’s rating to “BBB-minus” in April 2012.
All eyes are now on a ratings upgrade, which, S&P said, would be contingent on per-capita gross domestic product trend growth rising to 5.5 per cent annually. This translates into a GDP growth rate of 6.5 per cent to 7 per cent. A failure to implement reforms or deterioration in the fiscal or the external situation could trigger a rating downgrade, S&P cautioned.
Reacting to the news of the upgrade, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram told presspersons that he expected the economy to grow faster than 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal year.
After the news of the upgrade came, Sensex ended higher at the close of trading on Friday, snapping a three-day losing trend, rising by 157.96 points to 26,626.32.
(With additional inputs from agency)

Gold price rises on stray buying supportGold price rises on stray buying support, silver recovers
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 17:17 IST
Gold prices gained modestly, in an otherwise lacklustre and cautious trade at the domestic bullion market in Mumbai on Saturday owing to stray buying support.
Elsewhere, silver recovered owing to renewed industrial buying.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) moved-up by Rs 5 to close at Rs 26,760 per 10 grams from Friday's level of Rs 26,755.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also went up by a similar margin to finish at Rs 26,910 per 10 grams from Rs 26,905.
Silver (.999 fineness) climbed by Rs 225 to conclude at Rs 40,050 per kg as compared to Rs 39,825 Friday.
On the global front, Gold fell as a dollar-driven rally encouraged by U.S. economic growth dimmed bullion's investment appeal, sending the metal's prices towards a key support level at $1,200 an ounce.
Gold for December delivery lost to settle at $1,215.40 an ounce on the Comex division of the NYMEX late Friday, while silver declined to $17.48 an ounce.

J Jayalalithaa convicted; AIADMK workers stage protestspicture  others
J Jayalalithaa convicted; AIADMK workers stage protests
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) party workers cry after the verdict was handed down to party leader and Tamil Nadu state Chief Minister Jayaram Jayalalitha as a court in Bangalore found her guilty of possessing wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income, in Chennai on Saturday (September 27). (Source: AP)
Members of AIADMK stomp on a poster of DMK chief K Karunanidhi during protest. (Source: PTI)
An Indian police officer baton charges an All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) party worker as the party workers protest. (Source: AP)
AIADMK members staging the rail roko protest in Coimbatore over conviction of the party supremo. (Source: PTI)
An injured All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) worker is helped by others to an ambulance during clashes with the opposition Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) party. (Source: AP)
Police men hold an AIADMK supporter who tried to immolate himself in protest. (Source: PTI)
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa was today convicted in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case by a special court, a verdict that raises questions over her continuance on the post.
Jayalalitha, accompanied by her close confidante Sasikala Natarajan, leaving her Poes Garden residence to appear before a Bangalore Special Court in connection with the verdict in a disproportionate assets case against her, in Chennai on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha convicted the 66-year-old AIADMK Chief in a case of owning assets to the tune Rs 66,65 crores disproportionate to her known sources of income during 1991-96 when she was chief minister for the first time.  (Source: PTI)
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalitha leaving her Poes Garden residence to appear before a Bangalore Special Court in connection with the verdict in a disproportionate assets case against her, in Chennai on Saturday.  (Source: PTI)
A supporter of AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalitha cries as the latter leaves her Poes Garden residence to appear before a Bangalore special court in connection with a disproportionate assets case, in Chennai on Saturday.  (Source: PTI)
Related

Panneerselvam to be CM againUpdated: September 29, 2014 09:10 IST
Panneerselvam to be CM again
B Aravind Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu O. Panneerselvam arriving at the AIADMK party office in Chennai. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
The Hindu The AIADMK MLAs unanimously elected the former Finance Minister Paneerselvam as the legislature party leader at a meeting in Chennai on Sunday. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
The Hindu The AIADMK MLAs unanimously elected the former Finance Minister Paneerselvam as the legislature party leader at a meeting in Chennai on Sunday. File photo
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
This is the second time Mr. Panneerslevam will become the Chief Minister of the state.
O. Panneerselvam will be the next Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. He will assume the office for the second time under similar circumstances.
In September, 2001, AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa had to step down as her appointment as Chief Minister was quashed by the Supreme Court.
Thirteen years later, the conviction of Ms. Jayalalithaa by a Special court in Bangalore has elevated him again as Chief Minister.
Mr. Panneerselvam, the AIADMK treasurer, met Governor K. Rosaiah at the Raj Bhavan on Sunday evening and submitted a letter and resolution passed by the party legislators stating that he had been unanimously elected leader of the AIADMK legislature party.
The Governor has since invited him to form the Ministry, according to a Raj Bhavan communiqué.
The swearing-in ceremony is likely on Monday. However, there is no official word on the date and time of the ceremony.
He will be the 28th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu since 1920.

Beware! Your digital life is under threatE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mobilio outsells Ertiga  Innova in its debut...Mobilio outsells Ertiga, Innova in its debut month
By Nabeel A Khan & Deepanshu Tomar, ET Bureau | 29 Sep, 2014, 04.54AM IST
Honda sold 5,539 units of the multi-purpose seven-seat vehicle in August, according to data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: In its first month of launch, Honda Motor's Mobilio has captured the second spot in India's utility vehicles market, outselling Toyota Motor's Innova and Maruti Suzuki's Ertiga.
Honda sold 5,539 units of the multi-purpose seven-seat vehicle in August, according to data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers. The data indicate the Mobilio eating into the market share of similarly sized Innova and Ertiga as well as Ford Motor's compact sportutility vehicle EcoSport. The Ford vehicle kept its fourth place intact as the Ertiga fell two places down to the fifth spot on the list led by Mahindra & Mahindra's Bolero, which still sees strong demand, especially from rural and semi-urban buyers, despite being in the market for many years.
"The response to the Honda Mobilio has been very good from the market. We are confident that it will continue to expand the MPV segment in India," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president for marketing and sales at Honda Cars India. According to Sen, the initial data showed that 42% of the Mobilio customers were from joint families.
In the first month (50 days) of its launch in 2012, Maruti sold 6,802 units of the Ertiga.
Honda sold 5,530 Mobilios in the first month (39 days) despite having a much smaller dealer network. These numbers are of vehicles the companies dispatched from factories, not retail sales.
"Most often it is seen that the first month of launch of a car, the customer response is quite good," said Subrata Ray, senior vice-president, corporate ratings, at ratings firm ICRA .
Experts say apart from the new launch euphoria, the Mobilio has an edge over the Ertiga in terms of space and drive quality. Another factor going in favour of the new vehicle is the reputation of Honda.
"Honda has a much better reputation and Mobilio has been positioned as a personal vehicle while other competitors like Ertiga have mostly fleetowner and commercial buyers," said automobile expert Murad Ali Baig. Mobilio is much more comfortable as a personal vehicle, so it will sustain growth in the short term, he said.
Mahindra's Scorpio fell to the eighth spot in August from fifth, probably because of anticipation of its new version that the company introduced in September.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Mumbai rich list: In 5 yrs  MLAs only grow richer; wealth up 137 pctMumbai rich list: In 5 yrs, MLAs only grow richer; wealth up 137 pct
ZEESHAN SHAIKH | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 12:15  IST
Sep 29 2014, 12:15  IST
 

BSE Sensex  Nifty open lower on profit-bookingMarket update: Sensex ends 29 points lower as interest-sensitive stocks fall
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 17:33 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday fell about 29 points in volatile trade as participants adopted a cautious stance ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday.
Profit-booking and a weakening rupee, which depreciated 47 paise against the dollar to 61.58 intra-day, also weighed on the trading sentiment, stock brokers said.
The 30-share BSE barometer after commencing on a higher note, continued to rise and touched intra-day high of 26,715.77.
However, off-loading of positions by participants and profit-booking in select counters pushed the Sensex back to close at 26,597.11, down 29.21 points (or 0.11 per cent). Intra-day, it had touched the day's low of 26,518.01.
The BSE index gained 157.96 points on Friday after Standard & Poor's (S&P) raised India's outlook to stable from negative.
Amon the 30 Sensex scrips, 21 closed with losses, while nine others ended higher. Interest rate sensitive stocks such as ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, HDFC and Axis Bank edged lower ahead of the RBI policy outcome.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), after moving both ways, ended 9.95 points (or 0.12 per cent) down at 7,958.90. It shuttled between 7,991.75 and 7,934.70 intra-day.
Sentiments turned weak as funds and investors were seen trimming their positions ahead of the monetary policy review by the central bank on Tuesday.
The weakness in rupee against US dollar, helped IT stocks close in the positive zone. Shares of TCS surged 3.17 per cent, Wipro ended 1.18 per cent higher and Infosys gained 1.90 per cent.
Overall trading was tepid in this holiday-shortened week ahead as markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti and Dussehra respectively.
Major losers, which dragged down the indices were Bajaj Auto, Coal India (CIL), Dr Reddy, Hero Moto Corp, Maruti Suzuki, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, Tata Power and Tata Steel.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal sector index suffered the most by plunging 1.11 per cent, followed by FMCG index (0.92 per cent), Banking index (0.91 per cent), Auto index (0.44 per cent), Oil & Gas (0.37 per cent), Realty index (0.25 per cent) and Capital Goods index (0.24 per cent).
Asian stocks ended mixed. European markets were weak in early trade as a measure of euro-area economic confidence declined.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,133.64 crore last Friday.
Barring China and Japan, other Asian markets closed with losses while European stocks too were trading weak in their late morning deals.
Among major losers, Sesa Sterlite was fell most to end 1.65 per cent down, followed by Tata Steel (1.61 per cent), Coal India (1.48 per cent), ITC (1.44 per cent), Bajaj Auto (1.42 per cent), ICICI Bank (1.39 per cent), ONGC (1.13 per cent), Hero MotorCorp (1.12 per cent), Axia Bank (0.90 per cent) and Maruti Suzuki (0.88 per cent).
Other major gainers were Sun Pharma (3.36 per cent), GAIL (2.36 per cent), Hindalco (1.33 per cent), Wipro (1.18 per cent) and BHEL (0.78 per cent).
Among BSE S&P sectoral indices, the Metal index dipped by 1.11 per cent, FMCG by 0.92 per cent, Bankex by 0.91 per cent and Auto by 0.44 per cent, while Healthcare firmed up by 2.21 per cent, IT by 1.81 per cent, Consumer Durables by 1.79 per cent and Teck by 1.50 per cent.
Although the Sensex ended in the red, reflecting rally in second-line stocks, the total market breadth remained positive as 1,855 stocks settled with gains while 1,087 finished with losses.
The BSE Small-cap and BSE Mid-cap indices closed up by 1.49 per cent and 1.01 per cent, outperforming the Sensex.

US economy expected to continue steady recoveryUS economy expected to continue steady recovery
AP Sep 29, 2014, 10.17AM IST
Tags:
economy
(Economists see steady growth…)
Economists see steady growth but remain mixed on their outlook for the health of different segments of the US economy .
Investments by businesses and government, as well as international trade activity, will grow at a faster rate than previously forecast, according to a survey released Monday by the National Association for Business Economics . However, consumer spending and investments in homes will be lower than previously predicted because of Americans' lagging wage growth and trouble obtaining loans.
The predictions come in a quarterly survey of 46 forecasters that was conducted between Aug. 25 and Sept. 9.
Following an unusually high degree of volatility in the first half of the year, the group expects the pace of economic growth to steady, with gross domestic production forecast to grow at a seasonally adjusted annualized rate of 3 per cent in the third and fourth quarters of 2014 and throughout 2015.
Other predictions include:
* An average monthly gain of 228,000 nonfarm jobs in 2014, up from a forecast of 209,000 in the association's last survey in June. Next year, the pace of job growth could slow to 211,000 a month.
* Workers' pay could also increase, with salaries estimated to grow 2.8 per cent in 2014, up from the 2 per cent prediction in June. For 2015, wages are now forecast to grow 2.6 per cent.
* Industrial production should continue to pick up from the 2.9 per cent growth recording in 2013. The economics now estimate that it will be 4 per cent for this year and 3.6 per cent for next year.
* New home construction, however, won't be as rosy. Last year saw an 11.9 per cent increase in new home construction. Back in March, the economists were predicting 9 per cent growth this year. By June, that was down to 3.8 per cent and now stands at a paltry 2.7 per cent increase. The economists think it will rebound next year to 9.2 per cent growth.
* Predictions for home price growth remain unchanged at 5 per cent this year and 4 per cent next year.
* Nearly two-thirds of the economists surveyed say the biggest challenge to the housing market is the inability of prospective buyers to qualify for a mortgage. One quarter said the decline was caused by Americans today preferring to rent rather than own.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Save a life  dont waste timeComments
We’ve seen it in movies — people collapsing, clutching their hearts after a heart attack. But what when it happens in real life? The truth is most people don’t know how to deal with it.
Nowhere close to what is shown in reel life, most heart attacks start slowly, with mild chest pain or discomfort. Often people affected are not sure what is wrong and wait too long before getting help.
Loss of time — according to experts doing very little during the first one hour after an attack usually — is the most common regret among heart specialists, as in more than 50% cases the patients have a greater chances of survival if they are brought to a hospital on time.
“An 80-year-old woman was rushed to our hospital late at night a few days ago as she suffered a cardiac arrest. The family had taken her to a couple of neighbourhood nursing homes before bringing her to our hospital. She was refused admission at both the nursing homes and by the time we received her it was too late. Her heart had collapsed and we couldn’t revive her,” says Dr Purshottam Lal, chief cardiologist, Metro Heart Institute, Noida.
“One must rush a patient straight to the closest hospital equipped to provide specialised care, saving critical time. Till the time hospital transport is arranged, it is advised to try cardio pulmonary resuscitation, an effective first line of treatment for heart attack,” he said.
Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation, popularly known as CPR, is a life saver and ideally every person should have a basic knowledge of conducting CPRs.
“Even if one doesn’t know the correct way of giving a CPR, one must make an effort at least, as in absence of help the patient may be sinking anyway. Sometime even a chest thump works wonders,” added Dr Lal.
CPR must be performed on any person who seems to be unresponsive due to any reason ranging from a heart attack to a stroke, to being struck by lightning, electrocution, drowning or even snakebite, as it can be a life-saver if performed correctly and at the earliest.
Most experts recommend the CPR programme run by the American Heart Association (AHA), wherein emphasis is on CAB — restoring circulation by providing chest compressions, clearing airway and restoring breathing.
“Everyone should know that basic life support programme helps in resuscitation,” says Dr KK Talwar, chairman, cardiology, Max Healthcare.
It is estimated that more than 24 lakh people die in the country every year after a sudden cardiac arrest, of which nearly 18 lakh die before reaching the hospital.
Experts feel more than 12 lakh victims of sudden cardiac arrest could be saved if CPR is taught to even one per cent of the country’s population.
The question, however, is that how is an individual supposed to check for the signs of a heart attack? “If there’s pain in the upper part of the body — chest, neck, arms, back — which isn’t movement related, breathlessness, sweating or at times nausea, it could mean that the person is undergoing a heart attack and must be provided immediate care,” says Dr Anil Bhan, senior cardiac surgeon, heart institute-division of cardio thoracic and vascular surgery, Medanta Hospital.
One must try to rush the person to a hospital within one hour of the attack as anti-clotting medicines work the best during that period. “The idea is to save time. So if an ambulance is taking long to arrive, it’s not a bad idea to bundle up the patient in a car,” said Dr Talwar.
Deaths from heart attacks are going down (4%), owing to advances in treatment and more hospitals equipping themselves to deal with cardiac emergencies. Since nearly 20 lakh people do not make it to the hospital, learning basic life support should be a norm. “Basic CPR is easily learnt, easily taught and easily understood,” said Dr Talwar.

New Afghan president sworn-in after disputedvoteAfghan presidential candidate Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai speaks during a news conference at his resident in Kabul, Afghanistan, Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:22 pm
Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai was sworn-in on Monday as Afghanistan’s new president, replacing Hamid Karzai in the country’s first democratic transfer of power since the 2001 U.S.-led invasion toppled the Taliban.
Ghani Ahmadzai became president of Afghanistan in a peaceful transition after a six-month election season that ended with marathon negotiations that gave the newly created position of chief executive to his challenger Abdullah Abdullah.
Karzai had been Afghanistan’s only leader since 2001.
Ghani Ahmadzai entered the presidential palace wearing a dark black turban popular in the country’s south. His electoral challenger Abdullah, who is slated to fill the newly created position of chief executive, sat two seats away, with Karzai anchoring the spot in between.
Karzai — the only president Afghans and the West has known since the invasion — wore a wide smile as he greeted his presidential guards upon entering the palace. Karzai has said he is glad to be stepping down after more than a decade of what the U.S. ambassador recently said was one of the most difficult jobs in the world.
The inauguration caps a nearly six-month election season that began when ballots were first cast in April. A runoff election in June between Ghani Ahmadzai and Abdullah stretched on for weeks as both sides leveled charges of fraud. The United Nations helped carry out what it said was the most thorough recount in its history, a count that reduced Ghani Ahmadzai’s vote percentage from 56 percent to 55 percent, but still gave him the win.
But the real power struggle was taking place in marathon talks between the two sides, often brokered by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and other U.S. officials. The political deal the sides agreed to created the new position of chief executive that Abdullah will now fill.
U.S. officials have said they expect Ghani Ahmadzai to sign a security agreement with the U.S. shortly after his inauguration to allow about 10,000 American troops to stay in the country after the international combat mission ends on Dec. 31.
Meanwhile, violence continued Monday in Afghanistan. In the eastern province of Paktia, Capt. Mohammed Hekhlas said that a car bomb exploded near a government compound as gunmen attacked, sparking a gun battle that killed seven Taliban militants. Another police official, who gave his name as Azimullah, said four police officers and two civilians also were killed.
In Kabul, where the city is readying for the presidential inauguration, a roadside bomb exploded on the airport road. Officials said no one was hurt or killed.

Buoyed by bypoll show  Mulayam snubsChautalaBuoyed by bypoll show, Mulayam snubs Chautala
Written by Amit Sharma | Meerut |       September 29, 2014 1:27 pm
Comments
Mulayam did not attend the function organised to mark the birth anniversary of former deputy PM and Chautala’s father Chaudhary Devi Lal on September 24.
Former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala and Rashtriya Lok Dal leader Ajit Singh’s are leaving no stone unturned to make the Samajwadi Party and the “Janata Parivar” share a common platform to fight the BJP, but SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav seems in no mood to play ball.
Mulayam did not attend the function organised to mark the birth anniversary of former deputy PM and Chautala’s father Chaudhary Devi Lal on September 24 at Jind in Haryana despite being invited.
He is also expected to skip Kisan Swabhiman rally scheduled on Delhi-Hardwar highway at Partapur in Meerut on October 12. The rally is being organised to put pressure on the NDA government to declare the erstwhile government bungalow of Ajit singh at Tughlaq road in New Delhi a memorial in the name of his father and former PM Chaudhary Charan Singh.
“We have received confirmations from the offices of Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Odissa CM Naveen Patnaik, former Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and others for the upcoming rally, but have not received any communication regarding Mulayam Singh’s participation,” said RLD spokesperson Mukesh Jain.
SP leaders have claimed that the party got substantial votes of the Jat community in west UP during recently held byelections to 11 Assembly seats, leaving ‘Netaji’ confident that they do not need an alliance with the RLD to secure the support of their traditional vote bank.
“Ajit Singh is on a ventilator and is struggling hard for political survival. He is trying to get support of the SP not only for the Mission-2017 in Uttar Pradesh but also for securing a seat in the Rajya Sabha with support of the ruling party in the state. A few seats of the Upper House are getting vacated in November and Ajit will fall short of the magic figure with support of the Congress,” said Gopal Agarwal,a veteran SP leader and state chief of the party’s trader cell.

Afghanistan awaits presidentialinaugurationPress Trust of India | Kabul | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:02 pm
Afghans on Monday watched the country’s first transition of power since Hamid Karzai became president shortly after the 2001 U.S.-led invasion, as a ceremony opened to inaugurate incoming President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai following a long and contentious election campaign.
Ghani Ahmadzai entered the presidential palace wearing a dark black turban popular in the country’s south. His electoral challenger, Abdullah Abdullah, who is slated to fill the newly created position of chief executive, sat two seats away, with Karzai anchoring the spot in between.
Karzai, the only president Afghans and the West has known since the invasion, wore a wide smile as he greeted his presidential guards upon entering the palace. Karzai has said he is glad to be stepping down after more than a decade of what the U.S. ambassador recently said was one of the most difficult jobs in the world.
 
The inauguration caps a nearly six-month election season that began when ballots were first cast in April. A runoff election in June between Ghani Ahmadzai and Abdullah stretched on for weeks as both sides leveled charges of fraud. The United Nations helped carry out what it said was the most thorough recount in its history, a count that reduced Ghani Ahmadzai’s vote percentage from 56 percent to 55 percent, but still gave him the win.
But the real power struggle was taking place in marathon talks between the two sides, often brokered by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and other U.S. officials. The political deal the sides agreed to created the new position of chief executive that Abdullah will now fill.
U.S. officials have said they expect Ghani Ahmadzai to sign a security agreement with the U.S. shortly after his inauguration to allow about 10,000 American troops to stay in the country after the international combat mission ends on Dec. 31.
Meanwhile, violence continued Monday in Afghanistan. In the eastern province of Paktia, Capt. Mohammed Hekhlas said that a car bomb exploded near a government compound as gunmen attacked, sparking a gun battle that killed seven Taliban militants. Another police official, who gave his name as Azimullah, said four police officers and two civilians also were killed.
In Kabul, where the city is readying for the presidential inauguration, a roadside bomb exploded on the airport road. Officials said no one was hurt or killed.

Microsoft launches XBox One gaming console i...Microsoft launches XBox One gaming console in China
By AFP | 29 Sep, 2014, 11.50AM IST
Monday launched its Xbox One game console in China, the first foreign company to enter the potentially massive market after the government lifted a 14-year ban.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SHANGHAI: US technology giant Microsoft on Monday launched its Xbox One game console in China, the first foreign company to enter the potentially massive market after the government lifted a 14-year ban.
The launch, which was delayed a week for reasons Microsoft did not reveal, comes as the US company faces a government investigation for alleged "monopoly actions" regarding other products like its flagship Windows operating system, used on the majority of computers in China.
In January China formally authorised the domestic sale of game consoles made in its first free trade zone (FTZ) in Shanghai, ending a ban in 2000 originally instituted due to worries over content. The FTZ was established exactly a year ago on Monday.
At a branch of Chinese electronics chain store Suning in downtown Shanghai, a salesman said the outlet sold more than 30 limited-edition consoles priced at 4,299 yuan ($699) after staying open past midnight. A more basic package retails for 3,699 yuan ($602) in China.
Buyers were lured by Kinect, which obeys motion and voice commands, but some expressed disappointment at the lack of available games in China - only 10 for the launch.
Prices are also far higher than other markets like the United States , where the website price is $400 for the basic console and $500 with Kinect.
"The console price is too high, the first batch of games has no attraction, can we buy something more practical?" said Diu Dasu in a microblog posting.
Of the ten games, half are sport or racing titles. Others are aimed at younger players, like "Zoo Tycoon" and puzzle-solving game "Max: The Curse of Brotherhood".
So far absent are first-person shooter games like the popular "Call of Duty" series, although Microsoft says it has more than 70 titles in the pipeline to bring to China.
Under the rules of the FTZ, games must pass inspection by cultural authorities, who conceivably could censor content they deem to be obscene, violent or politically sensitive.
Microsoft still beats rivals like Japan's Sony, which makes the PlayStation console, and Nintendo's Wii into the Chinese market.
A joint venture of Sony and Chinese tourism and cultural firm Shanghai Oriental Pearl Group is planning to start operations in the FTZ from December.
Microsoft chief executive officer Satya Nadella last week visited China for the first time since taking the post in February, in what Chinese state media portrayed as an attempt to appease regulators over the investigation.
The head of China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce, which is carrying out the investigation, met Nadella on Thursday and urged Microsoft to "cooperate" in the probe, China Industry and Commerce News reported.

Jaitley may be discharged from AIIMS on Wedn...Arun Jaitley may be discharged from AIIMS on Wednesday
IANS Sep 29, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
AIIMS
(Union Finance Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , who was on Sunday shifted to AIIMS, is likely to be discharged on Wednesday.
Jaitley was shifted to the AIIMS from Max Super Specialty Hospital in South Delhi, and was advised a few days' rest to completely recover from health issues.
"Jaitley's condition is improving. He will most likely be discharged by Wednesday," a senior doctor from the hospital said.
He said that Jaitley has been kept in isolation at the Cardiothoracic and Neurosciences Centre of AIIMS.
Earlier Jaitley, who is also the defence minister, underwent laparoscopic procedure for diabetes management at the Max Super Specialty Hospital.
"Jaitley is under the close observation of a team of doctors led by Balram Airan, a senior doctor at the CN center," the senior doctor said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Kolla raised Rs 22 cr from Rs 30 lakh ventureAjay Kolla
(Ajay Kolla started a forum…)
I come from a family of farmers in Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh. My parents wanted me to become an engineer, so I did a course in electronics and electrical engineering from Vijayawada. After completing my studies in 2007, I joined Infotech Enterprise, a private IT firm, as a trainee. In 2009, I left the firm and joined TCS.
For scores of IT professionals, 2008 was a horrendous year. Thousands of them lost their jobs due to the global slowdown. It was around this time, I started a Google group, TSNV Jobs, to help my out-of-work friends get placed by posting vacancies on the platform. What started as a limited initiative for my friends, became a big hit. Many others started adding their details on the group. Between 2008 and 2010, TSNV Jobs helped nearly 20,000 people get placed. I saw a business opportunity. I had around Rs 10 lakh in savings, and I raised a further Rs 20 lakh from friends and acquaintances for my business venture. The company was named Wisdom Jobs.
Most of this seed capital went into developing an application called Pragnya Meter, a tool to help us test the potential of a candidate. The tool enabled us to assess and analyse a candidate's education and technical expertise, allowing us to present them to the hiring company in a report. The remaining sum was used to take an office space on lease in Hyderabad.
My dec
ision to quit a well-paying job to start my own venture would have troubled my parents. So, I decided not to inform them about my plans and waited till the business was a success. This also meant not visiting them for close to two years. Had I visited them, they would have found out.
On the business front, things did not go as planned. It was a slow start. Cracking my first deal took me around four months. I had to borrow more to pay staff salaries and the rentals. Finally, Hindustan Unilever gave us our first opportunity. The company wanted me to help them recruit 50-60 senior and mid-level officials for a new division they had started. I had build a good network of jobseekers through my Google group and their requirement was met soon.
The deal, in addition to boosting my confidence, also helped generate more business. Wisdom Jobs registered a turnover of around Rs 60 lakh in its first financial year (2010-11). It had a staff of four. I was responsible for bringing in the business and the others managed back-end operations.
From the second year onwards, our business picking up. But we decided to concentrate on the quality of the work that we received. Our aim was to provide quality service and complete customer satisfaction rather than taking every opportunity that came our way.
In 2011 we shifted to a larger office in Hyderabad and in 2013, we opened offices in Bangalore and Chennai.
We have also created an e-university. It is an online learning hub, that helps job seekers hone 6,000 different skills. This allows them to prepare well for job interviews by testing their skill levels. Candidates can take online exams on our portal wisdomjobs. com to ascertain their level of proficiency vis-a-vis a particular skill. They add their skill scores to their resume, adding more credibility to their profile. Top recruiters, particularly from the IT industry, have been using this skill score to shortlist candidates.
  The candidate screening that we undertake by testing them on various parameters via our indigenous Pragnya Meter and other means, helps our clients get the right candidate. This has given our firm a competitive edge. Often headhunter's just pass on a potential candidate to their client which simply increases their burden. Most of our clients' work is already done before they interview the potential employee.
We have a database of around 30 million resumes. Our average annual growth rate since our launch has been more than 100%. In 2012-13, our turnover was around Rs 8 crore. It grew to Rs 22 crore in the 2013-14. This year, we are aiming to bring in Rs 40 crore in revenues. We have a clear road map to achieve this target.
Going ahead, the company plans to build a strong presence in the US market. It is also focusing on developing next-generation recruitment tools, products and search features to scale up the business and widen its reach in the global market. We also plan to start operations in major metros in India and across the world.
As told to Amit Shanbaug
FEATURED ARTICLES

How InOpen Technologies increased its turnover from Rs 11 lakh to Rs 6 cr in 4 yearsHow InOpen Technologies increased its turnover from Rs 11 lakh to Rs 6 crore in 4 years
Amit Shanbaug, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
Educational startup
(Rupesh Shah (Right) and…)
Rupesh Shah was researching for a project at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay, when he first thought about the need to simplify education delivery system in the country. "I began ideating on ways to make academic courses simpler and synching them with skill development," says the 27-year-old Shah.
He teamed up with his supervisor at IIT, Sridhar Iyer, and the duo launched InOpen Technologies in October 2009. The idea was to make learning fun and easy. "We raised a seed capital of Rs 25 lakh for the venture from friends and relatives," says Shah, CEO, In-Open Technologies. A major chunk of the seed money went towards researching for their flagship product, Computer Masti, while the remaining amount was used to get the firm's infrastructure in place, in Mumbai.
Computer Masti, says Iyer, the firm's director, makes computer education fun via its graded learning programme for students from kindergarten to intermediate level. It comprises text books and training support for teachers. The course content is presented in a conversational style—two children, Tejas and Jyoti, having a conversation with Moz, the teacher, and learning computer science in the process.
"The programme is available for CBSE, ICSE, IGCSE and SSC boards. In addition to teaching computer science, the courses help develop thinking and logical reasoning among students," says Iyer.
Shah and Iyer had a hard time getting schools to accept their learning programme. "As it was a new concept, we found it tough to convince schools to accept it, but gradually, Computer Masti began finding takers. By the end of the first year, 2,000 students were using our product," says Shah.
The turnover in 2009-10 was close to Rs 11 lakh and the firm had three employees. In 2010, Shah and Iyer decided to build operations and took a bank loan of Rs 50 lakh. "We got our first round of seed funding of Rs 2 crore in 2011 from Ventureast," says Shah. To expand the reach of their product, Computer Masti was translated into eight Indian languages. Subsequently, the company branched out from schools in Maharashtra to those in Bihar, Assam and Kerala.
"Currently, the product is used by 5 lakh students in over 300 schools across the country. The company, says Iyer, has also helped train around 4,000 teachers. Now, we also work with various state governments and corporates to develop the relevant content," he adds.
InOpen Technologies is looking to expand to other subjects as well. The firm, in collaboration with the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education, at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, recently launched a series of science books for students at the primary level.
"We have also made Computer Masti available in Japan and some West Asian countries in their own languages," says Shah. Meanwhile, e-book offerings from the company have been downloaded in 130 countries, he adds.
The firm now has 71 employees working at its offices in Mumbai and Hyderabad. It registered a turnover of around Rs 6 crore in 2013-14. "This year (2014-15), we aim to reach out to 1,000-1,200 schools across the globe and have tied up with several partners to meet this target," says Shah.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nobody lost money on D-Street over last 12 yrs!(Indian stock market offered…)
MUMBAI: Do stocks really beat all other investments in the long run?
That's the question many individual investors are asking as the debate on supremacy of stocks over other investment avenues such as debt, gold and real estate, among others, rages.
Investment experts usually ask investors to bet on stocks to fund their long-term future goals. But some, in fact, question their invincibility.
Sure, such debates are not uncommon among investor communities.
However, their timing - Indian stock market offered handsome returns last year and is expected to do well in the next 3-4 years - has surprised many participants and investors alike.
"I think these debates are just a way to reinforce the conviction of the participants," says A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund , who still thinks that stocks are the best bet for long-term goals. Rajesh Krishnamurthy, managing director, iFast Financial, believes that it shows that a section of investors has doubt about sustainability of the current rally in the market. "They seem to believe that the market has risen on the basis of feel good factor on hopes of great work by the new government and it is not backed by fundamentals," he reasons.
Supremacy challenged?
A host of point-to-point comparisons of the performance of the BSE Sensex vs other investments have started doing the rounds in the last few months. The idea was to show which one has an edge, depending on the intention of the study. The votaries of stocks were quick to point out the futility of point-to-point comparisons, pointing out that these points were fleshed out to prove the theory the author wants to make. Interestingly, they resort to the same tactic to underscore the seeming invincibility of stocks. A new theory suggests nobody has lost any money in the market in the last 12 years.
Gaurav Mashruwala , a seasoned financial planner, dismisses such comparisons.
"You can't compare apples and oranges. So, comparing one asset class against another doesn't serve any purpose," he stresses. When you are buying a stock, you are becoming an owner of the business, whereas you are a lender while putting money in a debt instrument. You get interest for lending money at a fixed rate. On the other hand, when you become the owner of business, you earn a part of the profit which is not pre-determined.
He also points out that most of the studies are flawed. For instance, the BSE Sensex doesn't give total returns as dividend earned is not factored in.
Also, a debt investment like PPF reinvests the interest. "So, you are taking money out (dividend) of one (Sensex) and the money (interest) is reinvested in another (debt investment), which distorts the result," he explains.
Experts echo his vew, who say they continue to believe that stocks are the best investment option to secure long-term financial goals.
Shut noise out Krishnamurthy says investors should shut the noise out and continue to bet on stocks for long-term goals. According to Balasubramanian, investors should understand that they need to invest in a mix of equity and debt to meet their various objectives. "Look at how gold has performed in the last few years. Or look at real estate. People are struggling to sell their investments in real estate.
In such a scenario, where would you invest?" he asks, before quickly clarifying that it has to be in a mix of stocks and debt.
Mashruwala recommends stocks after considering a host of factors.
One, they can give you superior returns (around 15% CAGR) long term. "Yes, unlike debt investments, the returns are not linear in stocks.
In a decade, probably you will have nine bad years and one great year.
But stocks can beat inflation by a large margin," he points out. Liquidity is another major factor that favours stocks. This gives them a lot of manoeuvrability over other investments, he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Patel Logistics at 20% upper circuit on tie-up with AmazonAmazon
(Once the products reach…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Patel Integrated Logistics were locked at 20 per cent upper circuit after the company entered into an air cargo alliance with Amazon.
Patel Logistics will be responsible only for moving goods from one airport to another. Once the products reach the respective airports, Amazon's other vendors such as Gati, Blue Dart and FedEx handle last-mile delivery.
"E-commerce offers good opportunity for logistics companies. Our alliance will give Amazon a competitive advantage. We are now gearing up for the festive season," said Areef Patel , vice chairman of Patel Logistics told ET.
Demand for next-day delivery, which Amazon started in December last year, is rising rapidly in smaller cities and towns that are not necessarily well connected. Customers will have to pay Rs 99 per order for the speedier service.
Patel Logistics reported a net profit of Rs 78 lakhs during quarter ended June 2014 against a net profit of Rs 12 lakhs in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
Revenues in June'14 increased to Rs 148.39 crore from Rs 120.80 crore in year-ago period.
At 11:40 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 54.05, up 20 per cent, on the BSE. There were 1.38 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IDBI Bank shares gain after board raises rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15k crIDBI Bank shares gain after board raises rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 12:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
IDBI Bank shares on Monday rose by over 3 per cent as its board of directors approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and infusing an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
The bank's scrip gained 3.35 per cent to Rs 64.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the stock was up 3.34 per cent to Rs 64.80.
The Board of Directors approved "enhancement in rupee borrowing limit from the present limit of Rs 4,000 crore to Rs 15,000 crore, subject to compliance with all applicable laws," IDBI Bank said in a filing to the BSE on Friday.
It also gave its nod to "infusion of additional capital of Rs 58.34 crore by way of equity in IDBI Asset Management, bank's subsidiary company, to meet the growth requirements of IAML besides maintaining net worth," the bank said.

Israels shadowy Mossad looks to recruitonlineFILE - In this Nov. 30, 2010, file photo, director of Israel's Mossad spy agency Tamir Pardo stands outside his home in Nirit, Israel. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Tel Aviv | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:52 pm
It used to be that if you wanted to join one of the world’s most secretive espionage organizations you had to sneak into a foreign embassy, answer a cryptic newspaper ad or show up in a nondescript building in Tel Aviv to meet a shadowy recruiter. Now all it takes to apply for a job at Israel’s Mossad spy agency is a click of the mouse.
The typically shadowy Mossad revamped its website last week to include a snazzy recruiting video and an online application option for those seeking employment. With versions in Hebrew, English, French, Russian, Arabic and Persian, the sleek site looks to revolutionize the way Israel’s legendary agency seeks out potential agents after generations of backdoor, cloak-and-dagger antics.
“We must continue to recruit the best people into our ranks so that the Mossad might continue to lead, defend and allow for the continued existence of the state of Israel,” Mossad Chief Tamir Pardo said in a statement announcing the launch. “The Mossad’s qualitative human capital is the secret of our success.”
The Mossad, Hebrew for “The Institute,” is short for the “Institute for Intelligence and Special Operations.” It is the global arm of Israel’s vaunted intelligence community and believed to be behind some of the most daring counterterrorism covert operations of the past century. Only a few have come to light, such as the killing of the leaders of Black September – the Palestinian group behind the massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympic Games – and Israeli assassinations across Africa, Europe and the Middle East.
There’s more to the Mossad than its James Bond aura, however, and you are more likely to land a job in its technology, cyber or administration departments than you are to become an international man – or woman – of mystery. But the site alludes to its secretive nature with a video showing satellites and drones hovering as well as men and women dressed in suits hacking into computers and carrying out surveillance operations.
A narrator says “your imagination is my reality” and the banner at the top of the page reads “join us to see the invisible and do the impossible.”
Aside from its initial announcement, the agency has been tightlipped about the new media strategy. But at least one former operative thinks the outreach is a good idea.
“It’s the 21st Century. This gives them the chance to reach the kind of people they have never reached before,” said Gad Shimron, who served in the Mossad for a decade and later wrote “Mossad Exodus,” a book about its secret operation to bring Ethiopian Jews to Israel. “They’ve got nothing to lose. If continued…

EC slaps notice on INLD candidate for riding elephant on way to filepapersEC slaps notice on INLD candidate for riding elephant on way to file papers
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Chandigarh |       September 29, 2014 1:19 pm
Comments
The Election Commission has slapped a notice on the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) candidate from Nuh for riding an elephant while
going to file his nomination, and animal rights activists have approached police to register an FIR against him.
Zakir Hussain was served a notice by the returning officer of Nuh and asked to send a clarification in two days on using the elephant.
It says that use of animals is banned under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act and the candidate clearly violated the code of conduct.
Abhishek Kadian, member of the state board for wildlife, had sent a complaint to the returning officer on the issue. He also sought action against the INLD for allegedly failing to educate its leaders on animal rights.
The Indian chapter of the Indian People for Animals (OIPA) also sent a representation to the EC, seeking action against all candidates who abuse animals during their campaign.
The complaint stated, “On September 26, 2014, Zakir Hussain, candidate of INLD, abused male elephant while submitting his nomination, wild animal was badly abused, could have damaged public property and life due to heavy crowd and public nuisance. Moreover, no permission was obtained from the competent authorities before using the male elephant, hence, abuser custodian be also booked for the violation of the terms and conditions of the ownership because elephant can not abused for these kinds of political functions.”
The OIPA sought confiscation of the elephant besides asking the government to cancel ownership of male elephants.
Kadian of the OIPA has sent a number of representations to the EC regarding misuse of animals in campaigns, following which the EC issued an advisory to parties.
“The commission has received representations from OIPA India, alleging that animals like horses, ponies, donkeys, elephants, camels and bulls are subjected to cruelty in different ways in connection with election campaigns,” the advisory states.
Kadian in his representation alleged that animals are often made to carry loads beyond permissible limits, made to work long hours,
and some candidates even paint slogans and election symbols on them using harmful chemicals.
“Bulls, donkeys, elephants and other animals used in election campaigns are commonly beaten, pushed into crowds, overloaded
and otherwise abused. They are often undernourished and denied adequate food and water. Wounds and other injuries are common,” he said.

Modis failure to deliver is biggest risk for D-Street  says Jim O NeillFIIS
(The new PM has done a pretty…)
Standard & Poor's upgrade of India's credit outlook is good news but not dramatic, said Jim O'Neill, a noted economist and former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
In an interview with ET, O'Neill, who coined the acronym BRIC in 2001 to describe Brazil, Russia, India and China, said India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated but it all depends on Narendra Modi to deliver to match the increased optimism of foreign investors. Edited excerpts:
Will S&P's India outlook upgrade change investors' outlook towards Indian stocks?
One has to see whether the rating agency's action is following the market, leading the market, or coinciding with the market. Indian markets in particular have performed very well in the last four months since Modi was elected as the prime minister. Obviously, the markets have already become optimistic about India. I don't think the S&P outlook upgrade is dramatic news, but it's definitely good news.
How severe would be the impact of possible interest rate hike in the US on emerging markets including India?
The US monetary policy is crucial for global markets. Investors are starting to worry about the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
The event will be negative for global markets — whether it's developing markets or developed markets — and India cannot do anything about it.
Hence, India should concentrate on the macros over which it has control, and not get worried about what is happening in the US or elsewhere.
Having said that India this time is better prepared than 18 months ago, when the tapering of QE programme was announced.
FII flows into India have slowed down in the past two months and have turned negative in the past few trading sessions. Should markets be worried about it?
Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve. People are anticipating more volatile markets, going ahead, and here India cannot do anything about it.
Indian markets have seen severe bouts of volatility in recent trading sessions. Do you think the bull market is showing signs of fatigue and will consolidate, going forward?
Markets never move in a straight line and that's the reality. The Sensex is up about 26% year to date and things don't move in the same direction every week. Though more volatility in Indian markets will surprise me, people should not be thinking that this is the end of the Indian market rally. India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated, but it all depends on Modi to deliver on increased optimism of foreign investors.
Do you think valuation of the Indian market, which is relatively high compared to many emerging markets, is a cause for concern?
I am not really concerned about valuations. It's quite possible that Indian analysts may not be upgrading before the earnings. As I have said if the broad virtuous cycle continues, where the rating agencies get more happy, the business people get more happy, and Modi takes further economic reforms, then the GDP in the second half of this decade will easily be around 7.5% or more. And if this happens, then the consensus earnings forecast will get revised upwards.
Has the government delivered in line with the expectations of foreign investors?
I think Modi has done a pretty good job so far, based on the intentions of the government. I would like to see the execution of minimum government and maximum governance. I would like to see the reduction in dominance of bureaucracy. I would like to say here for all the things which the government has started, without better governance nothing can be achieved.
Though there are many things which need to be adjusted as people are more optimistic about the new government. There is a need to make strong macroeconomic policy framework, a lot of work has to been done to bring energy efficiency, environmental efficiency. Many restrictions on FDI have to be removed.
Brent crude oil along with other major commodity prices have eased considerably. To what extent will it help in tackling macro challenges?
The easing commodity prices in one way offset to some degree the US Fed's monetary tightening policy. The easing commodity prices also help in bringing down inflation and this makes easier for India to tackle some of its marco challenges.
Do you think the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will reduce interest rates in the near future as easing commodity prices have given respite?
It depends on the virtuous cycle. If the commodity prices continue to soften, going forward, then it will be extremely helpful in reducing Indian inflation. It's important that India's central bank gets greater independence and makes sure that low inflation becomes part of India's culture. I don't think there is a need to rush for lowering interest rates. If the virtuous cycle continues than India would definitely benefit from lower interest rates.
Which are the major risks associated with the Indian markets which investors should be aware of?
Among the major risks to Indian markets, the biggest would be if Modi fails to deliver what he has promised, and second is the possible interest rate hike in the US which is going to impact everybody including India. Apart from these, I don't see any major risks to India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets trade in a range; top 10 stocks in focusSensex, Nifty rangebound, Sun Pharma top gainer; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.18PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range on Monday, with gainers including names like TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow bank around its crucial psychological level of 7950.
Sun Pharma (up 2.5 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.86 per cent), BHEL (up 1.6 per cent), TCS (up 1.54 per cent) and Cipla (up 1.1 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
At 3:17 pm, the Sensex was at 26,602.11; down 24.21 points. The broader 50-share Nifty was at 7,958.80; down 10.05 points.
Technically, Nifty has taken support from its 50 DMA and closed comfortably above 7950 level. However, the index continues to trade below its short term moving averages which is likely to induce some amount of pressure at higher levels.
"The market breadth was quite encouraging and revival in midcap as well as small cap stocks indicates that Nifty may continue its upward journey in coming days," LKP said in a report.
"The index is likely to face resistance at 8050-8100 level in short term," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Financial Technologies & MCX: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 10:00 a.m.; Financial Technologies was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 227 and MCX was up 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 794.45.
Federal Bank: Federal Bank has sanctioned a term loan of Rs 500 crore to Cochin International Airport Ltd (CIAL) for the construction of the new International terminal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 124.50.
KFA: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.2 per cent higher at Rs 1.95.
Oil India Ltd: Energy major Oil India said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 605.45.
ONGC: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 407.70.
IDBI Bank: IDBI Bank today said the board of directors has approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and also decided to infuse an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.96 per cent higher at Rs 63.25.
Deepak Fertilisers Ltd: In a bid to take control of the Vijay Mallaya's fertiliser firm MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers has sought support from MCFL's independent directors on its open offer saying that rival bidder Zuari's win will help "wilful defaulter" Mallya continue to head the firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 159.50.
DLF Ltd: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.10 per cent higher at Rs 162.30.
TD Power Systems Ltd: Share of Bengaluru-based TD Power rallied over 7 per cent in trade after the Reserve Bank of India allowed registered foreign portfolios investors to purchase up to 100 per cent of TD Power Systems under the Portfolio Investment Scheme.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.3 per cent higher at Rs 347.95.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modis enigma fuels hope for many  fear for someNew York, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 12:46 IST
Modi MSG speech
Modi’s enigma fuels hope for many, fear for some
Narayan Lakshman
The Hindu Protesters take to the streets in New York City, outside the venue of Prime Minister Modi's reception in Madison Square Garden. Photo: Narayan Lakshman
VIDEO
heads of state
It was literally the ambience of a sold-out rock concert at Madison Square Garden (MSG) on Sunday as Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to a revolving stage and wowed the Indian-American community off its feet.
With a palpable sense of breathless excitement over the opportunity to see Mr. Modi in person after his long absence from the U.S., conversations with numerous young Indian-Americans in the arena seemed to suggest that it was the Prime Minister’s economic agenda that was the primary source of their optimism.
However, similar discussions with a wide range of organisations protesting against Mr. Modi and his U.S. visit just outside the venue on the street suggested that a very different aspect of the Prime Minister’s agenda was the source of deep concern – his social and political views.
Speaking to The Hindu on the tenth floor of MSG, Suman Narayan, a young Indian-American based in San Jose, California, who had travelled to New York solely to be a part of the festivities here, said that Mr. Modi’s presence in the U.S. had energised the community and created a sense of optimism for the future of India’s role in the world.
While Mr. Narayan expressed confidence that this would lead to more investment into research and development in India, especially if the U.S. looks to capitalise on the change in the Indian Government, he seemed less sure of Mr. Modi’s political or social agendas other than the promise of investment and growth that they held out.
Similarly, another Indian-American, Dhananjay, who hailed from Long Island in New York, and proudly sported a ‘Modi T-shirt’ along with his wife and two children spoke of his interest in bilateral security cooperation, counterterrorism and technology sharing, yet noted that “growth and development,” were the main reasons for supporting Mr. Modi, less so any religious or cultural dimension of Mr. Modi’s political agenda.
However, this very aspect of the BJP’s politics appeared to be a source of concern for people such as Prachi Patankar of the South Asia Solidarity Initiative, one among a number of human rights groups that came together under the umbrella of the Alliance for Justice and Accountability (AJA) to spearhead the protests in close proximity of Mr. Modi’s community reception.
Ms. Patankar explained to The Hindu that the message of the AJA, which said in a statement that it represented the 70 per cent of Indians who did not vote for Mr. Modi, was that “Even within 100 days we have seen things that tell us what the future will be like,” and her concern was that Mr. Modi’s development and social model did not protect vulnerable segments and minorities.
For example, she said, since the new government assumed office environmental protections had, in some cases, been rolled back to make way for mining and extraction projects; the “Gujarat model” of development continued to be criticised for not alleviating inequality across income groups; the nutritional status of the girl children in the State was a question mark; and the “reverberations” of the 2002 anti-Muslim pogrom in Gujarat were felt again during the Muzaffarnagar riots of 2013 and beyond.
“The minorities of India are going to continue to feel the impact of this,” she added, further highlighting that many Indian-Americans felt differently about Mr. Modi because they prioritised the commercial benefits that could accrue from a resurgent economy under him, even if this had not yet happened.
Finally, Dr. Amarjeet Singh of the Khalistan Affairs Centre was leading a large group of Sikh protestors during the latter half of Mr. Modi’s speech, and he said that his community feared the rise of fascist forces in India and wanted to remind America about the allegations made, even by U.S. Congressional commissions, that Mr. Modi was linked to the curbing religious freedoms in India.

New gas price needed fast to boost output: AnalystsNew gas price needed fast to boost output, say analysts
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 19:00 IST
State-run explorer Oil and Natural Gas (ONGC) has said it needs $6-7.15 per unit to break even on gas it plans to produce from its KG basin block and a price of between $5.25-17.80 per unit to break even on production planned from seven small fields in the western offshore. (Picture: Reuters)
With the cabinet deferring till mid-November its decision on revising domestic natural gas prices, analysts said it needed to be announced quickly as non-remunerative prices for producers and policy uncertainties had led to plunging domestic output.
The government in June had previously deferred a decision on revising the current price of $4.2 per unit till September 30 for holding wider consultations.
"The government needs to quickly fix the pricing policies for oil and gas as part of a broader objective of enhancing India's energy security. Non-remunerative pricing and policy uncertainties have led to sluggish domestic production, resulting in rising energy deficit and imports," Kotak Institutional Equities said in a report.
"Higher natural gas (and crude oil) prices are essential to sustain the extant production of the upstream companies, given rising operating costs and significant reinvestment in mature fields to simply sustain production," it added.
Financial services firm UBS as well as Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) expected a gas price of around $6.5 per unit to be approved as opposed to $8.3-8.4 per unit accepted by the previous UPA government on the basis of a formula recommended by the C. Rangarajan Committee.
"While there is no clarity on the implementation timelines, we assume increased prices to be effective from January 2015 onwards or latest by April 2015," UBS said.
UBS believes gas prices will be increased as "the rationale for high cost of developing new gas fields has been well debated, and domestic production needs to be raised to offset imports of higher-priced LNG."
UBS estimates the current fiscal's negative earnings per share impact could be 4-10 per cent for all gas producers "and this would also push back gas production ramp up over the medium term".
BofA-ML expected no more delays with the decision as the government lawyer has told the apex court it will be done by November 14.
The Supreme Court is hearing two public interest litigations (PIL) against a price hike for gas from Reliance Industries KG-D6 block in the eastern offshore. In its last hearing September 18, the court had asked the government to clarify its stand on the gas price hike decision taken by the UPA government.
The four-member Committee of Secretaries (CoS) set up by the government to review the gas-pricing formula has submitted its report to the petroleum ministry. The committee's brief is to examine the whole range of issues related to gas pricing, including the Rangarajan Committee formula, which was approved by the previous UPA government but could not be implemented as the Election Commission barred price announcement in the period leading up to general elections.
Meanwhile, a committee led by former finance secretary Vijay Kelkar has recommended market-linked pricing for domestic natural gas.
A consultation paper sent to the petroleum ministry by the Kelkar Committee, formed by the previous UPA government last year to suggest a roadmap for cutting import dependency in the hydrocarbon sector by 2030, has suggested market determined pricing for natural gas to make new exploration and production activities viable.
The Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Rangarajan panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
In their submission to the secretaries' panel, energy producers have called for a natural gas pricing policy that is "legitimate, relevant and credible" to maintain investor interest in the Indian hydrocarbons exploration sector.
State-run explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp has said it needs $6-7.15 per unit to break even on gas it plans to produce from its KG basin block and a price of between $5.25-17.80 per unit to break even on production planned from seven small fields in the western offshore.

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella visits India Development CentreMicrosoft CEO Satya Nadella visits India Development Centre in Hyderabad
IANS     Hyderabad   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 13:43 IST
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella (Photo: Reuters)
Microsoft Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Satya Nadella on Monday addressed the employees at the company's India Development Centre (IDC) in Hyderabad.
Nadella, who is on a hush-hush visit to the city, shared his vision during the address at IDC, the biggest campus of the software giant outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US.
A company official told IANS that the CEO visited the IDC campus located at Gachibowli in the morning.
Nadella later held a closed-door meeting with the top officials of the company at IDC, set up here in 1998.
There was no official word about Nadella's other engagements in the city. He is likely to leave for New Delhi later in the day and attend a few programmes in the national capital Tuesday before returning to the US.
For Hyderabad-born Nadella, this is his first visit to India after taking over as the CEO.
He arrived in the city Sunday and met Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao. The visit was kept a closely guarded secret and the media was not informed.
There was no official statement about the meeting. Even pictures were not taken during the meeting. Sources described the half-an-hour long meeting as a courtesy call.
Nadella reportedly spoke to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu over phone. It was not clear if Microsoft CEO will meet Naidu, who is in Visakhapatnam to inaugurate a technology incubation centre.
An alumni of Hyderabad Public School (HPS), Nadella, 47, is son of former Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer B.N. Yugandhar. His wife is the daughter of another retired IAS officer K.R. Venugopal.

Indias FY15 GDP seen at 5.5%Save this video
Copy URL
DK Joshi, Director and Chief economist, Crisil said that GDP pick up will be mild and gradual and he sees India’s FY15 GDP at 5.5%. He also said that India is better placed in case US Federal Reserve hikes rates, as it is less vulnerable to external shocks.
36

First pictures from Mars arrive  Mangalyaan  doing wellComments
The Mangalyaan spacecraft beamed its first photos of Mars' crater-marked surface on Thursday, a day after India successfully put the probe into the red planet's orbit.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) posted one of the photos, titled First Light, on its Facebook page, showing an orange surface with dark cavities, taken from a distance of 7,300 km. Isro also posted the photo on Twitter with the note, "The view is nice up here."
An Isro team led by agency chief K Radhakrishnan met the Prime Minister in Delhi on Thursday with hard copies of all the pictures taken by the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) probe. The space agency will release all the photographs this afternoon.
Photo courtesy: Isro's Facebook page
Isro officials said the photos proved that Mangalyaan is in "good health" and performing its duties well.
"Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on," a senior Isro official told HT.
The probe has been placed in an elliptical orbit around Mars and it will be closest to the planet at 377 km and farthest at 80,000 km.
India joined an exclusive global club of deep space explorers on Wednesday when the indigenously-made Mangalyaan spacecraft successfully slipped into the orbit around Mars after a 10-month journey on a relatively shoe-string budget.
The Mars Orbiter Mission, nicknamed MOM, cost just Rs. 450 core, about a tenth of the amount US space agency NASA spent on sending the Maven spacecraft to Mars and about three-quarters the amount to make the Oscar-winning movie Gravity about astronauts stranded in space.
— Hindustan Times (@htTweets) September 25, 2014
The 1,350-kilogram orbiter will now circle the planet for at least six months, with solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on Martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on Mars.
It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on earth that could come from geological processes. None of the instruments will send back enough information to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form and what conditions might make life possible.
The image showed an orange surface with dark cavities. “The view is nice up here,” Isro said on Twitter.

Look East  Link West  says PM Modi at Make in India launchLook East, Link West, says PM Modi at Make in India launch
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 10:23 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:10 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his 'Make in India' programme on Thursday, ahead of his maiden visit to the US, rolling out the red carpet to investors through a string of measures including easier norms and rules aimed at transforming India into a manufacturing hub.
The Make in India programme, first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month, will lay emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement.
Catch all the live updates of the high-voltage launch here and know about the scheme.
Highlights of the Make in India campaign launch
 
What is the Make in India initiative?
It is PM Modi's signature initiative to urge companies - local and foreign - to invest in India.
What does the initiative contain?
It contains a raft of proposals designed to get foreign companies to set up shop and make the country a manufacturing powerhouse.
How was the initiative launched?
The 'Make in India' programme was first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month. On Thursday he will launch it during an event at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi that will be beamed live not just across the country but to gatherings of industrialists across the world.
What are the initiative's focus sectors?
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
What about easing of foreign investment rules?
As part of the plan, foreign investment caps in construction will be eased to enable greater participation in the NDA government's 100 smart cities project and affordable housing. FDI caps in railways and defence production have already been eased to 100% and 49%, respectively.
Why is there a need to focus on manufacturing sector?
The government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to China as costs and risks there rise. The objective is also to ensure solid growth and employment creation. During 2005-12 India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
How does the government plan to ease doing of business in India?
# Global investors have been unsparing in their criticism about complex rules and bureaucratic red tape that delay investment decisions.
# India ranks a lowly 134 out of 189 countries in the World Bank’s ease of doing business index in 2014. It slipped three places from its 2013 rank.
# The government has set up an investor facilitation cell Invest India, which  will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
# All central government services are being integrated with an e-Biz single window online portal.
# States have been advised to introduce self-certification.
# The ministry of home affairs have been asked to give all security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
# A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ( http://www.makeinindia.com ). The portal will go live on September 25.
# While an exhaustive set of FAQs on this portal will help investors find instant answers to their general queries, the back-end support team of the cell would answer specific queries within 72 hours.
# A pro-active approach will be deployed to track visitors for their geographical location, interest and real time user behaviour.
# Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on the information collected.
# Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter.
# The investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure.
# The initiative will also target top companies across sectors in identified countries.
# A vast number of defence items have been de-licensed.
# The validity of industrial license has been extended to three years.
# With a view to providing flexibility in working hours and increased intake of apprentices for on the job training, the government has decided to amend a number of labour laws.
# The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December.
# An advisory has been sent to all departments/state governments to simplify and rationalise regulatory environment which includes online filing of all returns in a unified form.
# There would be no inspection without the approval of the head of the department, etc.

Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa sent to jail in graft caseTamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa sent to jail in graft case
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 21:05 IST
File photo of AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa whom a special court convicted in a disproportionate asset case in Bengaluru on Saturday. Photo: PTI
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was on Saturday sentenced to four years in jail in an 18-year-old corruption case and fined a staggering Rs 100 crore by a special court whose verdict unseats her from the post and could send her to political exile for 10 years.
The first conviction of a sitting Chief Minister in a corruption case, which has triggered speculation as to whom she chooses to succeed her, comes as a massive blow to Jayalalithaa who had won nearly two-thirds majority in the assembly elections in 2011 and which are due in 18 months.
The names of senior minister O Panneerselvam, who had taken over as Chief Minister in 2001 after she was unseated and till her return, Transport Minister V Senthil Balaji and Electricity Minister R Viswanathan and even former Chief Secretary Sheela Balakrishna are doing the rounds as the possible successors.
Along with the 66-year-old AIADMK supremo, three others-Jayalalithaa's close friend Sasikala, Sasikala's niece Ilavarasi and her nephew and Chief Minister's disowned foster son Sudhakaran-were convicted and sentenced to four years of jail term and fined Rs 10 crore by special judge John Michael D'Cunha.
They have been convicted on the charges of amassing properties disproportionate to their known sources of income under the Prevention of Corruption Act and criminal conspiracy in the Indian Penal Code.
Since they have been sentenced to a term of more than three years, they have been lodged in the Central Jail in Parappana Agrahara. They can apply for bail only from Karnataka High Court which is on vacation till October 6 for Dasara.
The Rs 100 crore fine is the highest imposed on any politician by the special judge who heard the case of Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets acquired during her first term as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996.

Way to go! Delhi Metro ranked 2nd among 18 international metro systemsWay to go! Delhi Metro ranked 2nd among 18 international metro systems
PTI  New Delhi, September 28, 2014
First Published: 14:05 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:22 IST(28/9/2014)
Comments
Delhi Metro has been ranked second among 18 international Metro systems in terms of overall customer satisfaction in an online customer survey. According to a DMRC official, in the survey conducted among the commuters of those Metro systems by Global Metro Benchmarking Groups NOVA and CoMET, Delhi Metro along with London DLR and Bangkok were the best three performers in the Net Promoters Score (NPS) category.
Under this category the survey analysed the likelihood of customers recommending the service to others on the basis of their satisfaction. More than 41,000 respondents gave their feedback worldwide in this survey conducted online through the websites and social media links of 18 major Metros of the world from April 28th to May 25th earlier this year. The Metro systems that participated in this survey apart from Delhi Metro were Hong Kong MTR, London Underground, Metro De Madrid, Paris RATP, Metro De Sandiago, Singapore SMRT, Barcelona TMB, Brussels STIB, Bangkok BMCL, London DLR, Istanbul Ulasim, Kualalumpur Rapid PL, Metropolitano De Lisboa, Montreal STM, Newcastle Nexus, Metro Rio and Toronto TTC. The NPS is calculated by the percentage of promoters minus the percentage of detractors (P-D = NPS).
When asked to list out the three top priority areas, the respondents from Delhi along with 17 other Metros listed as 'availability' as the most important requirement. Only New Castle and Hong Kong selected 'Reliability' as their most important area. "Delhi Metro commuters rated reliability and crowding as the other two important priority areas," the official said.
The survey was conducted as per the 'European Norm 13816' and the areas covered were availability, accessibility, ease of use, information prior to travel, information during travel, reliability, customer care, comfort, crowding, and security. DMRC is a member of the NOVA group of Metros which is a benchmarking community comprising of 17 metro systems (small and medium size metros) from around the world. It provides a platform to share experiences, ideas and good practices followed by member Metro systems across the world. It also helps in evaluating the performance of Metro systems by studying their key performance indicators. The forum is co-ordinated by the Rail Transport Strategic Centre (RTSC) of Imperial College, London. This year, DMRC hosted the NOVA Phase-17 Management Meeting in New Delhi from September 24-26. The meeting was attended by 11 NOVA member Metros including DMRC and two Indian observers' Metros (Bangalore Metro and Chennai Metro).
DMRC will be elevated to CoMET (Community of Metros) Group of Metros. The CoMET is a group of 16 of the world's largest Metros. To qualify for becoming a member of CoMET, the average ridership should be above 20 lakh and the city should be the primary city of country.

NCP spokesman misses deadline for Maharashtra Assembly polls nominationPrint
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 28, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:42 pm
In an irony of sorts, the nomination form of Ankush Kakde of the Nationalist Congress Party got rejected after he could not attach an important form to his election affidavit on time.
NCP spokesperson and close confidant of party chief Sharad Pawar, Kakde filed his AB form for nomination from Kasaba Assembly constituency on Saturday but missed on tagging it with the mandatory election affidavit to complete the formalities.
He then rushed out of election office to get the affidavit done. Meanwhile, former deputy city mayor Deepak Mankar too filed his nomination on behalf on NCP as per party directive with a final decision of official candidate slated for October 1.
By the time Kakde’s affidavit arrived and his lawyers frantically stamped it with his signature, the election office door was locked with the expiry of 3 pm deadline for filing of nomination papers.
A poignant spectacle of Kakde staring at Mankar through the closed grilled shutter attracted a battery of photographers to click the desperate moment for the senior NCP leader who fervently wished to turn back time.
NCP city chief and MP Vandana Chavan, said on Sunday , “It was an extremely unfortunate episode involving senior party leader like Kakde. I am feeling very bad.”
Mankar’s nomination has raised eyebrows within NCP with party loyalists feeling let down by his last minute entry in the party.
The Kasaba constituency is set to witness a multi cornered contest featuring NCP, Congress, Shiv Sena, MNS and sitting BJP MLA Girish Bapat.

Clashes at Hong Kong protest injure 34Hong Kong says riot police have pulled back as protesters jam city streets
By Ivan Watson, Elizabeth Joseph, Anjali Tsui and Jethro Mullen, CNN
September 29, 2014 -- Updated 0524 GMT (1324 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Riot police remain on guard near the main protest site
NEW: Government says police pull back and urges protesters to disperse
At least 41 people have been injured in the protests, authorities say
Hong Kong's leader says police have acted with restraint
Hong Kong (CNN) -- The Hong Kong government said Monday that riot police have pulled back from pro-democracy demonstrations around the city that have caused widespread disruption in one of Asia's financial hubs.
Defiant demonstrators remained on the streets of Hong Kong's financial center, blocking traffic on key highways a day after clashes with police that left more than 40 people injured.
Explaining the decision to withdraw the riot police, the government said in a statement that the protesters on the streets were now behaving peacefully. But protesters have pointed out that the unrest Sunday resulted from heavy-handed police tactics.
Protesters break a glass door of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong on November 19. Pro-democracy demonstrators are angry about China's decision to allow only Beijing-vetted candidates to run in Hong Kong's elections for chief executive in 2017.
Broken glass is seen after protesters attempted to break into the Legislative Council building in Hong Kong on November 19.
Protesters stand off with police officers outside the Legislative Council building after clashes on November 19.
Security staff members remove a barricade outside the Citic tower near a protest site in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on November 18.
There were no signs of resistance from protesters, some of whom helped bailiffs, police and CITIC representatives move barricades away on November 18.
A general view of the Admiralty protest site on the road outside the Hong Kong Government complex on November 17.
Student leaders Alex Chow (C), Nathan Law (L) and Eason Chung (R) attempted to fly to Beijing to deliver a message to the Chinese government on November 15. They were denied boarding after being informed that their entry permits were invalid.
A businessman walks to work passed barricades placed by pro-democracy protesters blocking road at the Admiralty protest site on November 13, 2014 in Hong Kong.
People open umbrellas at the main protest site in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 28. The umbrella has become the defining image of the protest movement, used to shield protesters from tear gas and the elements.
Riot police stand guard near a barricade in a protester-occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 22.
Pro-democracy protesters at an occupied area outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong watch a live broadcast of talks between Hong Kong government officials and protesters on Tuesday, October 21.
Police and protesters face each other across a barricade as tensions continue in Hong Kong on Monday, October 20.
Riot police advance on a pro-democracy protest encampment in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong early Sunday, October 19.
A woman reads on a road barricaded by pro-democracy protesters on October 19.
Police officers yell at pro-democracy protesters as they push forward in an attempt to clear a street on Saturday, October 18.
Pro-democracy protesters sleep next to a barricade on October 18 after reclaiming streets in Mong Kok after a night of violent scuffles with police.
A Hong Kong journalist collapses in agony after being hit in the face with pepper spray during clashes with police on Friday, October 17.
Police use batons to hit pro-democracy protesters who are using raised umbrellas for protection on October 17.
Protesters and riot police officers face off at a main road in the Mong Kok district on October 17.
People shout at pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district on Friday, October 17.
Riot police clear out an encampment of protesters in the Mong Kok district on October 17. Police swooped in early to dismantle the protest campsite.
Demonstrators remove their belongings from a protest camp early on October 17.
Pro-democracy protesters break down as riot police clear their camp October 17.
Riot police remove barricades on October 17.
Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung arrives for a news conference on Thursday, October 16. He said talks would resume with students as early as next week, but he said street protests had caused severe disruption and could not continue.
Pro-democracy demonstrator Ken Tsang gets taken taken away by police before allegedly being beaten up in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 15. Authorities have vowed to conduct an investigation into a widely circulated video that appears to show plainclothes officers kicking and punching the man.
A police officer shouts at a protester who was hit with pepper spray on October 15.
Pro-democracy protesters hide behind umbrellas to protect themselves from pepper spray on October 15.
Protesters move barriers as others block a main road in Hong Kong with metal and plastic safety barriers on October 15.
Police march toward pro-democracy protesters outside central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Protesters gather near central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Police move toward pro-democracy protesters during a standoff outside central government offices in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 14.
Police remove bamboo that pro-democracy protesters had set up to block off main roads in Hong Kong on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters watch as police remove barricades in Hong Kong on October 14.
Cleaners sweep the main road after the police's removal of barricades on October 14.
Police ask a protester to leave the main road of Hong Kong's Central district on October 14.
Police dismantle barricades from the streets in Hong Kong on October 14.
Police officers run to barricades set up by protesters on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their hands behind police officers after people tried to remove the metal barricades that protesters set up to block off main roads near the city's financial district in Hong Kong on Monday, October 13.
A police officer tries to stop a man October 13 from removing metal barricades set up by protesters.
A police officer scuffles with a man in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers arrest a pro-democracy demonstrator in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on October 13.
A pro-democracy demonstrator sets up a new barricade made of bamboo in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers remove barricades used by protesters in Hong Kong on October 13.
Taxi drivers protest in Hong Kong on October 13, urging pro-democracy demonstrators to clear the roads.
People gather beneath the statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, which has become a symbol at the protest site, on Saturday, October 11, in Hong Kong.
Pro-democracy protesters remain scattered at the protest site in Admiralty on Thursday, October 9. The government canceled talks that day after protest leaders urged supporters to keep up the occupation.
Taxi drivers attend a small demonstration calling for protesters to stop blocking roads through the city on October 9.
A woman drinks a soda as she walks past a barricade erected by pro-democracy demonstrators in Hong Kong on October 9.
A pro-democracy protester sleeps on a street in the occupied area surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 8.
A pro-democracy protester reads a newspaper in Hong Kong's Mong Kok district on Tuesday, October 7, as a police officer stands nearby.
Protesters walk up an empty street inside the protest site near Hong Kong's government complex on October 7.
Joshua Wong, a 17-year-old student protest leader, is interviewed at the protest site near government headquarters on Monday, October 6.
A man walks to work as pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the road in the occupied areas surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on October 6.
A ray of sunlight bathes sleeping protesters as they occupy a major highway in Hong Kong on October 6. Protesters say Beijing has gone back on its pledge to allow universal suffrage in Hong Kong, which was promised "a high degree of autonomy" when it was handed back to China by Britain in 1997.
People take an escalator to work as protesters sleep on October 6.
The statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, stands at a pro-democracy protest site in the Admiralty district on October 6.
People walk to work on a main road in the occupied areas of Hong Kong on October 6.
Police officers remove barriers outside government offices in Hong Kong on Sunday, October 5.
Student protesters carry a barrier to block a street leading to the protest site on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators occupy the streets near government headquarters on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators surround police October 5 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong.
A pro-democracy protester holds on to a barrier as he and others defend a barricade from attacks by rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on Saturday, October 4.
Pro-democracy student protesters pin a man to the ground after an assault during a scuffle with local residents in Mong Kok on October 4.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their arms in a sign of nonviolence as they protect a barricade from rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on October 4.
A pro-Beijing activist holds up blue ribbons for anti-Occupy Central protestors to collect as pro-government speeches are made in the Kowloon district of Hong Kong on October 4.
A man sits in front of a barricade built by pro-democracy protesters on October 4 in the Kowloon district.
Thousands of pro-democracy activists attend a rally on the streets near government headquarters on October 4 in Hong Kong.
A group of men in masks fight with a man who tried to stop them from removing barricades from a pro-democracy protest area in the Causeway Bay district of Hong Kong on Friday, October 3.
Police raise hands against protesters as an ambulance tries to leave the compound of the chief executive office in Hong Kong on October 3.
A protester tries to negotiate with angry residents trying to remove barricades blocking streets in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on October 3. Large crowds opposed to the pro-democracy movement gathered to clear the area.
Pro-democracy demonstrators protect a barricade from "anti-Occupy" crowds in Hong Kong on October 3.
A man shouts at a pro-democracy demonstrator on October 3.
Police try to pry a man from a fence guarded by pro-democracy demonstrators on October 3.
Pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the street outside a government complex in Hong Kong on Thursday, October 2.
As the sun rises, a protester reads during a sit-in blocking the entrance to the chief executive's office on October 2.
Yellow ribbons, a symbol of the protests in Hong Kong, are tied to a fence as police and security officers stand guard at the government headquarters on October 2.
Protesters confront police outside the government complex in Hong Kong on October 2.
Protesters camp out in a street in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 1.
Founder of the student pro-democracy group Scholarism, Joshua Wong, center, stands in silent protest with supporters at the flag-raising ceremony at Golden Bauhinia Square in Hong Kong on October 1.
Hong Kong's Chief Executive C.Y. Leung attends a flag raising ceremony to mark the 65th anniversary of the founding of Communist China on October 1.
A pro-democracy activist shouts slogans on a street near the government headquarters on Wednesday, October 1.
Hong Kong police stand guard outside the flag-raising ceremony October 1.
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather for a third night in Hong Kong on Tuesday, September 30.
Protesters sing songs and wave their cell phones in the air after a massive thunderstorm passed over the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Protesters take part in a rally on a street outside the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Student activists rest on a road in Hong Kong on September 30, near the government headquarters where pro-democracy activists have gathered.
A pro-democracy demonstrator guards a bus covered with messages of support in Hong Kong on September 30.
Protesters sleep on the streets outside the Hong Kong Government Complex at sunrise on September 30.
Protesters hold up their cell phones in a display of solidarity during a protest outside the Legislative Council headquarters in Hong Kong on Monday, September 29.
Protesters put on goggles and wrap themselves in plastic on September 29 after hearing a rumor that police were coming with tear gas.
Police officers stand off with protesters next to the Hong Kong police headquarters on September 29.
A man helps protesters use a makeshift ladder to climb over concrete street barricades on September 29.
Riot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets around government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Police officers rest after protests on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters argue with a man, left, who opposes the occupation of Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters sit in a road as they face off with local police on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters rest around empty buses as they block Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29. Multiple bus routes have been suspended or diverted.
Police walk down a stairwell as demonstrators gather outside government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Stacks of umbrellas are ready for protesters to use as shields against pepper spray on September 29.
Protesters turn the Chinese flag upside-down on September 29 outside a commercial building near the main Occupy Central protest area in Hong Kong.
Protesters occupy a main road in the Central district of Hong Kong after riot police used tear gas against them on Sunday, September 28.
Demonstrators disperse as tear gas is fired during a protest on September 28. There is an "optimal amount of police officers dispersed" around the scene, a Hong Kong police representative said.
Police use pepper spray and tear gas against demonstrators September 28. The protests, which have seen thousands of students in their teens and 20s take to the streets, swelled in size over the weekend.
Riot police clash with protesters on September 28.
Police and protesters clash during a tense standoff with thousands of student demonstrators, recently joined by the like-minded Occupy Central movement, on September 28.
Benny Tai, center, founder of the Occupy Central movement, raises a fist after announcing the group would join the students during a demonstration outside government headquarters in Hong Kong on September 28.
Pro-democracy activist and former legislator Martin Lee wears goggles and a mask to protect against pepper spray on September 28.
A pro-democracy activist shouts at police officers behind a fence with yellow ribbons on September 28.
A sign for the Hong Kong central government offices has been crossed out with red tape by democracy activists on September 28.
Pro-democracy protesters gather near government headquarters on September 29.
Protesters gather during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Counsel on September 28 as calls for Beijing to grant the city universal suffrage grow louder and more fractious.
Protesters tie up barricades on September 28 during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong.
An injured protester is tended to after clashing with riot police outside Hong Kong government complex on Saturday, September 27.
Riot police use pepper spray on pro-democracy activists who forced their way into the Hong Kong government headquarters during a demonstration on September 27.
People watch from on high as pro-democracy demonstrators are surrounded by police after storming a courtyard outside Hong Kong's legislative headquarters on Friday, September 26.
Students march to Government House in Hong Kong on Thursday, September 25.
Hong Kong unrest

Bill Gross missed the big shiftAfter a life of trend spotting, Bill Gross missed the big shift
By Gillian Tett
Now it is governments that are intimidating – or at least wrongfooting – the bond gurus
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1131abe8-4594-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amit Shah plans massive campaign to overcome Sena challengeAmit Shah plans massive campaign to overcome Sena challenge
Dharmendra Jore , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 29, 2014
First Published: 08:31 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:45 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
Amit Shah, BJP’s national president, is busy planning a media and campaign blitzkrieg to overcome the challenge posed by former ally, the Shiv Sena. Shah has been in the city since Saturday, planning the poll campaign.
A master strategist, he has put in place a massive campaign strategy till October 13. The show will take off with 300 public rallies across the state in two days — Tuesday and Wednesday.
Shah has told leaders to not engage the erstwhile ally without any reason, but to respond strongly in case the Sena stops being reasonable in its criticism. The BJP is also not likely to openly play the Hindutva card, considering its disastrous outcome in the assembly bypolls in other states.
Since Mumbai is crucial for the BJP, Shah has brought in leaders from the states like UP, Rajasthan, Bihar and Gujarat. He has also boosted fund raising in view of expanded area of operation.
The party’s budget has doubled after the break-up. After the 300 rallies, the party will play its trump card — Prime Minister Narendra Modi, said a senior BJP leader. “Amit bhai has agreed in principle for 15 rallies of Modiji, but we would like to have even more,” he said.
Modi’s tour will be finalized after his return from the US. With only two weeks left, the BJP will rely heavily on digital media. Modi’s rallies will be screened wherever the PM cannot physically be there.
Social media experts are busy negating the Sena’s backlash and targeting the Congress and NCP’s failure in the last 15 years.

Panneerselvam to be sworn in CM  Jayalalithaa to appeal for bail todayPanneerselvam to be sworn in CM, Jayalalithaa to appeal for bail today
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times   Chennai:, September 28, 2014
First Published: 17:41 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:56 IST(29/9/2014)
More power to tea sellers in India.
 
New Tamil Nadu chief minister designate, after his election as the leader of AIADMK legislature party, O Panneerselvam also knows what it is to sell tea, just like prime minister Narendra Modi, who takes pride in the fact that he rose from there to great heights in public life.
O Panneerselvam (PTI file photo)
Panneerselvam, finance minister in the Jayalalithaa government, was on Sunday invited by state governor K Rosaiah to form the government.
Read: A humble loyalist, Tamil Nadu’s new CM is Jaya’s right hand man
“Thiru O Panneerselvam, treasurer, AIADMK MLA representing Bondinaykanur Assembly constituency met His Excellency the Governor of Tamil Nadu at Raj Bhavan today (28-9-2014) and submitted a letter and the resolution passed by the AIADMK legislators held today in which he was unanimously elected as the leader of the AIADMK Legislature party. Consequently, His Excellency the Governor has invited him to form the ministry,” said a Press Release issued by the Raj Bhavan on Sunday evening.
It did not mention any date or time of the ministry formation, till the time of writing of the report.
Panneerselvam will be replacing Amma, now lodged in the Bangalore central jail located at Parappana Aghrahara after her conviction in disproportionate assets case.
A farmer hailing from Periyakulam in Theni district, 63-year old Paneerselvam also used to run a tea stall that he still owns. At present, the tea stall is run by members of his brother’s family.
Read: Panneerselvam gets invite to form new ministry in Tamil Nadu
Similarities to the powerful leader like Modi end with the selling of tea. The real power behind the new chief minister continues to be Jayalalithaa, who would be ruling through remote control.
AIADMK sources say that everything will be as if Amma were present. A down to earth person, Panneerselvam  maintains a low profile and a remains a very loyal soldier of Jayalalithaa, which critics describe “his master’s voice”.
It was due to his loyalty factor that Panneerselvam was picked up by Jayalalithaa then in 2001 and now in 2014, when she faces trying times in her political career.
During his earlier stint as the chief minister, he never sat in the chief minister’s chair and functioned from a smaller desk and chair. Panneeselvam would think nothing of responding to press queries with “I will get back to you after checking with Amma.”
Read: Jayalalithaa to move Karnataka high court for bail
He used to maintain that he was just a temporary arrangement to fill in for Amma who for some circumstances could not be present. This time too, it won’t be any different, AIADMK sources said.
OPS, as Panneerselvam is fondly called by his friends and admirers,  was among the very few persons  present with Jayalalithaa on Saturday and Sunday at Bangalore court and jail before returning to Chennai for the AIADMK legislature meet.
Panneerselvam is a mild manner politician and understands the many moods of Amma and what is expected of him, said a senior AIADMK leader not wanting to be named.
Panneerselvam entered politics in 1996 and became the chairperson Periyakulam municipality of Theni district. For the first time he contested assembly elections in 2001 from Periyakulam and became the PWD minister. Now he represents another constituency, Bondinayakar in assembly and is the first person from Thevar community to become the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. OPS also served briefly as leader of opposition in assembly after AIADMK lost power in 2006.

Plot allotment controversy casts shadow on new CJIPlot allotment row casts shadow on new CJI
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 28, 2014
First Published: 11:22 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:46 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
A two-decade-old controversy over housing society plot allotments to some of the most prominent members of the Indian judiciary has become relevant once again as Supreme Court judge HL Dattu assumed the most powerful judicial office in the country on Sunday.
New Chief Justice of India Justice Dattu, and two of his Supreme Court colleagues – TS Thakur and V Gopala Gowda – are among the judges who accepted the plots in defiance of a 1995 ruling by the Karnataka high court that judges were ineligible to participate in the land scheme.
The issue of the allotments has surfaced repeatedly since 1994 when the first judges purchased the plots from the society meant for court employees.
Justice HL Dattu takes oath as the new Chief Justice of India on Sunday. (Photo Courtesy: Doordarshan)
Recently another top Judge, KL Manjunath, has seen his planned elevation to Chief Justice the Punjab and Haryana high court complicated by his participation in the allotment row, which has been cited in press reports as among the factors motivating a possible impeachment bid against him.
 
The state government originally acquired the land for the project from farmers in 1991 and sold it to the Karnataka State Judicial Department Employees House Building Cooperative Society (KSJDEHBCS) at a huge subsidy so that it could fulfill the ‘public purpose’ of housing court employees who could not afford alternative accommodation.
However, soon after the colony was formed near the Bangalore airport, judges too started enrolling as members and accepting the steeply discounted plots.
Sale deeds with HT show that Justice Dattu was first allotted a 2,400 sq. ft. plot by the society for Rs. 61,598 at Rs. 15 per sq. ft. on June 30, 1997.
He was allotted another 4,000 sq. ft. plot on October 26, 2002, for Rs. 1,02,666 at Rs. 25 per sq. Land in the surrounding areas was selling for no less than Rs. 1,500 a sq. ft. at the time.
A society official, who helped HT in this investigation, claimed that Justice Dattu surrendered the first plot in February 2003 after other members objected to the double allotment.
On June 21, 2010, he gifted the other plot to his grandson Mihir Adithya who was three years old at the time.
According to local realtors who spoke to HT, a minimum of Rs. 8,000 per sq. ft. is now the going rate in the area. At those prices, the plot justice Dattu acquired for just over a lakh in 2002 and subsequently gifted to his grandson is worth more than Rs. 3 crore today.
Documents obtained by HT indicate that the judicial employees’ society irregularly allotted plots to at least another 73 judges between 1994 and 2006.
See: List of 73 judges
The society by-laws define a member as “an employee of the judicial department in Karnataka [who] has put in a minimum continuous or intermittent service of five years in Karnataka.” But judges, as affirmed by repeated Supreme Court rulings, are not employees of the department.
The matter of judges benefitting from this subsidised project meant for court employees was taken to the Karnataka high court through a writ and resulted in a ruling that the allotment to judges was an “irregularity”.
A division bench of the high court ruled on October 12, 1995: “A reading of Clause-7 of the bye-laws, in our view, by no stretch of imagination can include the judges of High Court or Supreme Court (sitting, transferred, retired)."
In an exclusive to HT, Justice (retd) MF Saldanha, who was part of the division bench, spoke about the ethical and legal questions arising out of the allotment.
Watch: Justice (retd) Saldanha's interview to HT  
But the allotment to judges did not stop. Judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda purchased the plots from 1996 onwards, after this ruling was passed. Nearly 50 judges accepted plots from the society after the high court ruling.
A joint legislature committee of the Karnataka assembly submitted a report in 2007 and added: “It is most unfortunate that the KSJDEHBCS, which should have been a model to other house building cooperative societies, has itself become the leading law- breaker without the least fear or care for the law, propriety of public interest. It has indulged in acts of favour, cronyism and capricious indifference to law at its will. Obviously, High Court judges and powerful persons as its members and beneficiaries will ensure immunity to all its illegal acts.”
Although the committee’s report was put in cold storage, the issue came alive again with the appointment of former Supreme Court judge Shivraj V Patil as Karnataka Lokayukta in 2011. A media expose of the plots received by him from the judicial employees’ society forced him to resign as the state’s anti-corruption ombudsman just over a month after he took charge.
The Lokayukta’s post remained vacant for 17 months after Justice Patil’s resignation as the then BJP government struggled to find a judge who had not benefited from the scheme. Every time the government announced a candidate, the media would expose his allotment. Matters came to a head when the then governor HR Bhardwaj refused to approve the appointment of a former judge following media reports about his plot.
The present Lokayukta, Justice Y Bhaskar Rao, also a plot allottee, was appointed in an atmosphere vitiated by protests from sections of the opposition and hostile reports in the media.
The ethical question that laid siege to the Karnataka Lokayukta’s office for 17 months, however, did not prevent the mobility of judges through the collegium system of judicial appointments. Many went on to preside over various high courts in the country as well as the Supreme Court of India.
Indeed, justice Dattu and Justice Thakur are today ranked second and third in terms of seniority in the apex court’s panel of 26 judges. They are also members of the collegium that vets and appoints judges to the higher judiciary.
HT met justice Dattu at his farmhouse and had a tele-conversation with Justice Gopala Gowda on September 12 to seek a response. Both judges declined to comment but said that a letter written to the society president by former Chief Justice of India, MN Venkatachalaiah, who is also an allotee, clarified everything.
Society president K Sippe Gowda told HT, “Justice Gowda called me a few minutes ago and asked me to give you that letter. But I have lost it. I don’t know where it is.” Asked how he could lose such an important document, he said, “I didn’t think it was that important.”
Justice Thakur did not respond to repeated requests for comment sent through his staff.
Today, the two colonies formed by the society are bustling centres of real estate trading with some of the biggest builders in the city hawking luxury apartments costing in excess of Rs. 2 crore.
Despite a condition in each sale deeds requiring owners to construct a house within two years of receiving a plot those allotted to judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda remain vacant.

Alibaba buys 15% stake in hotel tech firm for $459 mnGerry Shih and Matthew Miller     Beijing   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 11:00 IST
This is Alibaba Group Holding's first big investment since raising $25 billion in a record-breaking initial public offering. (Photo: Reuters)
Alibaba Group Holding, in its first big investment since raising $25 billion in a record-breaking New York initial public offering (IPO), has bought 15 per cent of Chinese hospitality technology provider Beijing Shiji Information Technology for 2.81 billion yuan ($458.66 million).
The investment is expected to allow the e-commerce giant to develop its Taobao travel business alongside Beijing Shiji, including back-office services, while helping to migrate hotel customers to Alibaba's e-commerce website.
Beijing Shiji provides IT consulting to hotels in China's fast-growing market. It sells everything from software that manages room reservations, purchasing, inventory, and point of sales systems, to broadband networks and billing systems.
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange-listed firm says almost 6,000 hotels in China use its products, including 90 per cent of the country's five-star hotels, according to Sunday's filing. Its customers include Grant Hyatt Hotels, Marriott International Inc, Westin Hotels and Resorts and Sofitel Luxury Hotels.
Alibaba's Taobao (China) Software unit agreed to purchase 54.55 million shares of the company for 51.52 yuan per share, Beijing Shiji disclosed in a regulatory filing on Sunday. The deal should close early next month. An Alibaba spokesman declined to comment.
Alibaba initially partnered with Beijing Shiji in an agreement announced on March 28. Beijing Shiji's shares have gained more than 46 per cent since then.
(Reuters)

Obama admits US underestimated IS jihadistsObama admits US underestimated IS jihadists
AFP
print
President Barack Obama admitted Sunday that the United States underestimated the threat posed by Islamic State fighters in Syria, as US-led coalition warplanes pounded the oil sites that fund the jihadist group.
Late Sunday coalition planes hit the entrance to the country's main gas plant, in an apparent warning to Islamic State militants to abandon the premises under their control, a monitor said.
"The international coalition has for the first time struck the entrance and prayer area of the Coneco gas plant. It is under IS control, and is the largest in Syria," said Syrian Observatory for Human Rights director Rami Abdel Rahman.
Up until Sunday, the strikes had targeted mainly jihadist bases and makeshift oil refineries used by the militants, in a bid to weaken one of their main sources of financing.
Speaking to CBS News, Obama said that former Al-Qaeda fighters driven from Iraq by US and local forces had been able to gather in Syria to form the newly dangerous Islamic State group.
"I think our head of the intelligence community, Jim Clapper, has acknowledged that they underestimated what had been taking place in Syria," Obama said, referring to his director of national intelligence.
Asked whether Washington had also overestimated the ability or will of Iraq's US-trained military to fight the jihadists on its own, Obama said: "That's true. That's absolutely true."
US-led coalition planes pounded oil sites in Syria Sunday that fund the IS group, as Syria's Al-Qaeda branch warned that people in Europe and America would pay the price.
The United States, along with coalition partners Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, targeted four modular refineries and an IS command and control post, all north of Raqa in Syria, US Central Command said.
"Initial indications are that they (the strikes) were successful," it said.
In his first speech since air raids were launched on Syria, the head of the Al-Qaeda affiliate there, Al-Nusra Front, warned of reprisals.
"Your leaders will not pay the price for the war alone, you will pay the higher price," Abu Mohammad al-Jolani said in an Internet audio message, addressing "people of America and Europe".
Failure to stop these air strikes "will transfer the battle to your very homes", he said.
Washington has said it would press on with "near continuous" strikes, and the latest raids were part of intensifying efforts to disrupt the group's lucrative oil-pumping and smuggling operations.
The jihadists control a swathe of territory straddling northwestern Iraq and eastern Syria, home to most of Syria's main oilfields, and their oil infrastructure is the main target of the air strikes.
Experts say the jihadists were earning as much as $3 million (2.4 million euros) daily from oil before the coalition began launching strikes on Syria, building on the air war under way against IS in Iraq since August 8.
Sunday's strikes hit close to the Turkish frontier, near Tal Abyad, said the Syrian rights observatory, destroying "at least three makeshift refineries under IS control".
Coalition warplanes also hit the jihadist heartland province of Raqa early Sunday and the raids destroyed a plastics factory outside Raqa city, killing one civilian, the Britain-based Observatory said.
The Pentagon said US-led air strikes in Iraq near insurgent-held Fallujah on Sunday destroyed two IS checkpoints.
   
British fighter jets ready
In western Iraq, pro-government forces backed by warplanes repelled an IS attack on the strategic town of Amriyat al-Fallujah, security sources said.
"Warplanes eventually engaged the insurgents and killed 15 of them," local police chief Aref al-Janabi said, without identifying the aircraft.
The town "has strategic importance. It is a main logistics road for the army and it is the link between Anbar and Karbala", a Shiite holy city south of Baghdad, Janabi said.
Several European governments have approved plans to join the air campaign in Iraq, including most recently Britain, and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday Ankara "cannot stay" out of the fight.
British warplanes flew their first combat mission over Iraq on Saturday but returned to base in Cyprus with their bombs after no targets were identified.
European governments have resisted joining the air campaign in Syria for fear of becoming embroiled in that country's more than three-year-old civil war, forcing Washington to rely on Arab allies.
   
Al-Nusra threat
At least 57 Al-Nusra fighters have been killed in the air campaign, the Observatory said.
Washington has made a distinction between the wider Al-Nusra Front and a cell of foreign fighters dubbed the Khorasan Group that it says was plotting attacks against the United States.
Muhsin al-Fadhli, a long-standing Al-Qaeda operative and alleged Khorasan leader, was reportedly among those killed.
The allies had "committed a horrible act that is going to put them on the list of jihadist targets throughout the world," Al-Nusra spokesman Abu Firas al-Suri warned in an online video message on Saturday.
Meanwhile, Kurdish fighters from northern Iraq have begun training in Germany on handling weaponry supplied by Berlin to support the battle against IS.

LIVE: BJP to begin massive election campaign today; 300 rallies to beaddressed(Left to right): Ajit Pawar, Prithviraj Chavan, Udhhav Thackeray and Devendra Phadnavis.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:41 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 3:57 pm
After severing the 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena, Bharatiya Janata Party is all set to hold a major election campaign on Monday in the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly polls.
With its campaign named ‘Mulukh Maidan’, the party hopes to cover all 288 constituencies under which 300 rallies will be addressed.

Why offline retailers plan to boycott iPhone 6 | Team India is fab: Amazon s CEOYou are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as iPhone 5S being offered at discounted prices on e-commerce sites
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 12.19PM IST
(According to sellers that…)
NEW DELHI: Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch because they are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily discounted prices on popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.
"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going online.
A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Apple products are distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro. ET could not independently confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple didn't respond to emailed queries seeking comment.
An executive close to dealings at Apple India said the company hasn't authorised marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell iPhones in India. Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones while Flipkart is authorised to sell iPads and iPods.
The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well, for instance, when Amazon started operating in the US.
In India, where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14% of mobile phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly basis, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase as Internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.
"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.
Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were facing massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at much lower prices.
"The price difference is as high as Rs 11,000 on some models. Apple is liquidating stocks of the older models," he said, alleging that the company was doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next month. He added that state trade associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were protesting against the brands.
E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for the company in India this year, on offer at betweenRs 34,000 and Rs 36,000, as much as 36% less than the original retail price of Rs 53,500.
The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for Rs 33,999.
Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers. The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.
Google has partnered with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One smartphones priced between Rs 6,299 and Rs 6,499, exclusively on the three e-commerce sites.
Spice didn't respond to ET's queries at the time of writing. "To ensure convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a judicious mix of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue to be the lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our retail network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.
A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is a huge market and hence different channels are developing to serve the various consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach towards all sales channels."
A senior executive from a large format retail chain told ET that he had returned his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding that they cannot compete with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the brands individually, but I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being treated unfairly."
Several large format retailers, including UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobiles, The Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an informal association that is trying to sort out the situation and will be speaking to consumers and the government on the matter, which they say threatens their survival.
However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti.
The Essar Group-owned company, which owns more than 800 stores across the country, plans to partner with e-commerce players to augment revenue and limit the loss of customers.
Sangeetha Mobiles' online store, ShopNo47.com, launched on eBay India's site early this month to sell mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and accessories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry Passport launched in India for Rs...BlackBerry Passport launched in India for Rs 49,990
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 29 Sep, 2014, 12.59PM IST
The Passport is a departure from the usual smartphone design and has a square shape. Its 4.5-inch touchscreen has an aspect ratio of 1:1 with a resolution of 1440 x 1440 pixels.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BlackBerry has launched its new flagship smartphone, BlackBerry Passport in India for Rs 49,990. The smartphone was announced last week internationally and India is one of the first countries where the phone will be available.
The Passport is a departure from the usual smartphone design and has a square shape. Its 4.5-inch touchscreen has an aspect ratio of 1:1 with a resolution of 1440 x 1440 pixels. Under the display is an innovative touch enabled keyboard that combines a physical keypad with virtual keypad functions seamlessly. You can swipe to delete and flick to select a predicted word on the keypad just like you would do on a display.
Hardware specifications include quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, Adreno 330 GPU, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage and microSD card slot for expansion (up to 128GB supported). Connectivity is taken care of with 3G, dual band WiFi, WiFi Direct, Bluetooth 4.0 and NFC. A highlight of the BlackBerry Passport is its 3,450mAh battery which BlackBerry claim will deliver a battery life of up to 30 hours.
For photography enthusiasts, the Passport features a 13MP primary camera with optical image stabilization that can record full HD video. The front 2MP camera does video recording in 720p HD resolution. Other features include 4 microphones, MHL port for TV-out, FM Radio, accelerometer, gyro, compass and proximity sensor.
It is the first BlackBerry smartphone to come with the latest BlackBerry OS 10.3. The new OS adds a voice assistant, updated BlackBerry Hub, improved camera user interface, enhanced security, updated icons and a built-in wallet app approved by RBI. With OS 10.3, BlackBerry also introduced BlackBerry Blend - a new app that lets you display your BlackBerry phone contents and notifications on a computer (Windows or Mac) or tablet (iOS or Android). As BlackBerry OS 10 supports installation of Android apps, the Passport comes preloaded with Amazon App store to download and install Android apps.
BlackBerry Passport will be available for pre-order from today onwards (till 10th October)exclusively on Amazon India. Consumers who pre-order the phone will get an Amazon India voucher worth Rs 5,000 and 5000 Jet privilege miles.

A bearish high! FIIs dump stocks worth Rs 4 000 cr over last four daysFIIs dump nearly Rs 4000 crore of equities in last 4 trading sessions
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 02.38PM IST
(Since the beginning of the…)
NEW DELHI: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) which have remained the backbone of over 26 per cent rally seen in Indian markets so far in the year 2014, sold nearly Rs 4000 crore in equities in the last four trading sessions.
However, despite the net sell figure, overseas investors have poured in a whopping over Rs 20,000 crore in the Indian capital markets since the beginning of this month as influenced by the reform agenda of the new government.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 5,117 crore ($ 848 million) from September 1 to 26, while they infused a net amount of Rs 15,308 crore ($ 2.5 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 20,425 crore ($ 3.4 billion), as per the latest official data.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of over Rs 2 lakh crore ($ 33 billion) into the country's securities market, PTI reported.
According to analysts, Indian markets are in a bearish phase atleast in the short term, but the long term growth story remain intact and investors should use any dips to enter markets or accumulate quality stocks at low levels.
Volatility is likely to remain high till the time Nifty is trading below 8100 levels, say analysts. Investors should trade with caution and maintain a strict stop loss of 7840 o Nifty for all positional trades.
This is evident from the fact that on Friday when global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) upgraded India's credit outlook to stable from negative, markets bounced back but FIIs still sold Rs 1133.64 crore in equities.
Equities, INR and bonds understandably reacted positively to S&P's revision on Friday. But, this is at best a kneejerk reaction, say CLSA.
All the three main rating agencies now have India's sovereign credit rating at one notch above junk grade and with a stable outlook.
Image 1
Image 2
Although Nifty did breach the 50 Day EMA in intraday trade, but it respected the support of 7840 on Friday. The index is still 1.88 per cent down on a weekly basis.
"We need to see some constructive action in the coming week and it is still critical that the level of 7840 be respected as a support for the present positional bearish setup to reverse," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"On the higher side there may be upside till 8000 to 8040 range; however, till the time we do not get a conclusive move beyond the resistance of 8100 Nifty would still remain susceptible to a sudden sell off," added the report.
To sum up a move beyond 8100 or below 7840 would provide investors with trading cues for this week. GEPL continues to recommend a stop loss of 7840 for positional traders.
Commenting on Friday's bounce back, Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited says that it was a normal rebound in the market after three successive declining sessions and the overall bias would remain on the negative side till the Nifty sustains below 8050.
"Currently, excessive volatility is the key issue for the participants and it would remain so in the coming week. In such situation, it's advisable to maintain strict to risk management rules and keep a check on your position sizing to avoid unmanageable losses," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Panneerselvam takes oathThe Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam. Photo: S.R. Raghunathan
Mr. Panneerselvam, 63, succeeds J. Jayalalithaa as the new Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
This makes him the 28th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu since 1920.
The chief minister and his cabinet will go to the secretariat and sign. They are leaving to Bangalore by flight at 4.45 pm today.
Chief Minister O Panneerselvam and the cabinet ministers coming out of Durbar Hall. Photo: B. Aravind Kumar
14.34: OPS, as he is known in the party circles, became the chief minister of Tamil Nadu in 2001 in similar circumstances.
14.20: No change in the cabinet, say official sources.
14.15: Minister for Information Technology, Mukkur N. Subramanian in tears.
Minister for Information Technology, Mukkur N. Subramanian in tears. Photo: S.R. Raghunathan
13.45: Transport Minister V. Senthil Balaji, Minister for Handloom & Textiles S. Gokula Indira and Industries Minister SP Velumani in tears.
13.42: With the AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa in prison, the Ministers cry one after another while taking oath.
13.40: Social welfare minister B. Valarmathi breaks into tears as she signs.
From right: Ministers Edappadi K. Palaniswami, Vaithilingam and Natham Viswanathan at the swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bhavan on Monday. Photo: S.R. Ragunathan
13.36: Ministers Vaithilingam, Edappadi K. Palaniswami are in tears as they take oath.
The new CM in tears at Raj Bhavan, Chennai. Photo: S.R. Ragunathan
13.30: The new chief minister breaks down as he takes oath.
13.29: O. Panneerselvam takes oath as the new chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
Mr. Panneerselvam, 63, was elected the leader of the AIADMK’s legislature party on Sunday evening following four-year prison term to party general secretary J. Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate assets case.
Following her conviction, Jayalalithaa was lodged in the Bangalore Central Jail.
AIADMK activists are on hunger strike in various parts of the state protesting the conviction of their leader in the case.
Some fishermen in Kanyakumari did not venture out into the sea on Monday, protesting their leader’s conviction.
Several members of parliament belonging to the AIADMK are in Bangalore to meet their jailed leader.

Nationalists bring down Lenin statue in UkraineUpdated: September 29, 2014 13:10 IST
Nationalists bring down Lenin statue in Ukraine
IANS
Reuters People react after a statue of Soviet state founder Vladimir Lenin was toppled by protesters during a rally organised by pro-Ukraine supporters in the centre of the eastern Ukrainian town of Kharkiv on September 28, 2014.
TOPICS
Ukraine
People cheered and leapt for joy when the statue, which stood at the centre of Kharkiv, came crashing down, BBC reported.
Nationalists have brought down a statue of Vladimir Lenin in Ukraine, a move supported by officials, media reported on Monday.
People cheered and leapt for joy when the statue, came crashing down which stood at the centre of Ukraine’s second largest city Kharkiv, BBC reported.
Pro—Russian protesters in the largely Russian—speaking city defended the statue in February, when President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted.
On Sunday night, when nationalist protesters gathered around the statue for a “Kharkiv is Ukraine” rally, governor of Kharkiv region, Ihor Baluta, signed an order to dismantle the statue.
Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov wrote on Facebook that he had given orders for police to ensure only the safety of people, “not the idol”.
“Lenin? Let him fall...,” he wrote.
“As long as people don’t get hurt. As long as this bloody communist idol does not take more victims with it when it goes,” Avakov added.
Kharkiv escaped the violent unrest which swept through Ukraine’s other regions, Donetsk and Luhansk.
A fragile ceasefire has been in place for weeks between pro—Russian separatists in those two regions.

Bhagat Singhs last surviving sibling dies on hisbirthdayPrint
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Chandigarh | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:22 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 3:16 am
She was just a ten year old child, when her brother Shahhed-e-Azam Bhagat Singh was hanged in 1931 by the British rulers. Bibi Prakash Kaur, the last surviving real sister of revolutionary breathed her last in Toronto on the day when the country was celebrating Bhagat’s birthday on September 28.
Kaur, who is also called Sumitra in family, experienced the trauma of her brother’s hanging from the days her childhood to her entire life and was just proud of the supreme sacrifice her brother made for his motherland. She was 94 and was the last direct link to Bhagat Singh.
Prakash Kaur was visited often by the scholars who had been trying to look deeper in to the life of Bhagat Singh. Chaman Lal, a retired JNU professor who visited her recently told The Indian Express about her death and said that she always cherished the memories of her brother. “Though she did not get enough time to play with her brother as he took to the revolution and was more busy with his mission than sparing time for his family which he had to intentionally avoid because of the circumstances. But Prakash Kaur was privy to certain facts of his life which came to her notice as one of the family members. She was always proud of his brother,” said Lal who is known for his work on the Bhagat Singh.
She came in prominence in Punjab during the days of terrorism when her daughter’s brother in law Kuljit Singh Dhatt was killed in an encounter in Hoshiarpur in July 1989. Because of her relation to the slain youth it became a big issue in the state. The police claimed that Dhatt had militant links which was always denied by Kaur. The family claimed that Dhatt was killed in a fake encounter by five Punjab policemen. Prakash Kaur fought a legal battle for Dhatt and to clear the family of the stain.
“She fought the battle for Dhatt with a grit and had been following up the case from abroad and coming to the country,” said Lal. Ironically, the case moved after Prakash Kaur knocked the doors of Supreme Court to get justice. Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) activists of Canada who had gone to her to greet her on the birth anniversary of the revolutionary in Canada were the last visitors to her. Though she was not able to respond as she was bedridden for the past so 6/7 years. Kaur lost her husband Harbans Singh more than a decade ago.
Bhagat Singh’s family was quite large; including himself; they were nine siblings-Jagat Singh, Bhagat Singh, Amar Kaur, Kulbir Singh, Shakuntla Devi, Kultar Singh, Prakash Kaur, Ranbir Singh& Rajinder Singh. Jagat Singh died very young, while others lived longer, apart from Bhagat Singh’s martyrdom at 23. Prior to Bibi Prakash Kaur, Kultar Singh died in 2004, at the age of 86 years. Kultar Singh had remained MLA and minister in N D Tiwari led UP Government. Kulbir Singh remained Jansangh MLA from Punjab in continued…

Mahindra launches face-lifted Scorpio at Rs 7.98lakhOnly the S4 and S10 variants will get a 4WD drivetrain.
Express News Service | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:05 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 2:12 pm
Mahindra has launched the face-lifted Scorpio with prices ranging between Rs 7.98 lakh to Rs 11.46 lakh, ex-showroom Mumbai. Mechanical updates on the new car come in shape of a a new chassis and gearbox, while cosmetically the aesthetics of the whole car has been refreshed along with the addition of more equipment. This is the first time since its launch in 2002 that the Scorpio has undergone such an extensive revamp.
First thing that is striking about the new Scorpio is it’s aggressive new front end. Gone are the soft looking oval headlamps of the past and in place of those you now find a pair of squat looking headlamps, which are also complimented by day-time running lights and projector lamps on the higher-end variants. Revised grilled design along with newly designed front bumper give the new Scorpio an upmarket yet intimidating appearance. Things on the rear however are rather quirky with black plastic cladding all around and subjects to personal taste and opinion. Besides that, there’s a new rear bumper, LED tail-lights and a roof-mounted spoiler. To add to the overall rugged and sporty theme, 17-inch alloy wheels, new designed fog-lamps and skid plates are also available on the face-lifted version.
Inside, you now get a dual-tone color combination on the dashboard and the upholstery  with additions including a new instrument cluster, a new touchscreen infotainment system, new XUV5OO-inspired steering wheel with steering mounted controls and horizontally stacked airconditioning vents.
Powertrain is retained from the outgoing model. This means the new Scorpio will continue to be offered in a choice between 2 diesel engine options across a total of 6 variants- S2, S4, S6, S6 Plus, S8 and S10. At the lower-end, the S2 variant will be powered by a 2.5 litre 4-cylinder CRDe diesel engine whereas the rest of range will source power from the company’s 2.2 litre 4-cylinder turbocharged mHawk diesel engine. Also, only the S4 and S10 variants will get a 4WD drivetrain.
Mahindra has developed a brand new 5-speed manual gearbox, called 5MT320, for the new Scorpio. The new gearbox features Mahindra’s shift-on-fly 4WD system that allows users to shift between all wheel drive modes on the move itself. The real changes on the Scorpio however comes from under the skin as the new car receives a vastly improved chassis than the outgoing model. Built on modular ladder frame construction, the new chassis is claimed to make the Scorpio a far better riding and handling car than any of its previous generations.

CPM in Kerala to focus on waste management  care of theagedPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:58 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 2:00 pm
In Kerala, CPI (M) is venturing into address two critical challenges of modern Kerala: waste management and care of the aged/bed-ridden.
A seminar held in Alappuzha on Saturday announced that the CPI (M) would take up comprehensive garbage management as a new mission for a healthy environment for a healthy life. The party has showcased a few model of waste management which waste disposal at source as a common thread.
Party state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said there was no politics in the new task on the ground that CPI (M) was behind the move. “The party would rope in all class organizations, people’s representatives, party-led local bodies and experts for the management of the waste at source. The party is suggesting steps that have to be implemented at local level. In the coming months, hundreds of waste management units would come up,’’ said Vijayan.
The party would take up successful waste management projects being implemented by CPI (M)-ruled local bodies. In Alappuzha, CPI (M) legislator Thomas Issac had implemented “clean house, clean city,” which has bio-gas plants for houses to treat waste at disposal.
The CPI (M) bid to focus on healthy environment comes at a time garbage disposal has emerged as a major challenge for Kerala, which is getting fast urbanized without proper planning. Mounds of garbage have been piling up in public places across Kerala. Local governing bodies have been at a loss in solid waste management.
Last week, the CPI (M) opened its first palliative care center in Kannur district. The centre was opened under the banner of Initiative for Rehabilitation and Palliative Care (IRPC), which has CPI (M) district secretary P Jayarajan as chief patron. The palliative care centre is now treating 25 bed-ridden people. “Treatment and accommodation are free. We would find resources from public. Although CPI (M) has formed the centre centre, we would give palliative care for all needy people, irrespective of their political affiliation,’’ says Jayarajan.
He said the Communist Party has a history of rushing help to people hit by epidemics in 1940’s.
The IRPC has already trained 1,800 volunteers in Kannur district. It has plans to start a new rehabilitation centre in Kannur. Each volunteer has contributed Rs 100 towards the maintenance of the care centre. The volunteers were trained with the support of the health and local bodies departments. The volunteers would go to homes to give care for the needy.
CPI (M) has entered into palliative politics when Kerala’s elderly population has been emerging as a huge human development challenge for the state, which has been witnessing a fast-paced demographic transition. In demographic transition, from a state with high mortality and high fertility to one with a low count in both of these fronts, Kerala outpaces rest of the country by 25 years.
Many other elderly people have been abandoned in their houses across the state, uncared for, their presence sometimes undetected till their death. There have also been instances of the elderly being dumped in public places and of going to court against their children.

PM Modi s visit may drive US rebalance in AsiaWill PM Narendra Modi's visit drive US 'pivot' towards Asia?
Ranjana Narayan     New Delhi/Washington   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 21:30 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to Taimei Elementary School in Tokyo (Photo: Reuters)
The United States' "pivot" towards Asia, now rechristened "strategic rebalance", could get new impetus during Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's summit talks with US President Barack Obama in Washington with America keen to get involved in connectivity projects in Southeast Asia, including those involving India.
The two leaders, Modi and Obama , are to hold talks in Washington on September 29-30.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
USA's keenness to participate in connectivity projects in Southeast Asia, including those running through Myanmar, would give it the much-needed toehold in the region that it needs to counter a rising and assertive China.
Beijing and Washington, though on apparently cordial terms, have had their moments of baring of fangs, including the most recent when on August 19, a Chinese fighter jet intercepted a US Navy Poseidon patrol plane in the South China Sea off the Chinese island of Hainan. The Chinese aircraft crossed close beneath the P-8 Poseidon three times, doing a "barrel roll" manoeuvre to show that it was armed. It was the fourth such incident in 2014, according to the Pentagon.
America is known to be keen on participating in connectivity projects through Myanmar, like the Trilateral Highway that is set to connect northeast India - from Moreh in Manipur to Mae Sot in Thailand, via Mandalay and Yangon in Myanmar.
The US has expressed its willingness to provide funding for such connectivity projects, highly placed sources told IANS.
China shares a 2,000-km border with Myanmar and has a strong economic presence in that country with major investment, including in pipelines, railways, hydropower projects and in mines. It views Myanmar as its gateway to the Indian Ocean.
Significantly, during the prime minister's visit to Tokyo earlier this month, India and Japan agreed to explore with the US the possibility of raising their joint secretary-level trilateral dialogue to the level of foreign ministers.
The Tokyo declaration issued after talks between Modi and his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe said, "They [the three countries] will also explore the possibility of expanding... Their consultations to other countries in the region."
Besides cooperation in Southeast Asia, India and the US are to also discuss the possibility of cooperation in Africa, especially in the development assistance projects being undertaken by the government in that continent.
One of the government's major initiatives in Africa is training grandmothers to become solar engineers - helping them build and repair solar lanterns. The women, mostly grandmothers, are selected from rural parts of Africa and trained in the Barefoot College in Tilonia, Rajasthan. The government bears the entire cost of the venture.
The US could be roped in to share the cost of the project and other development projects being undertaken by the country in that continent, said an official source.
In Afghanistan, too, both sides could find ways of cooperation in development projects, especially with the US-led international forces set to drawdown and a new unity government to be formed there.
(IANS)

CBI probe against Sebi chief vigilance officer PadmanabhanCBI probe against Sebi chief vigilance officer Padmanabhan
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 17:16 IST
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered a preliminary enquiry (PE) into the role of Securities and Exchange Board of India 's chief vigilance officer (CVO) R.K. Padmanabhan in connection with alleged weakening of a case against promoters of Bank of Rajasthan (BoR), which was being probed by the market regulator, and other suspected irregularities in the investigations. Sources said that Padmanabhan, a 1991-batch IPS officer from the Maharashtra cadre, will be investigated for allegedly diluting the case against the promoters of BoR.
It is alleged that Sebi did not levy adequate penalty on BoR promoters, who had made fraudulent declarations about their shareholding. BoR was acquired by ICICI Bank in 2010. Sources further said that on the basis of complaints received by CBI against Padmanabhan, who is also executive director (investigation) in Sebi, the agency has decided to register the PE.
Sebi found that shareholding of the promoters had increased from 46.8 per cent in June 2007 to 63.15 per cent in December 2009 whereas they had declared only 28.61-per cent shares.
Last year, Sebi slapped a fine on BoR's then-promoter Pravin Kumar Tayal-his brothers Sanjay and Navin-and his son Saurabh for violation of norms. It is alleged that while illgotten gains of the promoters made by making wrong disclosures were nearly Rs 700 crore, Sebi had imposed a penalty of only Rs 30 crore.
The penalty should have been in the range of more than Rs 2,000 crore. The PE will focus whether the case was allegedly weakened by the active participation of Sebi officials and the purported role played by Padmanabhan. In February, Securities Appellate Tribunal had upheld the penalty of Rs 4 crore each on Sanjay and Pravin.
However, a fine of Rs 1 crore imposed on each of them by Sebi was set aside. A group of minority shareholders in BoR have alleged serious lapses in the probe carried out by Padmanabhan. The group had alleged that being CVO, he is looking into these complaints against him which is a conflict of interest and against norms of Central Vigilance Commission manual.

Making cement less energy intensiveNEW DELHI, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 23:53 IST
Making cement less energy intensive
Meena Menon
renewable energy
An ongoing Indo-Swiss collaboration since 2005 is researching less energy intensive LC3 cement.
Even as the Central Government has tightened norms for cement industry emissions, an ongoing Indo-Swiss collaboration since 2005 is researching less energy intensive “LC3” cement which has reached a stage where it can be tested for feasibility in construction. India is the first country where LC3 is being tested in the laboratory and in the field on a large scale.
Swiss Ambassador Linus von Castelmur told The Hindu that the collaboration project since 2005 was a practical one to jointly develop climate change adaptation. “We have been looking for high impact solutions on low carbon as part of our global programme on climate change project ,” he said.
The research project involving the Federal Institute of Technology, Lausanne, and three Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT), Delhi, Madras and Mumbai, and Technology and Action for Rural Development (TARA) showcased the results to industries recently in the capital.
“We would like to see low carbon cement become the standard eventually,” Dr. von Castelmur said.
The project funded by Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation has a provision of $5 million in the next three years as it goes into a more intensive phase of trial production.
The research will be validated by three countries involved in scientific research-India, Switzerland and Cuba. The project proposes standards similar to what is being discussed in the European Union and seems to have evinced a lot of interest in the industry which wants to try out the new product.
Advantages
Shashank Bishnoi, Assistant Professor, Department of Civil Engineering, IIT Delhi, said the new cement was less energy intensive by 30 per cent and had other advantages. “We are testing this in a construction site and have built a two-storeyed building in Jhansi,” he said. The industry too seems keen for once. S. P. Pandey, Executive Director of Dalmia Bharat, said, “Less energy intensive cement is a technology of the future specially when there is a scarcity of limestone, the new process allows us to use less of it.
The clinker factor will be reduced and the cost of cement production will be lower and carbon emissions will be less. We are looking 10 years ahead in terms of conserving limestone.”
LC3 or Limestone Calcined Clay Cement, substitutes up to half of the carbon intensive materials and has the potential to generate 30 per cent less carbon dioxide emissions compared to traditional cement, a major reduction since cement today accounts for 5-8 per cent of man-made emissions, a statement said.

JSW Cement to increase capacityUpdated: September 27, 2014 23:51 IST
JSW Cement to increase capacity
N. Anand
construction and property
JSW Cement has drawn up 10-year plan to increase its production capacity by four-fold to 25 million tonnes, said its Chief Executive Officer, Anil Kumar Pillai.
At present, the company’s plants are located in Nandyal (Andhra Pradesh) with an annual capacity of 4.8 million tonnes, Vijayanagar (Karnataka) 0.7 million tonnes and Dolvi (Maharashtra) 0.6 million tonnes.
Talking to The Hindu, Mr. Pillai said: “To achieve the target, we will be setting up new plants at the existing site or purchase existing units. We have several options before us to finance the expansion programme.”
Going forward, JSW Cement would be setting up its second integrated 3 million tonnes clinker plant in Gulbarga (Karnataka) at a cost of about Rs.2,400 crore. It would produce 6 million tonnes of cement per annum. The capacity at Dolvi would be expanded. The investment for the new units was yet to be decided, said another official.
Portland slag cement
On Saturday, JSW Cement launched Portland Slag Cement in Tamil Nadu to double its market share of 6 per cent in the South.

Afghanistan awaits presidential inaugurationPress Trust of India | Kabul | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:02 pm
Afghans on Monday watched the country’s first transition of power since Hamid Karzai became president shortly after the 2001 U.S.-led invasion, as a ceremony opened to inaugurate incoming President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai following a long and contentious election campaign.
Ghani Ahmadzai entered the presidential palace wearing a dark black turban popular in the country’s south. His electoral challenger, Abdullah Abdullah, who is slated to fill the newly created position of chief executive, sat two seats away, with Karzai anchoring the spot in between.
Karzai, the only president Afghans and the West has known since the invasion, wore a wide smile as he greeted his presidential guards upon entering the palace. Karzai has said he is glad to be stepping down after more than a decade of what the U.S. ambassador recently said was one of the most difficult jobs in the world.
 
The inauguration caps a nearly six-month election season that began when ballots were first cast in April. A runoff election in June between Ghani Ahmadzai and Abdullah stretched on for weeks as both sides leveled charges of fraud. The United Nations helped carry out what it said was the most thorough recount in its history, a count that reduced Ghani Ahmadzai’s vote percentage from 56 percent to 55 percent, but still gave him the win.
But the real power struggle was taking place in marathon talks between the two sides, often brokered by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and other U.S. officials. The political deal the sides agreed to created the new position of chief executive that Abdullah will now fill.
U.S. officials have said they expect Ghani Ahmadzai to sign a security agreement with the U.S. shortly after his inauguration to allow about 10,000 American troops to stay in the country after the international combat mission ends on Dec. 31.
Meanwhile, violence continued Monday in Afghanistan. In the eastern province of Paktia, Capt. Mohammed Hekhlas said that a car bomb exploded near a government compound as gunmen attacked, sparking a gun battle that killed seven Taliban militants. Another police official, who gave his name as Azimullah, said four police officers and two civilians also were killed.
In Kabul, where the city is readying for the presidential inauguration, a roadside bomb exploded on the airport road. Officials said no one was hurt or killed.

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella in HyderabadComments
Microsoft chief executive officer (CEO) Satya Nadella today addressed the employees at the company's India Development Centre (IDC) in Hyderabad.
Nadella shared his vision during the address at IDC, the biggest campus of the software giant outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US.
A company official told IANS that the CEO visited the IDC campus located at Gachibowli in the morning.
Nadella later held a closed-door meeting with the top officials of the company at IDC, set up here in 1998.
Nadella is visiting India for the first time after assuming the top position in February.
The visit is kept highly secretive by the Microsoft authorities and the state government officials. Nadella, it is learnt, has met the Telangana chief minister K C Rao briefly on Sunday.
There was no official word about Nadella's other engagements in the city. He is likely to leave for New Delhi later in the day and attend a few programmes in the national capital Tuesday before returning to the US.
He also spoke to Andhra Pradesh CM Nara Chandrababu Naidu over phone and is expected to meet him. Naidu is trying hard to rope in Nadella, who hails from Anantapur in AP, to invest in Vizag which the state wants to make the IT hub.
Naidu was away in Visakhapatnam today to inaugurate an IT and start-up incubation centre in the port city to give a push to IT in Andhra Pradesh post formation of separate Telangana.
Both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana governments are said to be keen on taking the help of Nadella for promotion of IT.
Nadella, son of retired IAS officer B N Yungandhar, is an alumnus of Hyderabad Public School.
The microsoft CEO is scheduled to participate in a Nasscom event this week in Delhi.
However, there was no immediate response to an email sent to a spokesperson of Microsoft for details of Nadella's visit to MSIDC.
 

Left behind by the charging bulls Here s how to still make gainsMissed the stock rally? Here's how you can still rake in profits
Sanket Dhanorkar, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
bull market
(The consensus is that the…)
Once every year in the Brazilian capital of Rio de Janeiro, almost the entire nation stops and participates in the feverish merrymaking of the carnival. Nobody wants to miss out on the fun. Over the past year, the Indian stock market has also been witness to a carnival of sorts.
Equity investors bid goodbye to a bruising six-year-long volatile market as the sentiment turned decidedly bullish.
However, the similarity between the two carnivals ends here. A large part of the public here completely stayed away from the 'festivities' and only a handful of individuals really benefited from the rally. Most small investors remained on the sidelines, either afraid to venture into the stock market due to their previous bad experience, or unconvinced about the revival story, or both.
If you are among such investors, you are likely to be in a bind now. You can see the rewards that patient investors are reaping and want to get a piece of the pie. However, if you are trying to catch the bus, be aware of what you are getting into. The previous bull markets have shown enough instances of people ending up taking rash decisions as they tried to make up for lost opportunities. In the pages that follow, we lay out a path for all those who have been left behind by the charging bulls.
Should you jump in now?
If you have stayed away from the market all this time, do not be hard on yourself. The extent of the rally has caught even some seasoned market professionals by surprise.
Stocks prices have soared across the board, with some stocks doubling or even tripling in value. The big question is whether the bull market is likely to continue or is a correction waiting to happen? The consensus is that the Indian economy, after a long and exhausting ordeal, is well-placed to clock higher growth in the years to come. A confluence of various positives is expected to provide a big fillip to economic growth and corporate earnings. Nandkumar Surti, CEO, JP Morgan Asset Management Company, says that a combination of factors indicates that corporate profitability should steadily improve over the coming quarters. There is a strong leadership at the RBI and the Centre, proactive steps are being taken by the government to tackle inflation and crude oil prices are low, which augur well for the fiscal and current account deficit. "The equity market indices are a slave of corporate earning numbers and as long as the economic conditions continue to improve, the markets should continue with the positive trend in line with the earnings momentum," adds Surti.
  In a big endorsement of India's growth prospects under a new pro-reform government, global credit rating agency S&P revised India's credit outlook last week from 'negative' to 'stable'. This will further boost investor sentiment and attract a higher foreign flow into the domestic market.
The good news for investors is that most experts are convinced there is still a lot of steam left in the market. Even if you missed the initial rally, there is scope to make gains now. At 27,000, the Sensex may look lofty enough to deter investors from putting in money at these levels. This is where investors are getting the math completely wrong, says Vikas Gupta, executive vice-president, Arthveda Fund Management. Gupta argues that investors should not look at absolute index levels. "Though the market is at an alltime high in terms of absolute levels, such levels are hardly a measure of the true price of the markets."
Indeed, if you look at metrics such as price to earnings (PE) ratio and price to book value (PBV) ratio, the valuations are still below historic levels. This suggests that there is still scope for more gains. When the Sensex hit its previous peak in 2008, it was trading at 28 times its past 12 months' earnings. During the 2010 peak, it was at 24 times. By comparison, at the peak of 27,355 earlier this month, the Sensex PE was 19 (see graph).
Experts say that those wanting to invest in stocks must step in now. Waiting for a correction to get a foot-hold in the market would not be a good idea. Nirakar Pradhan, CIO, Future Generali Life Insurance, says, "More money is lost in the stock market by waiting for correction than in actual correction. Rather than waiting for a correction, one should enter the market and follow a structured approach to investing in equity now." So if you are keen on putting in some money now, go ahead and do it. However, do not step into the market blindly. Make sure you have a proper strategy in place as you look to ride the unfolding recovery.
5 THINGS INVESTORS SHOULD DO NOW
1. Don't be in a hurry to build your equity allocation.
Having missed the rally and given the promise of gains still to be made, many investors would be tempted to dive headlong into the market now. They may try to ramp up their equity exposure in order to make up for the lost time. But diving into the deep end of the pool will not be a good idea, feel experts.

Govt focused on putting economy on upward trajectory: PM Modi | Full CoverageBharatiya Janata Party
(PM said there would be no…)
NEW YORK: Asserting that trade and commerce leads international relations in today's age, Prime Minister Narendra Modi assured the Indian-American community here that his government is determined to put the economy on an upward trajectory by focussing on key sectors like agriculture, manufacturing and services.
"In today's world, it is trade and commerce that leads international relations and drives the economies," Modi said at a dinner hosted in his honour by Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar.
Modi, after having addressed nearly 20,000 people of the Indian community at a rock-star style event in Madison Square Garden, spoke briefly to the select gathering of eminent men and women and underscored his government's focus and efforts to move forward on development and make India a magnet of investment.
"Our entire focus is on the growth of economic activity, on how to grow the economy be it agriculture, manufacturing or services," he said.
"I believe that for a healthy economy, one-third agriculture, one-third manufacturing, one-third services sector - if all these grow simultaneously then even if one of the sectors faces a decline, the country's economy will not be immensely impacted."
He, however, said that if the economy rests wholly on any one of the sectors, it will not be able to bear the brunt of even slight disruptions.
His government is focussed on the manufacturing sector. In manufacturing sector there needs to be creation of small jobs.
"Our efforts is that India should progress and develop in all three sectors," he said adding that in the services sector tourism has a huge scope.
"In today's age one sector that has the most potential for growth is tourism. It is estimated that three trillion dollars worth of business lies in the tourism sector," he said, adding that India has not taken advantage of the huge potential that tourism holds and has not even scratched the surface in achieving its potential in the tourism sector.
"Our endeavour is that tourism should grow. I believe that terrorism divides and tourism unites," he said to a rousing applause by the audience as he said that when tourism grows, then everyone from the "autoricksha walah, taxi walah and chaiwala" earns.
Citing India's philosophy of 'Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam', he said there would be no need of any tourism promotion if one Indian family in the US motivates five non Indian families to travel to India as a tourist.
It would be a big service to the nation, he said. Modi said if the country moves in the direction of economic development and growth, in the direction of providing more and more people with employment and if growth accelerates on a fast pace, India will become a centre of attraction for the world and it will not be required to invite anyone.
"Our growth story will move forward on its own," he said and assured the people that his government is trying to move in that direction with all seriousness and sincerity.
Modi sought cooperation from Indian-Americans in his effort to revive the Indian economy.
The reception was attended by about 712 invited guests including Pepsi Co chief Indra Nooyi, Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga and Harvard Business School Dean Nitin Nohria among scores of other eminent Indian-Americans, US government officials, lawmakers and business tycoons.
  The guests on the Prime Minister's table were Representative Ed Royce, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Nooyi, Asia Scholar Visakha Desai, the Indian ambassador.
Among the Congressmen who were invited to the reception were Joe Crowley, Ed Royce, Ami Bera, Tulsi Gabbard, Jim McDermott and Frank Pallone.
The other eminent guests included Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal, Director General of the US and Foreign Commercial Service Arun Kumar, American physician nominated by U S President Barack Obama to serve as the 19th Surgeon General of the United States Vivek Murthy, New President of Indian-American Doctors' Association Ravi Jahagirdar, filmmaker Trilok Malik, senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Ashley Tellis, Chairman of the Mississippi Board of Mental Health Sampat Shivangi and Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, AppNet Ken Bajaj.
Among the eminent Indians present were vice-president and general secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party Ram Madhav, former head of the Confederation of India Industry Tarun Das and veteran journalist M J Akbar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets in green; Strides Arcolab surges over 6%Sensex, Nifty rangebound, Sun Pharma top gainer; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.18PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range on Monday, with gainers including names like TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow bank around its crucial psychological level of 7950.
Sun Pharma (up 2.5 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.86 per cent), BHEL (up 1.6 per cent), TCS (up 1.54 per cent) and Cipla (up 1.1 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
At 3:17 pm, the Sensex was at 26,602.11; down 24.21 points. The broader 50-share Nifty was at 7,958.80; down 10.05 points.
Technically, Nifty has taken support from its 50 DMA and closed comfortably above 7950 level. However, the index continues to trade below its short term moving averages which is likely to induce some amount of pressure at higher levels.
"The market breadth was quite encouraging and revival in midcap as well as small cap stocks indicates that Nifty may continue its upward journey in coming days," LKP said in a report.
"The index is likely to face resistance at 8050-8100 level in short term," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Financial Technologies & MCX: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 10:00 a.m.; Financial Technologies was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 227 and MCX was up 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 794.45.
Federal Bank: Federal Bank has sanctioned a term loan of Rs 500 crore to Cochin International Airport Ltd (CIAL) for the construction of the new International terminal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 124.50.
KFA: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.2 per cent higher at Rs 1.95.
Oil India Ltd: Energy major Oil India said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 605.45.
ONGC: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 407.70.
IDBI Bank: IDBI Bank today said the board of directors has approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and also decided to infuse an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.96 per cent higher at Rs 63.25.
Deepak Fertilisers Ltd: In a bid to take control of the Vijay Mallaya's fertiliser firm MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers has sought support from MCFL's independent directors on its open offer saying that rival bidder Zuari's win will help "wilful defaulter" Mallya continue to head the firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 159.50.
DLF Ltd: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.10 per cent higher at Rs 162.30.
TD Power Systems Ltd: Share of Bengaluru-based TD Power rallied over 7 per cent in trade after the Reserve Bank of India allowed registered foreign portfolios investors to purchase up to 100 per cent of TD Power Systems under the Portfolio Investment Scheme.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.3 per cent higher at Rs 347.95.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi s failure to deliver is biggest risk: Jim O NeillFIIS
(The new PM has done a pretty…)
Standard & Poor's upgrade of India's credit outlook is good news but not dramatic, said Jim O'Neill, a noted economist and former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
In an interview with ET, O'Neill, who coined the acronym BRIC in 2001 to describe Brazil, Russia, India and China, said India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated but it all depends on Narendra Modi to deliver to match the increased optimism of foreign investors. Edited excerpts:
Will S&P's India outlook upgrade change investors' outlook towards Indian stocks?
One has to see whether the rating agency's action is following the market, leading the market, or coinciding with the market. Indian markets in particular have performed very well in the last four months since Modi was elected as the prime minister. Obviously, the markets have already become optimistic about India. I don't think the S&P outlook upgrade is dramatic news, but it's definitely good news.
How severe would be the impact of possible interest rate hike in the US on emerging markets including India?
The US monetary policy is crucial for global markets. Investors are starting to worry about the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
The event will be negative for global markets — whether it's developing markets or developed markets — and India cannot do anything about it.
Hence, India should concentrate on the macros over which it has control, and not get worried about what is happening in the US or elsewhere.
Having said that India this time is better prepared than 18 months ago, when the tapering of QE programme was announced.
FII flows into India have slowed down in the past two months and have turned negative in the past few trading sessions. Should markets be worried about it?
Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve. People are anticipating more volatile markets, going ahead, and here India cannot do anything about it.
Indian markets have seen severe bouts of volatility in recent trading sessions. Do you think the bull market is showing signs of fatigue and will consolidate, going forward?
Markets never move in a straight line and that's the reality. The Sensex is up about 26% year to date and things don't move in the same direction every week. Though more volatility in Indian markets will surprise me, people should not be thinking that this is the end of the Indian market rally. India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated, but it all depends on Modi to deliver on increased optimism of foreign investors.
Do you think valuation of the Indian market, which is relatively high compared to many emerging markets, is a cause for concern?
I am not really concerned about valuations. It's quite possible that Indian analysts may not be upgrading before the earnings. As I have said if the broad virtuous cycle continues, where the rating agencies get more happy, the business people get more happy, and Modi takes further economic reforms, then the GDP in the second half of this decade will easily be around 7.5% or more. And if this happens, then the consensus earnings forecast will get revised upwards.
Has the government delivered in line with the expectations of foreign investors?
I think Modi has done a pretty good job so far, based on the intentions of the government. I would like to see the execution of minimum government and maximum governance. I would like to see the reduction in dominance of bureaucracy. I would like to say here for all the things which the government has started, without better governance nothing can be achieved.
Though there are many things which need to be adjusted as people are more optimistic about the new government. There is a need to make strong macroeconomic policy framework, a lot of work has to been done to bring energy efficiency, environmental efficiency. Many restrictions on FDI have to be removed.
Brent crude oil along with other major commodity prices have eased considerably. To what extent will it help in tackling macro challenges?
The easing commodity prices in one way offset to some degree the US Fed's monetary tightening policy. The easing commodity prices also help in bringing down inflation and this makes easier for India to tackle some of its marco challenges.
Do you think the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will reduce interest rates in the near future as easing commodity prices have given respite?
It depends on the virtuous cycle. If the commodity prices continue to soften, going forward, then it will be extremely helpful in reducing Indian inflation. It's important that India's central bank gets greater independence and makes sure that low inflation becomes part of India's culture. I don't think there is a need to rush for lowering interest rates. If the virtuous cycle continues than India would definitely benefit from lower interest rates.
Which are the major risks associated with the Indian markets which investors should be aware of?
Among the major risks to Indian markets, the biggest would be if Modi fails to deliver what he has promised, and second is the possible interest rate hike in the US which is going to impact everybody including India. Apart from these, I don't see any major risks to India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors should not expect a ratings upgrade for another one year: CLSACLSA
(Mainly echoes the widespread…)
NEW DELHI: S&P revised its outlook on India's BBB sovereign credit rating to 'stable' from 'negative' last week, which is a welcome move, but essentially the rating agency is playing catch up, CLSA has said in a report.
"S&P is essentially playing catch-up as the possibility of such an action had been talked about in the last few weeks," says the Asia-focussed broker.
The action is welcome, but mainly echoes the widespread acknowledgement of the significant turnaround in India's macro environment and the political backdrop.
The rating agency had lowered its outlook on India's sovereign credit rating in April 2012. Now with the revision in its outlook to stable, S&P is acknowledging what financial markets and investors have already acted upon, it says.
With the revision in its outlook to stable, S&P is acknowledging stable macros, including improving fiscal and CA deficits, post-election improvement in investor confidence and growth dynamics.
CLSA has clarified that there is often a misunderstanding among local investors and media about a change in sovereign credit rating and a change in outlook on the rating.
S&P's revision is not a credit rating upgrade and also does not signal increased probability of a rating upgrade. CLSA expects S&P to stick to its BBB rating (this is one notch above junk) for India.
The global brokerage firm is of the view that the government will come through with some reforms, but a sovereign credit rating upgrade over the next 12-18 months is highly unlikely.
All the three main rating agencies now have India's sovereign credit rating at one notch above junk grade and with a stable outlook.
Equities , INR and bonds understandably reacted positively to S&P's revision. But this is at best a kneejerk reaction, says CLSA.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After Madison Square show  Modi to meet Obama  woo American CEOsComments
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs at a breakfast meeting with top US executives on Monday, saying the country was open-minded and ready for change.
Modi’s message to industry bigwigs in New York comes in the midst of his promises to make his country more attractive for doing business.
Addressing top executives, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, the PM spoke on the recent Supreme Court order cancelling more than 200 coal block allocations due to illegalities, a move that has added to an environment of policy uncertainty in India after the earlier scrapping of 2G telecom spectrums.
“(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward & clean up the past,” Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs tweeted, quoting the Prime Minister as saying.
Modi also discussed steps that can be taken to enhance India's business environment.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," another of Akbaruddin’s tweets, quoting the Prime Minister, said."
Read: Narendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
The country had also failed to pass key economic reform laws in the last few years of the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance government, a problem Modi promised to tackle after coming to power in an absolute majority.
"Infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs & enhances quality of life of our citizens," Modi told the CEOs.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Read: Modi moves to resurrect India lobby
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.

I got Rajya Sabha seat for Athawale: Uddhav ThackerayComments
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray Monday made an embarrassing revelation in Mumbai that he had personally intervened to secure a Rajya Sabha seat for Dalit leader Ramdas Athawale.
The revelation came in the wake of Republican Party of India (Athawale) decision to ally with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which snapped alliance with the Shiv Sena last Thursday.
"I personally went to meet (then Gujarat chief minister) Narendra Modi and (then BJP president) Rajnath Singh on this issue...I clearly said if they wanted to see Modi as the next prime minister, it was imperative to get Dalit support in Maharashtra," Uddhav Thackeray said while pitching for a Rajya Sabha seat for Athawale last year.
In the party mouthpiece 'Saamana', Thackeray claimed that the BJP leaders barely concealed their displeasure and even changed their paths whenever Athawale came in front of them, especially when he implored them for a cabinet berth after the 2014 Lok Sabha election.
"We gave him a Rajya Sabha seat...That's enough...As it is, he is the Shiv Sena' burden...Why should we carry it?...No BJP leader ever felt it is important to honour Dalits by making Athawale a minister," Uddhav said, adding this was the BJP's refrain on Athawale.
He said the BJP was reluctant to give a Rajya Sabha seat to accommodate Athawale last year when the BJP grand alliance flourished in Maharashtra.
Thackeray alleged that BJP president Amit Shah reportedly lured Athawale with a central cabinet berth and other goodies, but reportedly asked him (Athawale) to keep his party (RPI-A) in the dark about it.
The Shiv Sena chief pointed out that it was the late party patriarch Bal Thackeray's cherished vision to unite the two powerful forces in state politics - 'Shiv Shakti and Bhim Shakti' - (Shiv Sena and Dalits).
"Bal Thackeray used to say that Maharashtra has only two Gods - Chhatrapati Shivaji and B.R. Ambedkar...Our religions may be different but our blood is common...We must unitedly capture power in the state...But, now the BJP has thrown some bones before Athawale and he has fallen for it," Uddhav said.
Admitting he had nothing "in hand" to readily offer, Uddhav reiterated the Shiv Sena's commitment to make Athawale the deputy chief minister if the party is swept to power in the October 15 state assembly polls.
"Come, let's work together...This state belongs not only to Chhatrapati Shivaji, but also to Balasaheb (Thackeray) and Babasaheb (Ambedkar)...Let's take it forward unitedly," Uddhav urged.

Big protests for democracy in Hong Kong  thousands choke main roadsHong Kong protesters set for new night of clashes
Agencies
more photos »
The ranks of Hong Kong democracy protesters who have paralysed parts of the city swelled into their tens of thousands Monday, digging in for another night of confrontation with police in their campaign for free elections.
In the worst unrest since the former British colony was handed back to China in 1997, demonstrators fought hours of running battles with police Sunday night, choking on clouds of tear gas as officers attempted to suppress the crowds.
Riot police retreated Monday, handing demonstrators both a major morale boost and control of three major thoroughfares on the key financial hub's main island and across the harbour.
But protesters defied government calls to go home and instead readied themselves to counter any new attempt by police to retake the streets. 
Pro-democracy groups are locked in a struggle with the city's authorities over China's refusal to grant unfettered democracy, in one of the most significant challenges to Beijing's authority since the bloody Tiananmen protests of 1989.
Public anger over rampant inequality and Beijing's political interference is at its highest in years in a city once renowned for its stability.
Last month China said Hong Kongers could elect their next leader in 2017 but only candidates who had been vetted would be allowed to stand -- a decision critics branded a "fake democracy".
At the largest protest site in Admiralty district, where many international businesses are based, crowds swelled to some 20,000 people by the afternoon, AFP reporters estimated, taking over nearly a kilometre of highway.
Smaller protests in their low thousands blocked key thoroughfares throughout the day in Mongkok and Causeway Bay, two densely packed shopping districts.
"I'm staying until the end, until we get what we want to get, which is true democracy," 18-year-old high school student Michael Wan told AFP, surrounded by thousands of fellow supporters sheltering under umbrellas from the hot sun.
Underlining their assertive stance, some 1,000 masked protesters gathered outside a police station where senior officers held a press conference defending their liberal use of tear gas against crowds on Sunday night.
Tear gas used '87 times'
Assistant Commissioner Cheung Tak-keung said tear gas was used "87 times" at nine different locations.
"Force is used in a situation when we have no other alternatives," he said, adding officers were compelled to deploy the gas when "police cordon lines were heavily charged by some protesters".
However, the Hong Kong Bar Association condemned "excessive and disproportionate use of force" against crowds which it said were clearly predominantly peaceful.
Demonstrators are calling on the city's leader Leung Chun-ying to resign and for Beijing to drop its demand that candidates standing in the next leadership election be vetted by a loyalist committee.
Analysts said it was difficult to predict what might happen next, with the protesters pitted against a Beijing leadership that brooks no dissent on the mainland.
"The difficulty is that there seems to be no going back for both sides," said Surya Deva, a law professor at the City University of Hong Kong. "Which side will blink first is difficult to say, but I think protestors will prevail in the long run."
Students boycotted classes in the past week, and spearheaded the storming of the government's headquarters on the weekend, a move that prompted pro-democracy group Occupy Central to bring forward a mass civil disobedience campaign due to start on October 1.
Reiterating China's hardline stance, foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Beijing opposed "illegal actions that undermine the rule of law and social security".
Hong Kong's leader Leung Chun-ying also dismissed rumours circulating on social media that he planned to call in the Chinese military, which stations a garrison in the city.
"There is absolutely no proof of this," he said.
Commuters frustrated
The ongoing protests forced the closure of many schools and businesses and caused widespread disruption to commuters.
The city's stock exchange opened as usual, but ended the session down 1.90 percent as investors fretted about the impact the ongoing disruption could have on a key regional market.
City authorities also said an annual public fireworks show planned for the October 1 National Day holiday would be cancelled.
Police said 41 people have been injured, including 12 officers in the past few days, and 78 arrests made for offences ranging from forcible entry into government premises, unlawful assembly, disorderly conduct in public place and assaulting public officers.
Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 under a "one country, two systems" deal that guarantees liberties not seen on the mainland, including freedom of speech and the right to protest.
But tensions have been building in the southern Chinese city over fears that these freedoms are being eroded, as well as perceived political interference from Beijing.
Britain voiced concern Monday about the escalating protests and called for an upcoming consultation process to produce a "meaningful advance for democracy" in the former colony.

Plot allotmentrow casts shadow on new CJIPlot allotment row casts shadow on new CJI
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 28, 2014
First Published: 11:22 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:46 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
A two-decade-old controversy over housing society plot allotments to some of the most prominent members of the Indian judiciary has become relevant once again as Supreme Court judge HL Dattu assumed the most powerful judicial office in the country on Sunday.
New Chief Justice of India Justice Dattu, and two of his Supreme Court colleagues – TS Thakur and V Gopala Gowda – are among the judges who accepted the plots in defiance of a 1995 ruling by the Karnataka high court that judges were ineligible to participate in the land scheme.
The issue of the allotments has surfaced repeatedly since 1994 when the first judges purchased the plots from the society meant for court employees.
Justice HL Dattu takes oath as the new Chief Justice of India on Sunday. (Photo Courtesy: Doordarshan)
Recently another top Judge, KL Manjunath, has seen his planned elevation to Chief Justice the Punjab and Haryana high court complicated by his participation in the allotment row, which has been cited in press reports as among the factors motivating a possible impeachment bid against him.
 
The state government originally acquired the land for the project from farmers in 1991 and sold it to the Karnataka State Judicial Department Employees House Building Cooperative Society (KSJDEHBCS) at a huge subsidy so that it could fulfill the ‘public purpose’ of housing court employees who could not afford alternative accommodation.
However, soon after the colony was formed near the Bangalore airport, judges too started enrolling as members and accepting the steeply discounted plots.
Sale deeds with HT show that Justice Dattu was first allotted a 2,400 sq. ft. plot by the society for Rs. 61,598 at Rs. 15 per sq. ft. on June 30, 1997.
He was allotted another 4,000 sq. ft. plot on October 26, 2002, for Rs. 1,02,666 at Rs. 25 per sq. Land in the surrounding areas was selling for no less than Rs. 1,500 a sq. ft. at the time.
A society official, who helped HT in this investigation, claimed that Justice Dattu surrendered the first plot in February 2003 after other members objected to the double allotment.
On June 21, 2010, he gifted the other plot to his grandson Mihir Adithya who was three years old at the time.
According to local realtors who spoke to HT, a minimum of Rs. 8,000 per sq. ft. is now the going rate in the area. At those prices, the plot justice Dattu acquired for just over a lakh in 2002 and subsequently gifted to his grandson is worth more than Rs. 3 crore today.
Documents obtained by HT indicate that the judicial employees’ society irregularly allotted plots to at least another 73 judges between 1994 and 2006.
See: List of 73 judges
The society by-laws define a member as “an employee of the judicial department in Karnataka [who] has put in a minimum continuous or intermittent service of five years in Karnataka.” But judges, as affirmed by repeated Supreme Court rulings, are not employees of the department.
The matter of judges benefitting from this subsidised project meant for court employees was taken to the Karnataka high court through a writ and resulted in a ruling that the allotment to judges was an “irregularity”.
A division bench of the high court ruled on October 12, 1995: “A reading of Clause-7 of the bye-laws, in our view, by no stretch of imagination can include the judges of High Court or Supreme Court (sitting, transferred, retired)."
In an exclusive to HT, Justice (retd) MF Saldanha, who was part of the division bench, spoke about the ethical and legal questions arising out of the allotment.
Watch: Justice (retd) Saldanha's interview to HT  
But the allotment to judges did not stop. Judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda purchased the plots from 1996 onwards, after this ruling was passed. Nearly 50 judges accepted plots from the society after the high court ruling.
A joint legislature committee of the Karnataka assembly submitted a report in 2007 and added: “It is most unfortunate that the KSJDEHBCS, which should have been a model to other house building cooperative societies, has itself become the leading law- breaker without the least fear or care for the law, propriety of public interest. It has indulged in acts of favour, cronyism and capricious indifference to law at its will. Obviously, High Court judges and powerful persons as its members and beneficiaries will ensure immunity to all its illegal acts.”
Although the committee’s report was put in cold storage, the issue came alive again with the appointment of former Supreme Court judge Shivraj V Patil as Karnataka Lokayukta in 2011. A media expose of the plots received by him from the judicial employees’ society forced him to resign as the state’s anti-corruption ombudsman just over a month after he took charge.
The Lokayukta’s post remained vacant for 17 months after Justice Patil’s resignation as the then BJP government struggled to find a judge who had not benefited from the scheme. Every time the government announced a candidate, the media would expose his allotment. Matters came to a head when the then governor HR Bhardwaj refused to approve the appointment of a former judge following media reports about his plot.
The present Lokayukta, Justice Y Bhaskar Rao, also a plot allottee, was appointed in an atmosphere vitiated by protests from sections of the opposition and hostile reports in the media.
The ethical question that laid siege to the Karnataka Lokayukta’s office for 17 months, however, did not prevent the mobility of judges through the collegium system of judicial appointments. Many went on to preside over various high courts in the country as well as the Supreme Court of India.
Indeed, justice Dattu and Justice Thakur are today ranked second and third in terms of seniority in the apex court’s panel of 26 judges. They are also members of the collegium that vets and appoints judges to the higher judiciary.
HT met justice Dattu at his farmhouse and had a tele-conversation with Justice Gopala Gowda on September 12 to seek a response. Both judges declined to comment but said that a letter written to the society president by former Chief Justice of India, MN Venkatachalaiah, who is also an allotee, clarified everything.
Society president K Sippe Gowda told HT, “Justice Gowda called me a few minutes ago and asked me to give you that letter. But I have lost it. I don’t know where it is.” Asked how he could lose such an important document, he said, “I didn’t think it was that important.”
Justice Thakur did not respond to repeated requests for comment sent through his staff.
Today, the two colonies formed by the society are bustling centres of real estate trading with some of the biggest builders in the city hawking luxury apartments costing in excess of Rs. 2 crore.
Despite a condition in each sale deeds requiring owners to construct a house within two years of receiving a plot those allotted to judges Dattu, Thakur and Gowda remain vacant.

Narendra Modi makes a big splash in US media after reception at Madison SquareGardenPrime Minister Narendra Modi waves to the crowd as he arrives to give a speec at Madison Square Garden. (Source: AP photos)
Indo-Asian News Service | Washington | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:48 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 3:12 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rock star like reception by a rapturous Indian-American community at Madison Square Garden made quite a splash in the US media too ahead of his summit on Monday with President Barack Obama.
Modi “ sold himself on Sunday as a onetime tea vendor who wanted to lift India to glory by cleaning up the country , clearing the way for business and preparing its young citizens to be the work force of an aging world,” wrote the New York Times.
“His speech at Madison Square Garden telegraphed a wish list on the eve of his first meeting with President Obama, while also deftly rallying an influential diaspora to his side,” suggested the influential daily.
“Modi is here to sell a new New India, with himself as the man who can be trusted to deliver on its promise,” noted the Times.
But it also wondered “whether he is willing or able to bridge India’s wide differences with the United States on tax policy, climate change, outsourcing, intellectual property rights and other issues.”
Supporters cheer and wave Indian flags as Prime Minister Narendra Modi gives a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States. (Source: AP photo)
In a similar vein, The Washington Post suggested: “Modi will arrive in Washington Monday a hero to a majority of the region’s large and successful Indian American community.
“But he will also face protests from some Indian minority groups who call him a Hindu extremist and say he failed to control deadly religious riots a decade ago,” it said.
A screen displays Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing the audience. (Source: AP)
At Sunday’s reception, “nearly 20,000 Indian Americans cheered Modi, with many saying his visit should enhance India’s roller-coaster relationship with the United States and put a fresh face on his once-tainted leadership,” the Post commented.
Disputes between India and US continue over trade and foreign policy, the daily said, citing the example of India’s stand over Ukraine, but noted “much of the Indian diaspora is eager to push the two countries even closer.”
An aerial view of the audience as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses Indian Americans at the Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: AP)
“India’s Prime Minister Modi thrills, angers in New York.” USA Today so headlined a story about how Modi “took on rock star status” at Sunday’s reception before he heads to the White House for meetings with Obama Monday and Tuesday.
“Modi, speaking in Hindi, used the rally that included members of Congress and other dignitaries to list what the world’s continued…

O Panneerselvam breaks down while taking oath as Tamil NaduCMAIADMK leader O Panneerselvam gets emotional while taking oath as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister in absence of jailed party chief J Jayalalithaa at Raj Bhavan, Chennai on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:40 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:04 am
Jayalalithaa loyalist O Panneerselvam was on Monday sworn-in as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, succeeding his party supremo two days after her conviction in an illegal assets case.
Two days after J Jayalalithaa was convicted in a disproportionate assets case, a tearful O Panneerselvam, a loyalist of the former Tamil Nadu chief minister, was sworn-in as her successor at Raj Bhavan on Monday.
Panneerselvam was unanimously elected as the leader of the AIADMK legislature party Sunday. The 63-year-old has taken over as CM for the second time — his first term, which lasted six months, was in September 2001 after Jayalalithaa had to step down following a Supreme Court direction in the Tansi land deal case.
Also Read: Karunanidhi, Stalin booked for clash between DMK-AIADMK workers
As Governor K Rosaiah administered the oath to Panneerselvam, the new CM could be seen wiping his eyes. The swearing-in ceremony, for which the media and the opposition parties were not invited, witnessed emotional scenes as several MLAs broke down, people present at the venue said.
Along with Panneerselvam, 30 ministers took oath on Monday. Panneerselvam will be holding key portfolios including home, finance and public works departments.
Also Read: Jayalalithaa begins day with morning walk; not allowed to meet visitors
“It was a mournful swearing-in ceremony. When Amma is behind bars, nobody expects us to celebrate,” said an party MLA. After the ceremony, the governor could be seen comforting Panneerselvam.
Those who know the new chief minister describe him as a god-fearing man who prays almost every day. Though he was labelled a rubber stamp CM in 2001, he is known for his patience and friendly behaviour towards MLAs from his own parts, as well as the opposition.
His first political stint was as a municipal ward secretary. He later contested and won the post of municipality chairman in 1996. When Panneerselvam was elected as CM in 2001, it was his first term in the Tamil Nadu Assembly.
Hailing from Periyakulam near Theni in the southern part of Tamil Nadu, he is the eldest among three sisters and two brothers.

Mahindra to launch Gusto on September29Express News Service | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:27 pm
Mahindra has officially revealed the name of their upcoming scooter. Called to be Gusto, this is the same scooter which was codenamed as G101 in the internal circuits of Mahindra and whose innumerable spy pics have flourished in the web world in the past few months.  Mahindra will officially launch the Gusto on September 29 in the Northern and Western regions of India as well as Nepal, which will be followed by the remaining regions of India later.
The Mahindra Gusto is built on a totally new platform, and will be powered by an all new 110cc engine. Made fully of aluminium, this new mill will have enough grunt to churn out 8PS of power and 9 Nm of torque. Keeping in mind the consumer feedback and lessons from the previous offerings, the scooter is said to have some exclusive and innovative user-friendly features, which have been unseen in a scooter till date.
The Gusto is believed to fare extremely well on the aspects of ride quality and handling, courtesy the 12-inch wheels on both ends and front telescopic suspension.The Mahindra Gusto is targeted at the entry-level 110cc competitors with its unisex design, which will surely appeal to the customers of varying age groups. Till date, the attempts from Mahindra have been a bit unsuccessful in making a dent in the sales of segment’s best sellers, such as Honda Activa and TVS Jupiter.
The Gusto will be Mahindra’s most affordable offering in the scooter segment till date, and will be positioned below the Duro DZ. With the Gusto, Mahindra intends to up the ante in the scooter segment, especially on the cards of features and ride quality. Now all Mahindra needs to do is to price the Gusto right from the word go, and if that happens, Mahindra can repeat the success story of Centuro in the scooter segment as well.

Govt cancels SEZs of Hindalco  Essar  Adani; sites no "satisfactory" progress as reasonGovernment cancels SEZs of Hindalco, Essar, Adani
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 02.55PM IST
Tags:
Adani
(The government has cancelled approvals…)
NEW DELHI: The government has cancelled approvals of nine special economic zones, including that of Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani as no "satisfactory" progress was made to execute the projects.
The decision was taken in the meeting of the Board of Approval (BoA) headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher on September 18.
"The Board noted that the progress made by the following developers/co-developers is not satisfactory. The Board, after deliberations, decided to cancel the formal approval/ notification/co-developer status, as the case may be, in 9 cases," Commerce Ministry said.
It said the developers have to refund the duty benefits availed by them.
"The approval is subject to the Development Commissioner furnishing a certificate... that the developer has not availed any tax/duty benefits under SEZ Act/Rules or has refunded any such benefits availed by it and subject to the state government furnishing it's no objection certificate to the proposal," it added.
Hindalco Industries had proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa. The formal approval to the developer was granted in July 2007. The developer was granted extension from time to time and the last extension granted expired on December 31, 2013.
Essar Jamnagar SEZ Ltd, which had proposed to set up a multi-product zone in Gujarat, got formal approval in August 2006. It was expired in August 2009. The developer did not make any request for further extension of approval.
Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company Ltd had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat. The BoA granted formal approval in June 2007, which expired in June 2010.
The developer had reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector and accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project.
The other developers whose SEZs were cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation .
As per SEZ rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years, by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production.
Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days, forward it to the Board with his recommendations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry Passport launched |  For corporat...BlackBerry Passport launched in India for Rs 49,990
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 29 Sep, 2014, 12.59PM IST
The Passport is a departure from the usual smartphone design and has a square shape. Its 4.5-inch touchscreen has an aspect ratio of 1:1 with a resolution of 1440 x 1440 pixels.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BlackBerry has launched its new flagship smartphone, BlackBerry Passport in India for Rs 49,990. The smartphone was announced last week internationally and India is one of the first countries where the phone will be available.
The Passport is a departure from the usual smartphone design and has a square shape. Its 4.5-inch touchscreen has an aspect ratio of 1:1 with a resolution of 1440 x 1440 pixels. Under the display is an innovative touch enabled keyboard that combines a physical keypad with virtual keypad functions seamlessly. You can swipe to delete and flick to select a predicted word on the keypad just like you would do on a display.
Hardware specifications include quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, Adreno 330 GPU, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage and microSD card slot for expansion (up to 128GB supported). Connectivity is taken care of with 3G, dual band WiFi, WiFi Direct, Bluetooth 4.0 and NFC. A highlight of the BlackBerry Passport is its 3,450mAh battery which BlackBerry claim will deliver a battery life of up to 30 hours.
For photography enthusiasts, the Passport features a 13MP primary camera with optical image stabilization that can record full HD video. The front 2MP camera does video recording in 720p HD resolution. Other features include 4 microphones, MHL port for TV-out, FM Radio, accelerometer, gyro, compass and proximity sensor.
It is the first BlackBerry smartphone to come with the latest BlackBerry OS 10.3. The new OS adds a voice assistant, updated BlackBerry Hub, improved camera user interface, enhanced security, updated icons and a built-in wallet app approved by RBI. With OS 10.3, BlackBerry also introduced BlackBerry Blend - a new app that lets you display your BlackBerry phone contents and notifications on a computer (Windows or Mac) or tablet (iOS or Android). As BlackBerry OS 10 supports installation of Android apps, the Passport comes preloaded with Amazon App store to download and install Android apps.
BlackBerry Passport will be available for pre-order from today onwards (till 10th October)exclusively on Amazon India. Consumers who pre-order the phone will get an Amazon India voucher worth Rs 5,000 and 5000 Jet privilege miles.

The prince and the show girlUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:45 IST
The prince and the show girl
BHUMIKA K.
The Hindu NETA GIRI From Chetan Bhagat Photo: Murali Kumar K.
Special Arrangement LOOKING SUPER INTELLECTUAL Rani Mukherjee
TOPICS
books and literature
Chetan Bhagat held court while Rani Mukherjee spoke of her love for cookbooks at BLF 20142 states, the story of Chetan Bhagat's mind
What will Chetan Bhagat say? That, I think was on everyone’s mind when they came to listen to the popular writer with some rather unpopular views on the first day of the Bangalore Literature Festival. The topic? From Full Wives to Half Girlfriend- the Women in Chetan Bhagat’s Novels.’ He quite set the tone for his talk, with his opening comments, “It is okay if I am not the best writer; lots do not consider me the best, as far as I am a bestselling writer!”
And the things he had to say! “I like smart women, I don't know why.” “If a woman has a brain it is better.” “If she is a successful woman, for me it is a turn on.” “No woman in my story will ever be a prop... Everything in my books is driven by women.” “The only girls I’ve liked or met are girls with dreams.” “Every woman character in my book is passionate, bold, driven.” Which made one woman from the audience, say: “Hello! That is how we woman are these days, specially here down South.”
While he took several jibes at his wife’s Tam Brahm community, the Punjabi patriarch in him, patronising women, reinforcing all stereotypes of the male attitude towards women was all over his talk. But somehow either most of the audience didn’t seem to read into it, or couldn’t care less. When he paused somewhere in his conversation to say: “This is not a lit-fest type of session. Is it okay?" And the crowd answered with a resounding ‘yes’, prompting Chetan to cheekily add, “Somebody has to bring down the level so that others look good!”
Bhagat & Bollywood
Bhagat’s editor Shinie Antony teased him over a series of selfies he’d taken with actors like Aalia Bhat, asking if he’s a Bollywood groupie? “Any guy who’s studied in an engineering college will know how scarce women are. And I grew up in Rajasthan, looking at these actresses. And now I get to work with them, so I go a bit crazy”. Will he make a crossover to B’wood? “No, I don’t see myself as a Bollywood guy. I’ve enjoyed writing books more than I did writing the Kick script. A film cannot do everything a book does.” But answering an audience question, he admitted “I’m an Indian boy so the Bollywood inspiration is there. My style is filmi!”
Mardaani: Rani shows how to
At BLF2014, which was Bollywood actor Rani Mukherjee’s first outing to a literature festival, there were two sides to Rani that emerged from her interactions.
One, the actor with the social conscience, working for causes, the woman egging young girls to learn to defend themselves and fight back against oppressive men, with her latest film Mardaani as a backdrop for this train of thought. Rani also shook up the audience a bit when she suddenly demonstrated how a girl should ideally react to an eve-teaser; her raised voice, the question asked, the tone, the attitude, had the audience clapping in appreciation.
The other, the newly-married Rani, spoke of the rigours of keeping home, wanting to spend time with family, and telling the audience how “marriage doesn’t change you. It is not an outfit you wear and look different. If you marry for the right reasons it makes you happier.”
Talking about the kind of movies and roles she likes doing, Rani said “I confess I love slapping and kicking, but I also like romancing and dancing. But yes, the dancing roles are getting lesser and I have to make do with mature love stories.”
While cinema is a mode of entertainment, at the same time it won’t harm us to do socially relevant cinema also, she stressed. She also spoke of how heroines today are getting to play their age, and audience too are more accepting of it. Film critic and author Bhawana Somaaya who was in conversation with Rani peppered the talk with interesting insider anecdotes and insights into Rani's life. Many young smitten men in the audience offered her congratulations, a wedding gift and one even had his blushing cheeks pinched by Rani.
Interacting later with the media, and speaking of books and literature, Rani confessed “I grew up reading Shakespeare in school and that was my dose of literature!” But she listed The Alchemist and The Fountainhead as two of her go to books, apart from cookbooks.

Hackers exploit  Shellshock  bug in early attacksStory
Hackers exploit 'Shellshock' bug with worms in early attacks
Jim Finkle, Carolyn Cohn and Devika Krishna Kumar     Boston/Bangalore   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 15:29 IST
The industry is rushing to determine which systems can be remotely compromised by hackers, but there are currently no estimates on the number of vulnerable systems. (Photo: Reuters)
Hackers have begun exploiting the newly identified "Shellshock" computer bug, using fast-moving worm viruses to scan for vulnerable systems and then infect them, researchers warned on Thursday.
"Shellshock" is the first major Internet threat to emerge since the discovery in April of "Heartbleed," which affected encryption software used in about two-thirds of all web servers, along with hundreds of technology products.
The latest bug has been compared to "Heartbleed" partly because the software at the heart of the "Shellshock" bug, known as Bash, is also widely used in web servers and other types of computer equipment.
According to security experts, "Shellshock" is unlikely to affect as many systems as "Heartbleed" because not all computers running Bash can be exploited. Still, they said the new bug has the potential to wreak more havoc because it enables hackers to gain complete control of an infected machine, which lets them destroy data, shut down networks or launch attacks on websites.
The "Heartbleed" bug only allowed hackers to steal data.
The industry is rushing to determine which systems can be remotely compromised by hackers , but there are currently no estimates on the number of vulnerable systems.
Amazon.com and Google have released bulletins to advise web services customers how to protect themselves from the new cyber threat. A Google spokesman said the company is releasing software patches to fix the bug.
"We don't actually know how widespread this is. This is probably one of the most difficult-to-measure bugs that has come along in years," said Dan Kaminsky, a well-known expert on Internet threats.
For an attack to be successful, a targeted system must be accessible via the Internet and also running a second vulnerable set of code besides Bash, experts said.
"There is a lot of speculation out there as to what is vulnerable, but we just don't have the answers," said Marc Maiffret, chief technology officer of cybersecurity firm BeyondTrust. "This is going to unfold over the coming weeks and months."
ATTACKS ON DEVICES
Joe Hancock, a cybersecurity expert with insurer AEGIS in London, said in a statement that he is concerned about the potential for attacks on home broadband routers and controllers used to manage critical infrastructure facilities.
"In some areas this will be a challenge to fix, as many embedded devices are not designed with regular updates in mind and will never be able to be patched," Hancock said.
HD Moore, chief research officer with security software maker Rapid7, said it could take weeks or even months to determine what impact the bug will have.
"At this point we don't know what we don't know, but we do expect to see additional exploit vectors surface as vendors and researchers start the assessment process for their products and services," Moore said in an email. "We are likely to see compromises as a result of this issue for years to come."
Linux makers released patches to protect against attacks on Wednesday, though security researchers uncovered flaws in those updates, prompting No. 1 Linux maker Red Hat Inc to advise customers that the patch was "incomplete."
"That's a problem. It's been a little over 24 hours and we're still in the same boat," said Mat Gangwer, lead security consultant at Rook Security. "People are kind of freaking out. Rightfully so."
WORMS
Russian security software maker Kaspersky Lab reported that a computer worm has begun infecting computers by exploiting "Shellshock."
The malicious software can take control of an infected machine, launch denial-of-service attacks to disrupt websites, and also scan for other vulnerable devices, including routers, said Kaspersky researcher David Jacoby.
He said he did not know who was behind the attacks and could not name any victims.
Jaime Blasco, labs director at AlienVault, said he had uncovered the same piece of malware, as well as a second worm seeking to exploit "Shellshock," which was designed for launching denial of service attacks.
"Heartbleed" is a bug in an open-source encryption software called OpenSSL. The bug put the data of millions of people at risk, as OpenSSL is used in about two-thirds of all websites. It also forced dozens of technology companies to issue security patches for hundreds of products that use OpenSSL.
(Reuters)

Alibaba plans HK version of YuE Bao fundAlibaba in talks for HK version of Yu’E Bao money market fund
By Henny Sender in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/402e45ee-4573-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre mulling total diesel decontrolNEW DELHI, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 01:24 IST
Centre mulling total diesel decontrol
Puja Mehra
diesel fuel
May pave the way for resumption of operations by Reliance and Essar
The Modi government is examining whether to completely decontrol diesel prices, paving the way for private companies including Reliance and Essar to resume retail operations that they had shut 12 years back.
The decision would be taken by the Union Cabinet, a senior Finance Ministry source told The Hindu.
Some private retailers met Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan demanding that the government give up “control” over diesel pricing and end subsidies as in the case of petrol sales by the public sector oil retailers.
The government-owned oil companies retail petrol at market-determined prices with negligible subsidy. The government can, however, “influence” oil public sector units to soften the impact of sudden sharp rises in the cost of global crude on retail prices.
Subsidy: zilch
The case for diesel decontrol is also borne out by the subsidy element in current retail prices having dropped to zero. Public sector retailers have since early 2013 hiked by Rs. 0.50 every month retail diesel prices in line with a decision of the United Progressive Alliance government. Over the past 10 days or so, retail diesel prices have been on par with market-determined prices.
In the budget he presented on July 10, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had proposed complete diesel decontrol before March 2015 by when the Finance Ministry estimated that the gap between the administered and market prices would be completely eliminated. “Now, instead of under-recoveries, the public sector oil retailers are reporting over-recoveries,” the source said.
The consideration delaying the go-ahead for diesel decontrol is that after private companies do re-enter the fuel retail business how would the government cushion consumers against sharp global crude price spurts.

Rail project to raise coal output set to miss deadlineWritten by Avishek G Dastidar , Deepu Sebastian Edmond | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:45 am
A Prime Minister-monitored railway project linked to increasing India’s coal output by 100 million tonnes in two years is stuck indefinitely. The work on the project, a set of three railway links officially classified as “critical” in Jharkhand, Orissa and Chhattisgarh, has not started because the states have not handed over land even after receiving environmental clearance and despite readiness on part of Railway and Coal ministries to start the work.
Now, officials have told the PMO that the project will miss the crucial deadline of 2016-17 if the land is not made available immediately. As per the official timeline, meeting the deadline was subject to the availability of land between September and November, which is unlikely to happen. The lines are for Tori-Shivpur (44 km) and Shivpur-Kathautia (53 km) in North Karanpura, Jharkhand; Jharsuguda-Barpalli-Sardega line (53 km) in Orissa; and Bhupdevpuir-Korichapan-Dharamjaigarh (180 km) in Mand-Raigarh coalfield, Chhattisgarh.
The Cabinet Secretariat takes stock of the progress in this project many times in a week. The matter is being monitored by the PMO, and top officials from the Centre have had a round of meetings on this as well but to no avail since there is nothing they can do except request the states. Of the three states, it is Jharkhand where the problem seems to have hit a deadlock.
Central officials met Jharkhand Chief Secretary earlier this month — one of the many such meetings in the recent past to break the deadlock — but they were told that a large tract of land, around 200 acres pledged to the project, needs to be acquired as per the new Land Acquisition Act, sources said. Earlier, the state had also been citing the unavailability of land records for certain other portions of land.
Jharkhand officials have told The Indian Express that the transfer process of the land that is in possession of private parties (rayati land) might take over a year’s time to complete. “Under the new Land Acquisition Act, we have to get a Social Impact Assessment study conducted on these lands. Then, there is the process of paying compensation. There could also be claims made under the FRA and adivasi lands involved. It will take not less than one year,” said J B Tubid, Principal Secretary of Revenue and Land Reforms, Jharkhand government.
The government-controlled land, Tubid claimed, would be transferred in a fortnight. Of the over 950 acres of land identified in Jharkhand, 49 per cent had been handed over in the past. It is the remaining 51 per cent or 488 acres that is crucial to start the project. Around 40 per cent of the coal expected from these three lines is in Jharkhand.
The state, however, blamed the Railways for the delay. “The delay happened because the Railways used the 1938 land survey as the basis for continued…

Contradictory  Syria policy helps Bashar al-Assad: Barack ObamaPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 29, 2014 11:06 am
President Barack Obama on Sunday gave voice to the conundrum at the heart of his Syria policy, acknowledging that the U.S.-led military campaign against the Islamic State group and al-Qaida’s affiliate in Syria is helping Syrian dictator Bashar Assad, a man the United Nations has accused of war crimes.
“I recognize the contradiction in a contradictory land and a contradictory circumstance,” Obama said in an interview aired Sunday on CBS’ “60 Minutes.” “We are not going to stabilize Syria under the rule of Assad,” whose government has committed “terrible atrocities,” Obama said.
“On the other hand, in terms of immediate threats to the United States, ISIL, Khorasan Group, those folks could kill Americans.”
ISIL is an alternative acronym for the Islamic State group, which has broken with al-Qaida as it has taken control of large sections of Iraq and Syria. The Khorasan Group is a cell of militants that the U.S. says is plotting attacks against the West in cooperation with the Nusra front, Syria’s al-Qaida affiliate. Both groups have been targeted by U.S. airstrikes in recent days; together they constitute the most significant military opposition to Assad, whose government the U.S. would like to see gone.
Obama said his first priority is degrading the extremists who are threatening Iraq and the West. To defeat them, he acknowledged, would require a competent local ground force, something no analyst predicts will surface any time soon in Syria, despite U.S. plans to arm and train “moderate” rebels. The U.S. has said it would not cooperate with the Assad government.
“Right now, we’ve got a campaign plan that has a strong chance for success in Iraq,” the president said. “Syria is a more challenging situation.”
Earlier Sunday, House Speaker John Boehner questioned Obama’s strategy to destroy the Islamic State group. Boehner said on ABC’s “This Week” that the U.S. may have “no choice” but to send in American troops if the mix of U.S.-led airstrikes and a ground campaign reliant on Iraqi forces, Kurdish fighters and moderate Syrian rebels fails to achieve that goal.
“We have no choice,” Boehner said. “These are barbarians. They intend to kill us. And if we don’t destroy them first, we’re going to pay the price.”
Obama, though, made clear he has no interest in a major U.S. ground presence beyond the 1,600 American advisers and special operations troops he already has ordered to Iraq.
“We are assisting Iraq in a very real battle that’s taking place on their soil, with their troops,” the president said. “This is not America against ISIL. This is America leading the international community to assist a country with whom we have a security partnership.”
Only the U.S. could lead such a campaign, Obama said. “When there’s a typhoon in the Philippines, take a look at who’s helping the Philippines deal with that situation,” he said. “When there’s an earthquake in Haiti, take a look at who’s leading the charge and continued…

Narendra Modi in US  but more than half of US Inc unlikely to do business in India: StudyHome
Economy
Narendra Modi in US, but more than half of US Inc unlikely to do business in India: Study
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 13:02  IST
Sep 29 2014, 13:02  IST
 

BlackBerry gets its Passport to redemption  priced at Rs 49 990E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CPM in Kerala to focus on waste management  care of the agedPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:58 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 2:00 pm
In Kerala, CPI (M) is venturing into address two critical challenges of modern Kerala: waste management and care of the aged/bed-ridden.
A seminar held in Alappuzha on Saturday announced that the CPI (M) would take up comprehensive garbage management as a new mission for a healthy environment for a healthy life. The party has showcased a few model of waste management which waste disposal at source as a common thread.
Party state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said there was no politics in the new task on the ground that CPI (M) was behind the move. “The party would rope in all class organizations, people’s representatives, party-led local bodies and experts for the management of the waste at source. The party is suggesting steps that have to be implemented at local level. In the coming months, hundreds of waste management units would come up,’’ said Vijayan.
The party would take up successful waste management projects being implemented by CPI (M)-ruled local bodies. In Alappuzha, CPI (M) legislator Thomas Issac had implemented “clean house, clean city,” which has bio-gas plants for houses to treat waste at disposal.
The CPI (M) bid to focus on healthy environment comes at a time garbage disposal has emerged as a major challenge for Kerala, which is getting fast urbanized without proper planning. Mounds of garbage have been piling up in public places across Kerala. Local governing bodies have been at a loss in solid waste management.
Last week, the CPI (M) opened its first palliative care center in Kannur district. The centre was opened under the banner of Initiative for Rehabilitation and Palliative Care (IRPC), which has CPI (M) district secretary P Jayarajan as chief patron. The palliative care centre is now treating 25 bed-ridden people. “Treatment and accommodation are free. We would find resources from public. Although CPI (M) has formed the centre centre, we would give palliative care for all needy people, irrespective of their political affiliation,’’ says Jayarajan.
He said the Communist Party has a history of rushing help to people hit by epidemics in 1940’s.
The IRPC has already trained 1,800 volunteers in Kannur district. It has plans to start a new rehabilitation centre in Kannur. Each volunteer has contributed Rs 100 towards the maintenance of the care centre. The volunteers were trained with the support of the health and local bodies departments. The volunteers would go to homes to give care for the needy.
CPI (M) has entered into palliative politics when Kerala’s elderly population has been emerging as a huge human development challenge for the state, which has been witnessing a fast-paced demographic transition. In demographic transition, from a state with high mortality and high fertility to one with a low count in both of these fronts, Kerala outpaces rest of the country by 25 years.
Many other elderly people have been abandoned in their houses across the state, uncared for, their presence sometimes undetected till their death. There have also been instances of the elderly being dumped in public places and of going to court against their children.

Veteran CPI(M) leader killed in alleged assault by former CRPFhavildarPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 3:36 pm
Suren Chakravarty, a veteran CPI(M) leader and former state committee member, was killed following an alleged assault by a group led by a former CRPF havildar in Nalbari, about 60 kms from Guwahati. With police ruling out any political angle to it.
Nalbari district SP Pradip Ranjan Kar said Chakravarty (74), in his dying statement before the police had named one Pramod Barman, a retired CRPF havildar, for assaulting him along with a few other miscreants. While the police have registered a case, the accused, Pramod Barman, was absconding, the SP said.
Giving a background to the incident, SP Kar said Chakavarty and Barman, both neighbours at a locality called Borkura, about four kms from Nalbari town, had been at loggerheads for more than a year and both had lodged cases against each other. The police had earlier arrested Barman as well as Chakravarty’s wife and son in connection with cases filed by the two against each other, though all three were later released on bail.
“On Saturday night, Chakravarty was found lying by the roadside in a near unconscious state and was first taken to a local hospital. But considering the severe injuries he had sustained, Chakravarty was referred to the Guwahati Medical College Hospital, but had breathed his last on the way.
Chakravarty, however, had made a dying statement before the police, in which he named his neighbour Barman as having assaulted him leading to severe injuries,” Nalbari SP Kar told The Indian Express today.

Shiv Sena minister Anant Geete to quit Union Cabinet as heavy industriesministerComments
Anant Geete, Shiv Sena’s lone member in the Union Cabinet, will resign, party chief Uddhav Thackeray said on Monday, four days after the split in the saffron alliance.
“After Prime Minister Narendra Modi returns from the US, Geete will go to him and submit his resignation,” he said.
Sena sources said the party was also likely to quit NDA.
Uddhav’s announcement followed estranged cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray riling him at a poll rally on Sunday for the Sena “sticking to” power in Delhi despite breaking up with BJP.
Raj had said that Uddhav should immediately ask Geete to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to Shiv Sena.
Attacking BJP for ending its 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Sena, Raj had said that had party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive he would have ended the association a month ago.
Sena, ruling NDA’s second largest constituent with 18 Lok Sabha MPs, was upset over poor representation it got in the Modi government as well as Geete’s heavy industries portfolio, which it considered light weight. Geete, a sixth-time MP from Raigad in Konkan, had taken charge of the ministry after a delay of several days.
In the NDA government in 1999 headed by Atal Behari Vajpayee, the Sena had three Cabinet Ministers despite having fewer MPs. In 2002, it even bagged the coveted post of Lok Sabha speaker for senior leader Manohar Joshi.

Japan volcano rescue suspended as death toll rises to36Firefighters and members of Japan's Self-Defense Forces conduct a rescue operation at an ash-covered cabin, center left, near the peak of Mount Ontake in central Japan. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Tokyo | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:13 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 9:18 pm
Five more bodies were found near the peak of an erupting Japanese volcano on Monday, as rescuers suspended their search because of the growing danger from toxic gas.
The grim discovery takes to at least 36 the total number of people feared to have died when Mount Ontake erupted without warning during a busy hiking weekend.
A police spokesman told AFP the five bodies were in addition to 31 discovered on Sunday.
A Japanese army official who took part in the search said rescuers had been wearing helmets, bullet-proof vests, goggles and masks to protect themselves from any fresh eruption.
“I saw rocks up to probably one metre (3.3 feet) across (that had been thrown through the air by the force of the eruption),” he said, adding the search had been difficult and involved digging through ash.
In pics: Japan’s ‘Dante’s Peak’ claims at least 36 lives
Heartbreaking stories have begun to emerge from survivors who made it down the mountain as rolling clouds of volcanic debris swept down its flanks, smothering everything in their path.
“Some people were buried in ash up to their knees and the two in front of me seemed to be dead,” one woman told the Asahi television network.
Another told how she had heard the last moments of a victim battered by a cascade of rocks.
“There was someone lying outside the hut after being hit in the back,” she said. “He was saying ‘It hurts, it hurts,’ but after about half an hour he went quiet.”
Seiichi Sakurai, who had been working at one of the huts around the top of the volcano, told public broadcaster NHK that he had tried his best to help people but could not save them all.
“Ash was constantly falling… Some people were buried alive but I could do nothing but tell (rescuers) about them over the radio,” he said.
Another survivor told the Yomiuri newspaper he had seen a boy shouting “It’s hot” and “I can’t breathe!” near the peak, before the ash clouds brought blackness and silence.
On Monday morning, eight bodies — both men and women — were airlifted from the mountain.
About 60 people suffered injuries in the disaster, the government has said, including people who were hit by flying rocks and inhaled hot or poisonous fumes.
For anguished families, the wait for news was taking its toll.

Market rangebound; Strides Arcolab up over 6%Sensex, Nifty rangebound, Sun Pharma top gainer; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.18PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range on Monday, with gainers including names like TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow bank around its crucial psychological level of 7950.
Sun Pharma (up 2.5 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.86 per cent), BHEL (up 1.6 per cent), TCS (up 1.54 per cent) and Cipla (up 1.1 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
At 3:17 pm, the Sensex was at 26,602.11; down 24.21 points. The broader 50-share Nifty was at 7,958.80; down 10.05 points.
Technically, Nifty has taken support from its 50 DMA and closed comfortably above 7950 level. However, the index continues to trade below its short term moving averages which is likely to induce some amount of pressure at higher levels.
"The market breadth was quite encouraging and revival in midcap as well as small cap stocks indicates that Nifty may continue its upward journey in coming days," LKP said in a report.
"The index is likely to face resistance at 8050-8100 level in short term," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Financial Technologies & MCX: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 10:00 a.m.; Financial Technologies was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 227 and MCX was up 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 794.45.
Federal Bank: Federal Bank has sanctioned a term loan of Rs 500 crore to Cochin International Airport Ltd (CIAL) for the construction of the new International terminal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 124.50.
KFA: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.2 per cent higher at Rs 1.95.
Oil India Ltd: Energy major Oil India said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 605.45.
ONGC: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 407.70.
IDBI Bank: IDBI Bank today said the board of directors has approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and also decided to infuse an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.96 per cent higher at Rs 63.25.
Deepak Fertilisers Ltd: In a bid to take control of the Vijay Mallaya's fertiliser firm MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers has sought support from MCFL's independent directors on its open offer saying that rival bidder Zuari's win will help "wilful defaulter" Mallya continue to head the firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 159.50.
DLF Ltd: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.10 per cent higher at Rs 162.30.
TD Power Systems Ltd: Share of Bengaluru-based TD Power rallied over 7 per cent in trade after the Reserve Bank of India allowed registered foreign portfolios investors to purchase up to 100 per cent of TD Power Systems under the Portfolio Investment Scheme.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.3 per cent higher at Rs 347.95.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lux buys 1.2% stake in Strides Arcolab for about Rs 50 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

8% GDP growth possible in next 2-3 years: P ChidambaramEconomy
P Chidambaram says India can manage 8 pct GDP growth, takes dig at PM Narendra Modi govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 15:59  IST
Sep 23 2014, 15:59  IST
 

RIL-Oilmin row: SC names former Australian judge as umpire arbitratorPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:59 am
The Supreme Court (SC) on Tuesday appointed retired judge Michael Kirby of Australia as chairman of the three-member arbitral tribunal to resolve a dispute between the government and Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries over reimbursement for developing the gas field in KG basin.
Justice JS Khehar appointed the umpire arbitrator after senior counsel Harish Salve, appearing for RIL and other petitioners, suggested the name.
However, Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar did not raise any objection, saying the government wants a retired judge to preside and not a lawyer on the arbitral panel. Salve told the court that Kirby was a well-known name and a “great friend of India”.
Although Kirby’s consent hasn’t been sought yet, Justice Khehar expressed hope that the chairman-nominee would not ‘disappoint us’ and accept the post.
Former chief justices of India VN Khare and SP Bharucha are the other two arbitrators, for the government and Reliance Industries, respectively.
Earlier, the court had asked the two parties to come to a consensus regarding the name of the presiding arbitrator. But a consensus could not be reached, Sinha told the court.
The appointment of the presiding officer had delayed arbitration for a year now.
On April 29, the court had named former Australian judge Michael McHugh to head the tribunal.
However, he withdrew on July 10 after objections were raised by the government lawyers.
Later, RIL filed a fresh application seeking reappointment of the third arbitrator and also blamed the oil ministry for provoking McHugh not to accept the appointment.

Raju: For flights abroad  fly more to small townsPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:25 am
Newer airlines which have been urging the government for scrapping the antiquated provision which bars them from flying overseas till they have completed five years of operations and have 20 aircraft (5/20) would soon see their wish being granted.
However, this would come at a price — they may be asked to fulfil some regional connectivity criteria before they can spread their wings. This means that if airlines like AirAsia or Tata SIA’s Vistara fly a certain quota of flights, which the Centre earmarks to smaller towns and cities, they can fly abroad.
Speaking at the Express Group’s Idea Exchange programme, civil aviation minister P Ashok Gajapathi Raju said that the 5/20 rule is antiquated and without rationale, and needed to be scrapped.
However, it needs to be replaced with something and regional connectivity is the government’s priority.
Interestingly, Raju’s ministry has recently come out with draft guidelines mandating airlines to deploy on regional/remote routes the same capacity which they deploy on the 30 trunk routes. This has been opposed by all the carriers as it would increase their cost at a time when most of them are posting losses. Vistara has specifically said that newer airlines should be exempt from this rule.
Raju also said that the scrapping of the 5/20 rule would enable the country to utilise higher number of seats under the bilaterals.
The minister accepted that the industry is divided on the issue with the older players not wanting the government to change the rules because they feel that newer players can more easily access bank loans that can be used for rapid expansion. “I had an interaction with the airlines. Old players like it because it gives them a comfort level, what is bothering them that new airlines would have cleaner books and financial institutions may be more inclined to lend to new players. I think the government would look to promote more activity in India, not throw out the baby with the bath water,” Raju said. FE

Economy s Q2 Rebound Was Even Faster Than ThoughtAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Economics needs to reflect a post-crisis world© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f9f65e88-44a3-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty slump nearly 2 per cent on all-round sellingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kingfisher gets stay on wilful defaulter tagUpdated: September 27, 2014 23:56 IST
Kingfisher gets stay on wilful defaulter tag
Lalatendu Mishra
air transport
Next date of hearing is on November 10
Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday announced that it had secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on the decision of United Bank of India’s (UBI) Grievance Redressal Committee, which had earlier declared the airline and its directors, including its Chairman Vijay Mallya, as wilful defaulters.
UBI has been directed to file its affidavit-in-opposition by November 3, and the petitioners have been directed to file their reply one week thereafter. The next date of hearing has been fixed for November 10.
“We had earlier stated that we would legally challenge the wrongful decision of UBI and that we have great faith in the judiciary in our country. We will legally defend our position on all allegations going forward,” Prakash Mirpuri, Vice President (Corporate Communications), Kingfisher Airlines, said in a statement.
Writ petition
Kingfisher Airlines, along with its directors/erstwhile directors, had filed a writ petition in the Calcutta High Court against UBI and others, challenging the constitutional validity of the RBI Master Circular on wilful defaulters as well as challenging the ex-parte decision of the Grievance Redressal Committee constituted by UBI, declaring the petitioners wilful defaulters for not paying loans advanced to the airline.
The matter was listed for hearing on September 26 before Justice Debangsu Basak. Kingfisher Airlines said, after hearing counsel for the petitioners and the bank, the court granted a stay.

US hits jihadists in Syria  Al-Qaeda threatens coalitionPrint
File photo released by the U.S. Air Force, a U.S. Navy F-18E Super Hornet fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker over northern Iraq after conducting airstrikes in Syria as part of U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the Islamic State group. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Damascus | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 12:49 pm
The Al-Nusra Front, Al-Qaeda’s Syrian franchise, has threatened reprisals against nations participating in air strikes against the Islamic State group, denouncing them as “a war against Islam.”
Group spokesman Abu Firas al-Suri said in a video posted online on Saturday the states involved had “committed a horrible act that is going to put them on the list of jihadist targets throughout the world.”
The warning came as the US-led coalition widened its air strikes against the IS group in Syria , as British warplanes flew their first anti-jihadist combat missions over neighbouring Iraq.
Washington has been supported in its Syria campaign by Arab allies Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Seven targets were hit in Syria, the Pentagon said, including at the border crossing into Turkey of the besieged Kurdish town of Ain al-Arab, also known as Kobane.
Muhsin al-Fadhli, a long-standing Qaeda operative and alleged leader of Khorasan, was killed in the strikes, according to a jihadist who fought with the group.
The SITE monitoring group said a series of tweets from the jihadist, identified as a member of Al-Qaeda, expressed condolences for the deaths of Fadhli and another Khorasan leader, Abu Yusuf al-Turki.
The US-based monitoring service said the jihadist in Twitter postings dated September 27 also lamented the situation on the ground in Syria as coalition forces bombard IS forces.
The United States and its coalition partners aim to destroy the Islamic State group, which controls a swathe of territory in Iraq and Syria, has murdered two US journalists and a British aid worker and is locked in a brutal war with Iraqi and Kurdish authorities.
The IS campaign there has already driven 160,000 refugees into Turkey.
Royal Air Force Tornado GR4 jets took off from Britain’s RAF Akrotiri on Cyprus for Iraq but returned to base without dropping their laser-guided bombs.
“On this occasion no targets were identified as requiring immediate air attack by our aircraft,” said a defence ministry spokesman in London.
Belgium and Denmark have also approved plans to join France and the Netherlands in targeting IS in Iraq, allowing Washington to focus on the more complex operation against its Syria base.
Washington warned that the jihadists could not be defeated in Syria by air power alone, saying that up to 15,000 “moderate” rebels would need to be trained.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey could take a military role in the coalition, the Hurriyet daily reported.
He said the government would go to parliament with a motion on October 2, after which “all the necessary steps” would be taken.
Ankara had previously insisted its hands were tied over dozens of Turkish hostages abducted by IS in Iraq, but they are now free.
Hundreds of Syrian Kurdish refugees, clutching whatever they could grab, crossed the border on Saturday to safety.
Turkey’s NTV television reported that shells fired from Syria hit Suruc, about 10 kilometres north of the border, wounding two women.
Senior Syrian Kurdish official Newaf Khalil told AFP that air strikes hit the IS-held town of Ali Shar east of Ain al-Arab, destroying several IS tanks.
Coalition aircraft also pounded the Euphrates valley city of Raqa, which the jihadists have made the headquarters of the “caliphate” they declared in June over swathes of Iraq and Syria.
“At least 31 explosions were heard in Raqa city and its surroundings,” said the Britain-based Observatory.
Washington has been keen not to let Syrian President Bashar al-Assad exploit the anti-IS campaign to make gains in the more than three-year-old civil war.
The US and Arab allies began air strikes against IS in Syria on Tuesday, more than a month after Washington launched its air campaign against the jihadists in Iraq.
Washington had been reluctant to intervene in Syria, but acted after the jihadists captured more territory and committed widespread atrocities, including beheading three Western hostages.
A US defence official told AFP Friday the Syrian mission is now similar to Iraq’s, with “near continuous” sorties.
Washington also plans to train and arm 5,000 Syrian rebels, although top US military officer General Martin Dempsey said 12,000-15,000 men would be required to recapture “lost territory” in Syria.

Indians have woven magic with the mouse: ModiPrint
New York, Sep 28 (IANS) India was once known as a world of snake charmers, now the magic that its people have woven "with the mouse" in the IT sphere is world-renowned, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi here Sunday.
"I was in Taiwan some years ago, someone wanted to ask a question and was hesitating. He asked if I won't feel bad, I said go ahead. He said I heard India is a land of black magic and snake charmers. I said no, our forefathers maybe would play with snakes but we play with the (computer) mouse," he said in his address to a gathering of Indian diaspora at the Madison Square Garden.
Getting rid of maze of laws: Modi at Madison
Taking a swipe at the Congress-led UPA, Modi said the earlier governments would keep harping on the number of laws they has come out with, but he has made it his mission to get rid of the "maze" of "useless" ones.
Addressing a gathering of thousands of the Indian diaspora at Madison Square Garden, Modi said: "Earlier governments would keep harping that we have made this 'kanoon' (law) and that 'kanoon'.. I have started a new one - the old 'kanoon', I have thrown away the 'bekaar' (useless) ones."
"It was like a 'jaal' (maze) of 'kanoon', if one gets in, then they cant get out. I have set up a committee to examine them. If everyday, I can end one law, then it will be an achievement," he said to loud chants of "Modi, Modi".
He said good governance should be of easy ways for the people, to fulfil the people's needs in an easy, lucid way.
PIO cardholders to get lifelong visa, announces Modi
PIO card holders will get lifelong visas, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced Saturday to thousands of cheering Indian diaspora at Madison Square Garden here.
"Happy?" he asked as the crowd cheered his announcement with chants of "Modi, Modi".
"There is even more to come," he said smilingly.
He announced that NRIs staying in India for long had to visit the police station, and "there is no need for them to do that anymore".
Modi said the government will join the People of Indian Origin (PIO) and Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) schemes for the diaspora and a new scheme would be announced soon.
He also said the Indian missions in the US would grant long term visas to US citizens and US tourists would get visa on arrival in India.
50 US Senators, Congress greet Modi at Madison
Modi was greeted by 50 US Senators and members of the US Congress at Madison Square Garden as he arrived to address the Indian diaspora.
Indian singer Kavita Krisnamoorthy rendered the Indian national anthem, which Modi was seen mouthing along.
Chants of "Modi, Modi" rent the air as he began his speech.
'India blessed with democracy, demographic dividend, demand'
At an opportune cusp of circumstances, blessed with a vibrant democracy, with 65 percent of its people under the age of 35, and a market of 1.25 billion people, India will scale new heights in the near future, the prime minister said.
Addressing an around 20,000-strong gathering cheering Indian diaspora at Madison Square Garden, Modi said India is the youngest nation in the world and also the country with an ancient civilisation.
He said 65 percent of the people are under the age of 35 and with the IT ability of Indians "there is no need for such a country to turn back and look".
Modi said it is "important to recognise our strengths and mobilise them to go forward fast".
Referring to the elections, in which he led the Bharatiya Janata Party to power, Modi said the 1.25 billion people of the country had given their blessings to govern and it was akin to god's own blessings.
He said democracy is India's biggest strength and also its demographic dividend.
The third advantage is the demand - "the entire world has its sights on India and it knows that its 1.25 billion people is a huge market", he said.
"These three things are present in one country, this is not there anywhere in the world. And on the basis of this India will cross new heights - it is my belief," said Modi to loud cheering and chants of "Modi, Modi".
Have not taken 15 minute vacation so far: Modi
Winning elections is not for sitting on a seat but a responsibility, said Modi, noting that he has not taken even a 15-minute vacation since taking over the helm of the country.
To loud chants of "Modi, Modi", the prime minister, in his address to the Indian diaspora at Madison Square Garden here, said the people of India and the diaspora have conveyed the strength of democracy through the April-May elections, which saw the Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party sweep to power.
"I will not do anything to make you lower your head. The government you have chosen will not leave anything out," he said to loud cheers from the huge gathering. (With inputs from agencies)
Also read:

Police fire tear gas at Hong Kong protestHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mars mission also benefits Indias poorSeptember 28, 2014 5:22 pm
The Mars mission benefits India as much as clean water
By Gurcharan Das
Nation-building entails the memory of heroic achievements such as this, writes Gurcharan Das
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b167f7c-4572-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big Data enables us to reach the bottom of the pyramidE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Germanys eurosceptics plant turmoilSeptember 28, 2014 7:29 pm
Germany’s eurosceptics sow the seeds of turmoil
By Wolfgang Münchau
The AfD only needs to create doubt to upset economic equilibrium
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa6dc99c-44de-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alstom keen on bidding for rail projects under PPP modeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

LSE seeks African company listings in UKLondon Stock Exchange to pursue African company listings
By Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2247f5f0-4313-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian e-commerce in the fast lane  says Jeff BezosC.E.O. interview
India’s e-commerce market is growing by “leaps and bounds,” according to the founder and CEO of Amazon, Jeff Bezos. In an interview to The Hindu, Mr. Bezos said that the launch experience of his business in India was “better and faster” than in any other market, which was why he was committing $2 billion in fresh investment here.
The e-tailer giant launched operations in India about a year ago.
Mr. Bezos said connecting small and medium businesses with the digital market was a prime area for Amazon and would be a key differentiator compared with competition. Refusing to be drawn into a discussion on the competition with Google in key businesses, he said drone-deliveries were technologically proven but will have to wait for rules and regulations to be framed. The e-commerce industry pioneer’s last trip to India was in 2009 and he said he was struck by the energy here.

Centre-right to control French Senate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9cb4fdc-46e4-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Knight Frank to build on London successKnight Frank to build on London successes with expansion plan
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31927470-46ee-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Panel seeks more rights for women in family lawsThe committee, headed by former Panjab University professor Pam Rajput, was set up by the previous UPA government, but it submitted the report to WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi only a few days ago.
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:47 am
The Ministry of Women and Child Development is considering recommendations of a panel that has suggested for redefining adultery that treats wife as a man’s “property”, a fresh look at term “cruelty” under the Hindu Marriage Act as it is currently based on patriarchal notions of a woman’s behaviour, and doing away with the concept of an “illegitimate” child.
The committee has also pitched for mandatory payment of maintenance to wife and children in the event of separation or divorce, doing away with the clause that it can be stopped if the woman was “unchaste” or had refused to stay with her husband. The panel has also pushed for giving woman more rights under the Hindu Succession Act.
The committee, headed by former Panjab University professor Pam Rajput, was set up by the previous UPA government, but it submitted the report to WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi only a few days ago. The panel has also called for separate law to fight “honour” killings, beside suggesting changes in the Muslim and the Christian family laws as they are loaded against women.
It recommended a complete ban on the practice of “oral, unilateral and triple talaaq (divorce)” and polygamy.
In its assessment of family and succession laws, the committee has said that not only married women, but also those in “live-in relationships which are in the nature of marriage” should be eligible to it. In case of separation, the panel suggested, “Provision which allows maintenance to be stopped if a woman has been unchaste or has refused to live with her husband should be deleted.” All relevant laws should be amended to declare the mother as a “natural guardian” of the child along with the father when a child’s custody has to be decided, the report said.
On the matter of devolution of a property owned by a woman, the committee said that appropriate changes should be made in Sections 15 and 16 of the Hindu Succession Act so that in absence of her husband and children, the property goes to her parents or her parents’ heirs/siblings instead of relatives of her husband.
The committee, in its recommendation, said, “Section 16 (of the Hindu Marriage Act) should be amended to include all children born outside wedlock and not only children of void and voidable marriages. Further the term ‘illegitimate’ should not be used in any statute of document.” The section deals with the legitimacy of children and the recommendation if accepted would mean that the marital status of parents would not have any bearing on the legal status of an offspring continued…

Day 4: PM Modi to meet top American CEOs  US President Obama today53
0
New York: After receiving a rousing reception at the Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to get into the business end of his five-day trip.
Modi is expected to meet top American CEOs on Monday ahead of his first ever meeting with US President Barack Obama. Modi will leave for Washington after meeting former US President Bill Clinton and former US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.
CEOs of 11 top companies will be meeting Modi to understand his vision for the Indian economy and his vision as far as bringing FDI to India is concerned. CEOs said that they wanted more clarity in terms of the policies.
#narendra modi #modi meets america #modi us trip #ceos meet
Modi met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netahnyahu late Sunday night marking a distinct shift in India's position on the West Asian conflict. The two leaders discussed expanding ties and Netanyahu invited Modi to Israel.
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "Discussion with Israeli Prime Minister were on how to expand ties in view of change in the Government of India. Areas of discussion were agriculture and water management."
Modi also attended a dinner hosted by the Indian Ambassador to the US. Among the prominent guests at that dinner was Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani.
The occasion was an Indian community dinner in honour of Prime Minister Modi. The dinner reception was attended by Indian Americans and Persons of Indian Origin.

Our job is to adapt to rules  India no different: BezosQ: You are saying there are no regulatory problems ?
 
A: Everywhere we do business, there are unique regulations. Every country has its own unique rules and regulations. Seen from the outside, they always seem unusual and different. Our job is to adapt ourselves to whatever rules and regulations local countries have. India is no different. The specific regulations are different in every country, but it is totally normal that there are such regulations. It is our job to adapt ourselves to regulations. If the FDI rules (in India) change may be we will be doing many more things for small manufacturers. The countries decide that the rules are and we adapt ourselves to these rules. Ultimately the Indian government is going to decide what the rules are.
 
Q: Isn’t the ban on FDI in e-commerce constricting Amazon’s expansion in India? Are you going to be meeting government officials on this matter?
 
A: So far the results would say that they are just fine. I would always welcome the opportunity to meet with him (Prime Minister Narendra Modi), but he is not here. You could say the PM in the US while I am here. We are preserving some balance in the world by switching places (laughs)  I don’t personally get involved in these matters. We have teams, people who meet with regulators and discuss these things and share their opinions. We do that all over the world.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Orion Mall. (Source: Kashif Masood) 
Q: So you don’t see obstacles to growth in India? And were you not late in entering the Indian market?
 
A:  I look at the results that this (India) team is achieving and I don’t see any obstacles. I would think this is not my place to say one model is better than the other. Judging by the results we have achieved, it seems like we have entered exactly at the right time because it is working really well.
 
Q: Would you look at acquisitions in India? Can they be for size or scale?
 
A:  Mostly our growth is organic. That’s true not just in India, but everywhere. We have a very organic-focused growth strategy. We do acquisitions from time to time. We do buy because there is something unique (in the companies) If there were opportunities in India, we will certainly look at those. Almost every company that we have acquired were led by missionaries—people who have the same kind of customer-centric approach. But the baseline growth is going to be driven organically.
 
Q: What do you think of your competition (like Flipkart, Alibaba)?
 
A:  I have a strongly held belief that one of the reasons that Amazon has been successful is because we do not obsess over competitors. Instead we obsess over customers. We just stick to that and that’s a big part of the culture at Amazon. We have been doing it for 19 years and it has worked.
 
Q: Would you like to say anything on Narendra Modi?
 
A:  What I can tell you is he (Modi) has, as far as I can assess, a very positive international reputation. People all over the world see him as a constructive and practical. I think people think India has a good leader. But I am not contrasting the current Prime Minister with any former Prime Minister of India.
 
Q: How do you see your $2 billion investment in India?
A: It is a big amount. We wouldn’t invest such a big amount it the model wasn’t working. There is also lot to invest in.We have a lot of ideas and a lot of opportunities in infrastructure, mobile, customer acquisition and category expansion. There are just tonnes of opportunities.
 
Q: You have a deep interest in space and a project, Blue Origin. How is it going?
 
A:  You are first people to ask me this question. I am a big fan of space research. I have followed with great interest (India’s) Mars Orbiter mission. India’s accomplishment in the Mars orbiter mission is just incredible. There should be a lot of national pride in that. If you follow space you would know how hard that is.
Our vision of Blue Origin is that one day there will be millions of people working and living in space. For that to happen we need to make space travel much less expensive and much safer. Those are the two primary objectives of Blue Origin.
 
Q: You seem to be turning producer, with a do-it-yourself Hollywood (in financing shows) and a successful online show in Transparent?
 
A: Amazon Studio is completely populated with professional content producers. These are experienced people who know what they are doing. We also like to do things differently. We have invented this novel pilot process where we create series of pilots and release them at the same time and let customers vote and give their views on which pilot should be made into a full series. It is like the whole world is your focus group. Then we use this data with human judgement. Once we fund something, we step back. That has been working extremely well.  `Transparent’ has got remarkable critical reviews.
 
Q: And how does that tie up with your personal purchase of Washington Post?
 
A: I am a missionary in doing things in new and inventive ways. I love Amazon Web Services (cloud computing service) because that team is completely reinventing how competition is done. My favourite day is when I sit in a series of meetings discussing new ideas of what we are going to do in the future. I am super optimistic about it (Washington Post). The Internet can be used to energise what is already a terrific news gathering operation. This could be done across the world. I am super excited about that and for me it is another opportunity.
 
Q: Where do you see movie making or news media, five years from now?
 
A: This is an extremely good question. You can only answer that question if you identify the most important fundamental thing about the endeavour in question. So, about  Amazon, ten years from now no customer is going to say `I love Amazon, I wish it delivered more slowly’. Fast delivery is a fundamental desire of customers. You have to find things that are stable in time. About news organisations, nobody is ever going to say ten years from now I wish the “Washington Post” was a little more boring. So, the number one rule is you have to be interesting.  The fundamental thing that is not going to change about Amazon Studios is that at the end of the day it is about  storytelling and how do we tell better stories.
 
Q: Which reminds us, Deutsche Post has beaten you in using drones for delivery of goods.
 
A: I am super excited about drones. The hardest part of that is going to be the regulatory part, getting permission to use the drones. We are going to be working with regulators all over the world to make sure that we end up with rules that keep people safe.

RBI nudges banks in India to mine Facebook and Twitter to know customers betterRBI nudges banks in India to mine Facebook and Twitter to know customers better
Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 14:28  IST
Sep 29 2014, 14:28  IST
 

Jaya moves HC against conviction  Panneerselvam sworn inJaya moves HC against conviction, Panneerselvam sworn in
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 12:50 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:05 IST(29/9/2014)
O Paneerselvam on Monday was sworn in as the new Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, replacing the jailed All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) chief J Jayalalithaa.
Jayalalithaa on Monday moved the Karnataka High Court challenging her conviction in the disproportionate assets case.
Jayalalithaa who was sentenced to 4 years in prison and a fine of Rs100 crores by a special court in Bangalore in the corruption case also appealed for bail and for a suspension of the sentence.
Eminent lawyer Ram Jethmalani is being roped in to argue the case for securing an early bail to Jayalalithaa considering her health and age-related ailments, agency reports said.
Though the high court will remain closed from Monday till Oct 6 for the Dussehra holidays, a vacation bench will take up urgent or special cases on merits Tuesday and Thursday.
According to special public prosecutor G Bhavani Singh, only a high court or Supreme Court can hear bail petitions in corruption cases where the sentence is beyond three years.
Special judge John Michael D'Cunha Saturday held the Tamil Nadu chief minister and three other accused guilty of the criminal offence under the relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and sentenced them to four years jail.
The judge also imposed a hefty fine of Rs.100 crore on Jayalalithaa and Rs. 10 crore each on the other three convicts, as the prosecution proved with material evidence that they had amassed illegally assets valued at Rs. 54 crore in 1996.
The other three are Jayalalithaa's confidente Sasikala Natarajan, V.N. Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi. All the three are also lodged in the central jail.

BlackBerry gets its Passport to redemptionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CNX Pharma at record high; Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy on a rollCNX Pharma at record high; Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy on roll
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 05.11PM IST
Tags:
Aurobindo
(Among the top performers…)
MUMBAI: The momentum is building up in pharmaceutical companies ahead of the second quarter earnings. Investors are ditching cyclicals and lapping up pharma stocks due to visibility in earnings. Pick-up in exports markets at a time when the rupee is near 61 per dollar mark is also making investors bullish on the sector.
"Since global cues seem to be alright and there are domestic challenges, we have to set our house in order. I guess export-facing businesses like pharma and IT will continue to do well. That is what you are witnessing in the market," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
Investors are even ready to buy pharmaceutical companies at higher valuations due to upgrade in earnings.
"Pharma stocks are clearly far more expensive. They have seen a massive increase in valuations over last two-three years. But the good thing about pharma stocks has been that it has been accompanied by very strong acceleration in earnings. That is what has held up the multiples at a higher level," said Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equity & MD, India, Nomura Financial Advisories & Securities.
Among the top performers in the pharma space have been Sun Pharmaceuticals, Ranbaxy, Lupin and Aurobindo Pharmaceuticals.
Sun Pharmaceuticals is on a road to recovery after a sharp decline earlier this month. The stock has gained over 4 per cent in the last one week and the upward momentum is likely to continue after the recently held Annual General Meeting.
According to the management, Form 483 issued to its Halol facility in Gujarat is largely procedural and the company is following good manufacturing practices acrosss facilities.
Shares of Ranbaxy have been moving inline Sun pharmaceuticals ahead of their merger. According to Sun Pharmaceuticals management, CCI nod for the deal with Ranbaxy by December..
Lupin is in an upmove after it recently signed a blockbuster deal with Merck Serono. Lupin will support Merck Serono in the implementation of the company's general medicines portfolio expansion initiative in emerging markets thus addressing local needs for affordable, high quality medicines.
Aurobindo Pharma has gained traction after Medicines Patent Pool (MPP), an United Nations arm, entered into sub-licencing agreement with five Indian companies including Aurobindo for generic manufacturing a HIV drug tenofovir alafenamide for 112 developing countries.
"Sun Pharma is the best bet because post the Ranbaxy merger we could expect earnings to double from here on. We expect their margins to be in the range of 30-35 per cent in the coming year. So, as a long-term story, Sun Pharma is the best play in the pharma space," said Ravi Muthukrishnan, Co-Head Research, ICICI Securities.
"Lupin is also a good name for us. We do not cover too many midcap stocks in the pharma space," he told ET Now.
At 02:20 p.m.; the CNX Pharma Index was 1.91 per cent up at 10,701.80. It surged to an all-time high of 10,742.45 in trade today.
Ranbaxy rallied 3.60 per cent, Sun Pharma was 3.50 per cent higher, Lupin gained 0.94 per cent and Cipla was 1.11 per cent higher.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After Madison Square show  Modi to meet Obama and woo America s top CEOsComments
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs at a breakfast meeting with top US executives on Monday, saying the country was open-minded and ready for change.
Modi’s message to industry bigwigs in New York comes in the midst of his promises to make his country more attractive for doing business.
Addressing top executives, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, the PM spoke on the recent Supreme Court order cancelling more than 200 coal block allocations due to illegalities, a move that has added to an environment of policy uncertainty in India after the earlier scrapping of 2G telecom spectrums.
“(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward & clean up the past,” Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs tweeted, quoting the Prime Minister as saying.
Modi also discussed steps that can be taken to enhance India's business environment.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," another of Akbaruddin’s tweets, quoting the Prime Minister, said."
Read: Narendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
The country had also failed to pass key economic reform laws in the last few years of the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance government, a problem Modi promised to tackle after coming to power in an absolute majority.
"Infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs & enhances quality of life of our citizens," Modi told the CEOs.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Read: Modi moves to resurrect India lobby
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.

Gionee launches CTRL V4S Android KitKat smartphone at Rs 9999Gionee CTRL V4S runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 1 GB RAM and Android 4.4 OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:36 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 10:40 am
Gionee has launched its CTRL V4S in India at a price of Rs 9,999. The GioneeCTRL V4S runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 1 GB RAM and Android 4.4 OS. Featuring a 4.5-inch IPS LCD, the devices mounts an 8 MP rear camera along with a 2 MP front camera.
“The device ION plating and laser carving process making the appearance of the mobile phone more delicate. It has a slim bodywith a width of 7.8 mm and comes with Hotknot feature allows two phones to exchange photos and videos in an instant as long as the two screens are put together,” said Arvind Vohra, India Head, Gionee Smartphones.
Specs

Express LOL: How Modis US trip is like a WWE tourPrint
Express LOL | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:31 pm
Narendra Modi is in the middle of a charm offensive in the USA, and packed crowds greet him at every venue. The public adulation is at the level normally reserved for rockstars and Stone Cold Steve Austin.
So here are a few examples of how Modi’s US speeches have been a lot like the WWE.

Emotional Panneerselvam takes oathUpdated: October 3, 2014 09:37 IST
Panneerselvam takes oath; retains old cabinet
B. Aravind Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu P. Valarmathi being sworn in as a minister for Social Welfare during the swearing in ceremony held in Chennai on Monday. Photo: S.R. Raghunathan
The Hindu Senior ministers turn emotional during the swearing-in ceremony of O. Panneerselvam as Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister held at Raj Bhavan in Chennai on Monday. Photo: S.R.Raghunathan
PTI O. Panneerselvam.
PTI File photo O. Panneerselvam ahead of presenting the Tamil Nadu budget. The Jayalalithaa loyalist was sworn-in as state's Chief Minister on Monday.
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
A tearful oath-taking
O. Panneerselvam, staunch loyalist of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa, was sworn in as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for a second time on Monday by Governor K. Rosaiah, followed by the induction of other Ministers. The ceremony was emotionally charged with virtually every member of the new Cabinet breaking down .
Mr. Panneerselvam succeeds party General Secretary Jayalalithaa after she was convicted in the disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court on Saturday.
As the Governor invited him to take oath, Mr. Panneerselvam was in tears, but continued to read the pledge. He was seen wiping his tears frequently as his cabinet colleagues began taking oath, most of them also in tears.
The ministers sat silently looking down. At the end of an agonisingly long ceremony, the Governor extended his customary greetings by patting them, but to no avail.
The HinduSenior ministers turn emotional during the swearing-in ceremony of O. Panneerselvam as Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister held at Raj Bhavan in Chennai on Monday. Photo: S.R.Raghunathan
Senior ministers turn emotional during the swearing-in ceremony of O. Panneerselvam as Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister held at Raj Bhavan in Chennai on Monday. Photo: S.R.Raghunathan
The HinduP. Valarmathi being sworn in as a minister for Social Welfare during the swearing in ceremony held in Chennai on Monday. Photo: S.R. Raghunathan
P. Valarmathi being sworn in as a minister for Social Welfare during the swearing in ceremony held in Chennai on Monday. Photo: S.R. Raghunathan
Other ministers and their portfolios
Natham R. Viswanathan (Electricity and Prohibition)
R. Vaithilingam (Housing and Urban Development)
Edappadi K. Palaniswami (Highways and Minor Ports)
P. Mohan (Rural Industries and Labour)
B. Valarmathi (Social Welfare and Nutritious Noon Meal Programme)
P. Palaniappan (Higher Education)

Nifty hovers around 7950; Strides Arcolab up 6%  IT gainsSep 29, 2014, 03.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty end down; Strides Arcolab up 6%, IT gains
Defensives like pharma and IT lend support while select metal and FMCG stocks correct and midcaps outperform.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty end down; Strides Arcolab up 6%, IT gains
Defensives like pharma and IT lend support while select metal and FMCG stocks correct and midcaps outperform.
Post your opinion here
14:30
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing: The market ended volatile session on a flat note. The Sensex is down 29.21 points at 26597.11 and the Nifty down 9.95 points at 7958.90. About 1857 shares have advanced, 1088 shares declined and 100 shares were unchanged.
IT and pharma stocks were on buyers radar while banks, metals and FMCG were down. TCS, Sun Pharma, GAIL, Infosys and Hindalco were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, Coal India, ICICI Bank and ITC.
03:15 pm Currency movements: The dollar hit its highest in almost two years against the euro with German inflation data expected to keep pressure on the ECB to ease monetary policy further, while unrest in Hong Kong hurt Asian-exposed European shares.
The dollar was broadly stronger, hitting a four-year high against a basket of currencies, a six-year peak against the yen and a 13-month high against the New Zealand dollar. Reserve Bank of New Zealand data showed the central bank intervened last month to speed its currency's descent.
Data on Friday showing higher US growth in the second quarter fuelled speculation that a Federal Reserve interest rate hike may come sooner than expected, in striking contrast with the outlook for the European Central Bank.
3:00 pm Buzzing: Shares of  Strides Arcolab jumped 9 percent after board approved its merger with Shasun Pharmaceuticals . Shares of Shasun Pharma were up 5 percent intraday.
“Each equity shareholder of Shasun will be entitled to receive five equity shares of Strides in lieu of 16 equity shares held in Shasun. Based on the exchange ratio, Shasun shareholders will own 26 percent  of the combined entity.  The current promoters of Shasun will, post the approval of the merger, be categorised as promoters of the combined entity, along  with the existing promoters of Strides,” a BSE filing said.
The combined entity to be amongst the top 15 listed Indian pharmaceutical companies by revenue with a turnover in excess of Rs 2,500 crore. The board of directors of the combined entity will comprise of independent directors. The appointed date for the Scheme of Amalgamation is April 1, 2015.
The Nifty is hovering around 7950, down 12.80 points at 7956.05. The Sensex is down 32.78 points at 26593.54. About 1846 shares have advanced, 1004 shares declined, and 84 shares are unchanged. 
Defensives like pharma and IT lend support while select metal and FMCG stocks correct and midcaps outperform.
Sun Pharma is the top gainer on the Nifty. Its merger with Ranbaxy is expected to be on FIPB agenda on October 1. Additionally, CNBC-TV18 learns the company is planning to focus on dermatology post Ranbaxy merger. It expects almost 38-40 percent of US sales to come from dermatology by FY18.
TCS, Infosys, BHEL, GAIL are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the laggards are the Tata Steel, ITC, Sesa Sterlite, Coal India and Bajaj Auto.
13:00

Market share in UV segment to increase gradually: M&MSep 29, 2014, 04.07 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Market share in UV segment to increase gradually: M&M
VS Parthasarathy, Group CFO, Mahindra & Mahindra believes that the Indian economy has not turned around completely yet.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market share in UV segment to increase gradually: M&M
VS Parthasarathy, Group CFO, Mahindra & Mahindra believes that the Indian economy has not turned around completely yet.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
In a bid to cash-in on the upcoming festive season, auto major,  Mahindra & Mahindra will be launching new tractor and Scorpio. Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the latest happenings in the company, Group CFO VS Parthasarathy says that M&M expects its market share in the utility vehicle (UV) segment to go rise gradually.
M&M, which launched 'Scorpio Refresh' this month, will be offering multiple products over next 12-15 months. The company also aims to unveil Ssangyong X100 in Q1CY15.
Recently, the company has secured ‘AAA’ rating from all the four major ratings agencies. The AAA rating from all agencies comes after 12 years, Parthasarathy adds.
Meanwhile, M &M reported 7.18 percent decline in total sales at 35,175 units in August . It had sold 37,897 units in the same month last year. M&M's domestic sales went down by 5.72 percent to 33,145 units last month as against 35,159 units a year earlier. Sales of passenger vehicles, including Scorpio, XUV 500, Xylo, Bolero and Verito, stood at 14,140 units compared with 15,821 units in August 2013, down 10.62 percent.
Below is the verbatim transcript of VS Parthasarathy's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi
Latha: You would now have a very good idea of the festival sales mood, are you getting a sense that it is much better than the previous festival sales period, are we definitely troughing out in terms of demand?
A: Festival mood is very much in the air but as they say that everything we need to wait and watch till things do but we have something to excite the market at least in the tractor one with the new Arjun tractor launch and here with the new Scorpio launch. So we have something which will keep markets buzzing.
Latha: I wanted to start with understanding the demand scenario itself. Has the market improved from Onam to now you have had a bit of a time pre-Diwali sales is not very far away, so I just wanted to know what are your sales team is telling you, is there festival demand at all?
A: One of the things I wanted to come on air because I was very excited to share one news with you. CRISIL has given us a AAA rating and with that all four major credit rating agencies Fitch, ICRA, CARE and now CRISIL have affirmed a AAA rating for us. It is a grand slam. This is first in the corporate world and this comes to us as the gap of 12 years. So I was very excited to share this with you.
Latha: Can you tell us what was the previous rating that CRISIL had but more importantly, what does this mean in terms of your ability to raise money, is it going to be sharply lower and therefore are you looking at any money raise?
A: The earlier rating was one-notch lower at AA plus and therefore that goes to AAA from all the four agencies and what it basically means is that whatever was perception in a sense major stakeholders are already treating us as AAA, now with the rating agency affirming us, that will turn into reality. What it will convert for us in M&M will be that it will give to marginally better rates.
We don’t raise too much money in M&M, however, it allows for a rerating for all our group companies and therefore they can also go up one notch and there - for example, Mahindra Finance can then access cheaper sources and better rates for their funds which overall should bring down the cost of financing for the Mahindra group. It also kind of reflects on our flexibility and the financial flexibility and our ability to handle even turbulent periods. Therefore, the market and the investment can look at it as a very positive stock to invest in a sense.
Mahindra Finance always needs money so it is in the business of investing and for the others we will raise as and when required taking into account any fund requirements that we have going forward. So we will have specific plans which will unveil as time goes on but all of us do need money over the next 12-15 months period.
Sumaira: Monsoons are looking up, your ratings are looking very good. You are saying demand in the festive season could be looking up as well. So would you then look to once again scale up your volume growth guidance for the tractor segment? Last quarter you saw one of the highest market shares in the previous ten quarters, why would you not scale that up once again to that 8-10 percent range or rather than keep it at that 5 percent?
A: First and foremost is yes, the monsoon as you rightly said have turned out to be much lesser of an issue than what it was felt earlier. So earlier minus 18 percent negative now minus 11 percent but you have to reckon the fact that it is still minus 11 percent.
Second thing is that overall the industry of auto is looking up and there are green shoots but you cannot say that the entire industry has turned around and that it is clearly big growth period. It is showing signs that it is recovering and we have to wait and watch. So I would say as in every scenario, we should look with hope for the future but there will be a time at the end of Q2 when we talk about Q3 and full year maybe that is the time to look at and maybe by September we will also know how much is the demand coming through.
We are not in a hurry to change ratings either way but like you said, there are a lot of positive inputs into the system right now but there is also the fact that not everything is hunky-dory. A lot of them is promise-based and we need to see how it turns around in the next few months.
Latha: You are also at the moment, launching a new version of the Scropio, can you tell us what are you gunning by way of sales targets?
A: I will let the sales targets be talked about by the auto team, what I can say is we are gunning towards getting and retaining the flagship position that we have in our Scorpio brand. Scorpio has been one of our fast selling models and with this, it gives a completely new revamp, it is a new platform and therefore should stroke up the demand and keep up that Scorpio sale very consistently up.
Latha: Does it come at a higher margin for you, generally are margins improving because commodity prices are falling, so should we expect that you will get somewhere towards double digit margins, you are at more than 9 plus if I am not mistaken?
A: We always thought our margins were much higher than single digits. That is one of the things that we have seriously been able to manage and that is the financial flexibility that is also reflecting the rating. If you are talking about operating margins, the auto margin was around 13-14 percent kind of range.
M&M stock price
On November 21, 2014, Mahindra and Mahindra closed at Rs 1246.50, up Rs 14.65, or 1.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1421.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 847.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 58.92 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 270.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.61.

Strides Arcolab approves merger with Shasun PharmaSep 29, 2014, 06.54 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Strides Arcolab approves merger with Shasun Pharma
Shareholders will get five shares of Strides for every 16 shares held in Shasun. The merger will be an all-stock transaction.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Strides Arcolab approves merger with Shasun Pharma
Shareholders will get five shares of Strides for every 16 shares held in Shasun. The merger will be an all-stock transaction.
Post your opinion here
The  Strides Arcolab board of directors at a meeting held on September 29, 2014, approved a scheme of amalgamation between the company and  Shasun Pharmaceuticals wherein, Shasun Pharmaceuticals will amalgamate with the Company.
The scheme of amalgamation is subject to various statutory and regulatory approvals, as may be applicable.
Shareholders will get five shares of Strides for every 16 shares held in Shasun. The merger will be an all-stock transaction. The merger will create an entity among the top 15 listed domestic drug makers with a turnover of over Rs 2,500 crore.
Based on the exchange ratio, Shasun shareholders will own 26 percent of the combined entity. The current promoters of Shasun will, post the approval of the merger, be categorised as promoters of the combined entity, along with the existing promoters of Strides.
The Strides Arcolab board will also consider special dividend on October 7.
Arun Kumar, founder and group CEO of Strides says: “Since the divestment of our injectibles business, which resulted in significant value creation for our shareholders, Strides has refocused on its oral finished formulation business. Today’s proposed combination with Shasun accelerates our strategy and growth prospects by creating a larger scale, fully integrated, leading Indian pharma company with multiple growth drivers and synergies that will allow for enhanced profitability and more efficient use of our combined infrastructure and enhanced value creation opportunities for the combined shareholder group.”
Kumar is excited to work closely with the Shasun promoters and leadership in jointly building the combined entity to become one of the leading global players.
Echoing with Strides' Kumar, Abhaya Kumar, CEO and MD of Shasun says that the company is very excited about combining with Strides, which has a tremendous track record of creating shareholder value.
Strides and Shasun bring complementary strengths and shared values of developing products and market opportunities across geographies and the combination accelerates both scale and scope, says Shasun's Kumar. He is confident that the vertically integrated new combination will deliver further additional value in the near term for all stakeholders above and beyond the strong gains achieved to date on its own.
Strides also sold 25 percent stake in Biotech arm to GMS Holdings for USD 29.1 million.
Reacting to the news, independent market analyst, Ambaressh Baliga says the merger will be positive for both the entities and so, the overall margins of the companies should improve going ahead.
Vikas Dandekar of pharmasianews.com says Shasun has been doing so for several years now and it is a huge active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) company. Arun Kumar’s ability to turn around companies into rich valuations is something he has been doing for several years now.
“I will also put a bit of focus on his attempt to merge several years ago with Matrix Lab that couldn’t come through but because again something that is definitely very well timed,” he adds.
(With inputs from PTI)
Strides Arcolab stock price
On November 21, 2014, Strides Arcolab closed at Rs 747.05, up Rs 7.60, or 1.03 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1050.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 343.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 645.04 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 1.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 273.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.73.
RELATED NEWS

Is India close to a ratings upgradeSep 29, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Is India close to a ratings upgrade?
SandP was the last of the three main global ratings agencies with a negative outlook on India; Moody`s never changed India`s outlook, while Fitch upgraded it to stable in 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Is India close to a ratings upgrade?
SandP was the last of the three main global ratings agencies with a negative outlook on India; Moody`s never changed India`s outlook, while Fitch upgraded it to stable in 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Standard and Poor`s (SandP) revised its outlook on India`s `BBB-` sovereign credit rating to "stable" from "negative" on Friday, leading investors to question whether a ratings upgrade near.
The revision was backed by an improvement in India`s external position and growth prospects and means it`s no longer on the brink of a "junk" rating. SandP was the last of the three main global ratings agencies with a negative outlook on India; Moody`s never changed India`s outlook, while Fitch upgraded it to stable in 2013.
While the risk of a downgrade is now firmly off the table, a lot more needs to happen before India gets a ratings upgrade, Radhika Rao, economist at DBS told CNBC.
"Clarity is still required on the fiscal consolidation efforts, take-off pace of the reform agenda and sustained pick-up in growth in a controlled inflationary environment," she said.
"A ratings upgrade would be a 2016 story," she said.
SandP could raise the rating if the economy reverts to "a real per capita gross domestic product trend growth of 5.5 percent per year and fiscal, external, or inflation metrics improve," it said in a statement accompanying its outlook revision.
Conversely, SandP may lower the rating if the government`s structural reform agenda stalls and economic growth doesn`t accelerate or fiscal and debt ratios fail to improve, it said.
Not so fast
Green shoots suggest improvements in Asia`s third-largest economy, but whether a full-blown recovery develops remains to be seen.The economy grew5.7 percent on year in the June quarter, its quickest pace in two-and-a-half years.
India watchers expect Prime Minister Narendra Modi`s stable government and proactive policy measures to strengthen macroeconomic fundamentals to help put the economy back on a high growth trajectory.
But Rajeev Malik, senior economist CLSA, Asia-Pacific Markets agrees a ratings upgrade is not on the cards anytime soon.
"SandP`s move isn`t telling you anything new, it`s just echoing what investors have already acted upon," he said, citing the stellar performance of Indian equities.
India`s Nifty index has rallied 37 percent over the past 12 months driven by a combination of factors including a turnaround in macroeconomic imbalances, rupee stability and sweeping election victory for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) - led National Democratic Alliance (NDA).
"There is a possibility of an upgrade but first we have to see significant implementation of reforms as ratings agencies aren`t prone to action on cyclical factors," he said.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Sell DLF  GMR Infra: Manas Jaiswal02:30 pm
Manas Jaiswal, technical analyst at manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "I am expecting around 70-80 points crack in Nifty. DLF  is making lower-top and lower bottom on the daily chart. Three to four days back the stock made a low of Rs 153 and it bounced back but again it is facing lot of resistance near to Rs 164-165. So we may see more weakness and the stock can break its recent high of Rs 153. It can test Rs 150, so that is out target and stoploss should be Rs 162."
"One can sell GMR Infrastructure . On the intraday chart the stock has very strong resistance in the range of Rs 19-19.50 and right now it is stating below February 2014 low of Rs 18.80. So we will see more weakness and one can go short at current levels for the target at Rs 17.50 and stoploss should be Rs 19.30," he said.
 

Sensex  Nifty in consolidation mode; banks metals dragSep 29, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty in consolidation mode; banks & metals drag
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Cipla and Infosys are top gainers in the Sensex. On the losing side are Hindalco, M&M, Tata Power, Coal India and Bharti Airtel.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty in consolidation mode; banks & metals drag
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Cipla and Infosys are top gainers in the Sensex. On the losing side are Hindalco, M&M, Tata Power, Coal India and Bharti Airtel.
Post your opinion here
11:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:55 am Oil check: Crude oil futures eased by 0.59 percent to Rs 5,741 per barrel today as speculators reduced their exposures amid a weakening trend in Asian trade.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in October traded Rs 34, or 0.59 per cent, to Rs 5,741 per barrel in 2,312 lots.
In a likewise fashion, oil for November delivery moved down by Rs 30, or 0.52 per cent, to Rs 5,721 per barrel in 96 lots.
11:30 am Market outlook: India received a shot in the arm as global rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday revised India's credit outlook to "stable" from "negative", acknowledging the improvement in the country’s economic environment. The revision was backed by an improvement in India’s external position and growth prospects and means it’s no longer on the brink of a "junk" rating.
S&P was the last of the three main global ratings agencies with a negative outlook on India; Moody’s never changed India’s outlook, while Fitch upgraded it to stable in 2013. Although Moody’s outlook on India remains stable, Andrew Colquhoun, Head of Asia-Pacific Sovereign Ratings Group at Fitch Ratings doesn't see any chance of an alteration in ratings for India in the medium-term.
Don't miss: ICICI Sec says mkt in bull phase, picks top 8 stock bets
The Nifty starts the week in consolidation mode as traders seem to be cautious ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review tomorrow. The 50-share index is down 1.20 points at 7967.65. The Sensex is up 35.34 points at 26661.66. About 1633 shares have advanced, 663 shares declined, and 66 shares are unchanged.
Defensives continue to gain as Sun Pharma builds on to Friday’s rally while banks trade mixed & metals are weak. TCS, BHEL, Cipla and Infosys are top gainers in the Sensex. On the losing side are Hindalco, M&M, Tata Power, Coal India and Bharti Airtel.
Tourism stocks are higher after the PM Narendra Modi eased visa norms for US nationals and PIO card holders.
NSE's volatility gauge, India VIX has surged 7.3 percent and is heading towards fourth day of gains in five on fears of foreign investor sales. It has risen nearly 20 percent since September 22. Traders cite uncertainties including the Supreme Court's cancellation of most coal blocks allotted since 1993. State elections in October are also seen weighing.
Globally, Asia is mixed while Hang Seng is at a two-month low on account of pro-democracy.
10:00

Patel Logistics up 20% on cargo alliance with AmazonSep 29, 2014, 01.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Patel Logistics up 20% on cargo alliance with Amazon
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Areef Patel, Executive Vice Chairman said the company fetches monthly business of around Rs 50-70 lakh and is looking to double this revenue.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Patel Logistics up 20% on cargo alliance with Amazon
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Areef Patel, Executive Vice Chairman said the company fetches monthly business of around Rs 50-70 lakh and is looking to double this revenue.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Patel Integrated Logistics are locked at 20 percent upper circuit, hitting Rs 54.05 intraday on Monday after it entered into a cargo alliance with e-tailing major Amazon. It has joined hands with Amazon to fast-track delivery to customers across the country.
The logistics company has begun securing exclusive bookings from airlines to ship Amazon's products ahead of the festive season.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Areef Patel, Executive Vice Chairman said the company fetches monthly business of around Rs 50-70 lakh and is looking to double this revenue. “We will be looking at the margins going up as the volumes go up. Unfortunately, over the last couple of months we have had couple of rate increases with the airlines due to the high fuel cost but hopefully that will change if things settle down,” he said
At 12:31 hrs Patel Integrated Logistics was quoting at Rs 54.05, up Rs 9.00, or 19.98 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Kolkata: Artists from US collaborate with Indian craftsmen to install street art at puja pandalIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

After BJP goes alone in Maharashtra  Shiv Sena MP Anant Geete to quit Modi CabinetSep 29, 2014 at  01:51pm IST
After BJP goes alone in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena MP Anant Geete to quit Modi Cabinet
15
0
Mumbai: After Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party parted ways in Maharashtra, Sena MP Anant Geete to resign from the Narendra Modi's Cabinet after the Prime Minister returns from his maiden US trip.
Geete was the only Shiv Sena MP in the BJP-led NDA Cabinet. He was the Union Minister of Heavy Industries.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray made the announcement a day after Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray said that Sena was hanging on to power despite the alliance being called off.
Uddhav Thackeray said, "Geete will no longer remain in the Cabinet."
Geete had earlier claimed that he won't resign as the Sena-BJP alliance remains intact at the Centre.
The 25-year-old alliance broke as the parties failed to reach a consensus on the seat sharing formula in poll-bound Maharashtra. Both the parties refused to bow down on the number of seats they wanted to contest.
Meanwhile, Home Minister and senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh said that no decision has been taken on whether or not Geete will continue in the Union Cabinet after his party Shiv Sena snapped ties with the BJP.
"The party has to take a decision. We have not had any discussions about him. The issue has not come into our consideration yet," he said.
The Home Minister said that the collapse of BJP's alliance with Sena ahead of Maharashtra Assembly elections was "very unfortunate".
7

Beware! You have no idea what all information your smartphone may be giving awaySep 29, 2014 at  03:22pm IST
Beware! You have no idea what information your smartphone may be giving away
16
3
Singapore: When popular Chinese handset maker Xiaomi Inc admitted that its devices were sending users' personal information back to a server in China, it prompted howls of protest and an investigation by Taiwan's government.
The affair has also drawn attention to just how little we know about what happens between our smartphone and the outside world. In short: it might be in your pocket, but you don't call the shots.
As long as a device is switched on, it could be communicating with at least three different masters: the company that built it, the telephone company it connects to, and the developers of any third party applications you installed on the device - or were pre-installed before you bought it.
As long as a device is switched on, it could be communicating with at least three different masters. ( Man using a smartphone , via Shutterstock)
#smartphone #xiaomi #phone #personal data
All these companies could have programed the device to send data 'back home' to them over a wireless or cellular network - with or without the user's knowledge or consent. In Xiaomi's case, as soon as a user booted up their device it started sending personal data 'back home'.
This, Xiaomi said, was to allow users to send SMS messages without having to pay operator charges by routing the messages through Xiaomi's servers. To do that, the company said, it needed to know the contents of users' address books.
"What Xiaomi did originally was clearly wrong: they were collecting your address book and sending it to themselves without you ever agreeing to it," said Mikko Hypponen, whose computer security company F-Secure helped uncover the problem. "What's more, it was sent unencrypted."
Xiaomi has said it since fixed the problem by seeking users' permission first, and only sending data over encrypted connections, he noted.
Industry issue
Xiaomi is by no means alone in grabbing data from your phone as soon as you switch it on.
A cellular operator may collect data from you, ostensibly to improve how you set up your phone for the first time, says Bryce Boland, Asia Pacific chief technology officer at FireEye, an internet security firm. Handset makers, he said, may also be collecting information, from your location to how long it takes you to set up the phone.
"It's not that it's specific to any handset maker or telco," said Boland. "It's more of an industry problem, where organisations are taking steps to collect data they can use for a variety of purposes, which may be legitimate but potentially also have some privacy concerns."
Many carriers, for example, include in their terms of service the right to collect personal data about the device, computer and online activities - including what web sites users visit. One case study by Hewlett-Packard and Qosmos, a French internet security company, was able to track individual devices to, for example, identify how many Facebook messages a user sent. The goal: using all this data to pitch users highly personalised advertising.
But some users fear it's not just the carriers collecting such detailed data.
Three years ago, users were alarmed to hear that US carriers pre-installed an app from a company called Carrier IQ that appeared to transmit personal data to the carrier.
Users filed a class-action lawsuit, not against the carriers but against handset makers including HTC Corp, Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics which, they say, used the software to go beyond collecting diagnostic data the carriers needed.
The suit alleges the handset firms used the Carrier IQ software to intercept private information for themselves, including recording users' email and text messages without their permission - data the users claim may also have been shared with third parties. The companies are contesting the case.
And then there are the apps that users install. Each requires your permission to be able to access data or functions on your device - the microphone, say, if you want that device to record audio, or locational data if you want it to provide suggestions about nearby restaurants.
Shedding some light
But it isn't always easy for a user to figure out just what information or functions are being accessed, what data is then being sent back to the developers' servers - and what happens to that data once it gets there. Bitdefender, a Romania-based antivirus manufacturer, found last year that one in three of Android smartphone apps upload personal information to "third party companies, without specifically letting you know."
Not only is this hidden from the user, it's often unrelated to the app's purpose.
Take for example, an Android app that turns your device into a torch by turning on all its lights - from the camera flash to the keyboard backlight. When users complained about it also sending location-based data, the US Federal Trade Commission forced the app's Idaho-based developer to make clear the free app was also collecting data so it could target users with location-specific ads. Even so, the app has been installed more than 50 million times and has overwhelmingly positive user reviews.
While most concerns are about phones running Android, Apple's devices aren't free from privacy concerns.
Carriers control the code on the SIM, for example, and this is one possible way to access data on the phone. And, despite stricter controls over apps in Apple's app store, FireEye's Boland says his company continues to find malicious apps for the iOS platform, and apps that send sensitive data without the user knowing. "The iPhone platform is more secure than the Android platform, but it's certainly not perfect," he said.
Apple says its iOS protects users' data by ensuring apps are digitally signed and verified by Apple's own security system.
Back in the driving seat
The problem, then, often isn't about whether handset makers, app developers and phone companies are grabbing data from your phone, but what kind of data, when, and for what.
"If we look at the content sent by many apps it's mindboggling how much is actually sent," said Boland. "It's impossible for someone to really know whether something is good or bad unless they know the context."
Handset makers need to be clear with users about what they're doing and why, said Carl Pei, director at OnePlus, a Shenzhen, China-based upstart rival to Xiaomi. OnePlus collects "anonymous statistical information" such as where a phone is activated, the model and the version of software that runs on it, Pei said, which helps them make better decisions about servicing customers and where to focus production.
Unlike Xiaomi, Pei said, OnePlus' servers are based in the United States, which in the light of recent privacy concerns, he said, "gives people greater peace of mind than having them based out of China."
That peace of mind may be elusive as long as there's money to be made, says David Rogers, who teaches mobile systems security at the University of Oxford and chairs the Device Security Group at the GSMA, a global mobile industry trade association.
"Users are often sacrificed to very poor security design and a lack of consideration for privacy," he said. "At the same time, taking user data is part of a profit model for many corporations so they don't make it easy for users to prevent what is essentially data theft."
45

US awards $450M to link job training to industry... 
September 29, 2014 06:01 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration is awarding nearly a half-billion dollars to community colleges that are partnering with employers on job training.
Massasoit Community College in Massachusetts and Wisconsin's Chippewa Valley Technical College are the largest recipients and will each get about $20 million.
A Maryland program will receive $15 million to partner with companies like Raytheon and IBM to train workers with little education for jobs in cybersecurity or information technology. Community and technical colleges in Kentucky will get $10 million to expand online learning for degrees in computer and medical fields.
Vice President Joe Biden and the secretaries of Education and Labor will announce the grant winners Monday at the White House. Linking job training to industry demand is key to the administration's strategy to improve wages and reduce unemployment.

Lisbon mayor takes charge of Portugal s Socialists... 
September 29, 2014 05:38 AM EST | Associated Press
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Portugal's main opposition Socialist Party has chosen a new leader to fight next year's general election.
Lisbon Mayor Antonio Costa collected around two-thirds of the vote in a contest with Antonio Jose Seguro, party leader for the past three years, according to results published late Sunday.
Costa challenged Seguro for the leadership after the center-left Socialists failed to establish a clear advantage in opinion polls over the center-right government, which has cut pay and raised taxes.
Socialist supporters want Costa to focus policies on economic growth instead of cutbacks, and lower an unemployment rate of 14 percent. Costa has offered few details of his plans for reducing Portugal's massive debt burden, with public debt at 129 percent of gross domestic product.
A general election is due in October 2015.

Lenovo looks to expand after IBM acquisition...and
versions
BANGKOK (AP) — Lenovo Group has received U.S. and European approval to complete its acquisition of IBM Corp.'s low-end server business and plans to use it to grow faster outside its personal computer business, Lenovo's chairman said Monday.
The $2.1 billion acquisition is due to close Wednesday following a successful review by a U.S. government security panel and European and Chinese regulators, the company said.
The IBM assets will add a "growth engine" to a growing array of businesses that include computers, mobile devices and services, chairman Yang Yuanqing said in a telephone interview.
Lenovo, which bought IBM's PC unit in 2005, has carried out a flurry of acquisitions and launched initiatives including creating a smartphone brand to expand into faster-growing businesses.
Also this year, Lenovo bought the Motorola Mobility smartphone business from Google Inc. for $2.9 billion.
"Our mobile business and our enterprise business will be growing even faster than our PC business," said Yang.
Lenovo has said the IBM acquisition will propel it from a No. 9 ranking among server manufacturers to No. 3 behind Hewlett Packard Co. and Dell Inc.
Lenovo, with headquarters in Beijing and in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, passed HP in 2013 as the No. 1 PC maker, though that achievement was tempered by a slowdown in demand as users shift to mobile devices.
Lenovo has said it expects mobile devices to become the bulk of its business in coming years.
In the quarter ending in June, sales of smartphones, tablet computers and other wireless technology rose 32 percent over a year earlier, Lenovo reported earlier. That helped to boost quarterly profit by 23 percent to $214 million.
The latest acquisition includes IBM's System x, BladeCenter and Flex System blade servers and switches, x86-based Flex integrated systems, NeXtScale and iDataPlex servers and associated software, blade networking and maintenance operations.
The price was reduced from the previously announced $2.3 billion due to a change in valuation of IBM's inventory and deferred revenue, according to Lenovo. It said none of the terms of the agreement changed.
The IBM manager in charge of the x86 server business, Adalio Sanchez, will stay in that post with Lenovo, the company said.

US trade secretary seeks more business with Poland... 
September 29, 2014 05:08 AM EST | Associated Press
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — U.S. Secretary for Commerce Penny Pritzker has identified six areas —from construction to defense — in which Poland and the U.S. should intensify their commercial ties, even before a major trans-Atlantic agreement is reached.
Pritzker told a meeting of Polish and U.S. businessmen on Monday that bilateral business is below its potential. U.S. companies have invested some $30 billion in Poland since the early 1990s.
She named infrastructure, building, technology, defense, energy and IT as "areas of opportunity."
Poland is keen to boost its developing economy. As a member of the European Union, it is part of negotiations on a free trade agreement with the U.S.
Pritzker arrived from Ukraine, where she discussed steps that the government should take in order to develop business with the U.S.

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionHong Kong occupied  Modi in Manhattan  new EU-Apple probe  CIA StarbucksGood morning, Quartz readers!
What to watch for today
More unrest in Hong Kong. Pro-democracy demonstrations led to mass arrests and tear gas over the weekend, but protesters are still occupying Hong Kong’s financial district  and causing disruptions to private businesses and mass transit networks. The protestors adopted the “hands up” gesture of non-violence  that was recently seen in Ferguson, Missouri. Beijing blocked Instagram on the mainland  and censored any mention of the protests on social media.
The Modi show continues. After speaking at the UN and wowing the crowds at Madison Square Garden, the Indian prime minister meets 11 CEOs from companies including Google, PepsiCo, and Goldman Sachs. He then sits down for dinner with US president Barack Obama, although Modi will be continuing his 9-day religious fast  (paywall).
Afghanistan’s first new leader in 13 years. Technocrat Ashraf Ghani will take control of a power-sharing government  in the country’s first democratic handover of power. He replaces Hamid Karzai, who has ruled Afghanistan since the US deposed the Taliban in 2001.
Global economic data. Germany and Spain will release data on inflation, while the UK reports net lending figures. Later, the US reports personal income, a member of the US Federal Reserve speaks in Chicago, and Brazil’s central bank releases its quarterly inflation report.
Over the weekend
Anti-Islamic State airstrikes gather momentum. The US-led coalition of more than 40 countries has  expanded its strikes to a Kurdish area of Syria along the Turkish border for the first time and  is targeting oil refineries under IS control in Syria . More than 200 airstrikes in Iraq and almost 50 in Syria have been confirmed since last month.
France’s far right party made electoral gains. The Front National will enter the upper chamber of the French parliament for the first time, after winning two seats in yesterday’s election. Though the Senate doesn’t have much power, the 348-member chamber’s swing to the right was yet another blow to socialist president Francois Hollande following the return of his nemesis, Nicolas Sarkozy .
The EU prepared a massive fine against Apple. The company will be accused of improperly  negotiating for state aid  (paywall) from the Irish government by promising jobs in exchange for preferential tax treatment, according to the Financial Times. Apple, which is under fire for its tax avoidance tactics, could face a fine of several billion euros.
Alibaba extended its shopping spree. The newly-flush Chinese internet giant will spend $459 million on 15% of Beijing Shiji Information, an technology company that caters to hotels. Alibaba hopes to build its own travel business and recruit hotel customers to its e-commerce platform.
SoftBank sweet-talked DreamWorks Animation. The Japanese telecom giant is in talks to buy Hollywood’s largest independent animation studio, according to the Hollywood Reporter . The deal values DWA at $3.4 billion, compared to its a market capitalization of $1.9 billion on Friday;  SoftBank share prices rose on the news.
At least 30 people are feared dead at a Japanese volcano. Rescuers are  searching for survivors at Mount Ontake, following a violent volcanic eruption  at the popular hiking spot.
Catalonia inched closer to an independence vote. The president of the separatist-minded region of Spain signed a decree calling for a referendum, possibly on Nov. 9. The national government in Madrid considers any attempt at a Scottish-style  secession attempt to be illegal, and is likely to take the dispute over the vote—which Catalonians call a “consultation”—to Spain’s Constitutional Court.
Air France pilots ended two-week strike. The crippling work stoppage  caused widespread flight cancellations and cost the French flag carrier €20 million ($25 million) per day. The pilots’ union isn’t happy with new contract talks  (paywall), but says that ending its strike will allow negotiations to take place “in a calmer climate.”
Quartz obsession interlude
Kabir Chibber on how India’s Modi is becoming Lula’s successor as leader of the global poor. “His words, and the manner in which he conveyed them, suggests that the world again has a leader who speaks for the billions of non-Westerners whose interests, although acknowledged, are often ignored. One they haven’t had since January 2011, when Brazil’s Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva left office.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Hong Kong protestors won’t achieve political change. But they have already won by  politicizing the public .
We’re arriving at the endgame for BlackBerry. But the smartphone still has more than $2 billion in cash .
Asia is the most dangerous region in the world. Territorial sea disputes are only one reason why.
The future of music includes vinyl records. Especially the ones with  hand-etched holograms .
Amazon is crushing local economies. It exploits low-wage workers  with the help of huge government subsidies.
Surprising discoveries
The CIA has its own secure Starbucks. The outlet  forswears loyalty cards and doesn’t write customers’ names on their cups.
Cuba banned a Che Guevara perfume. The government called the product from a state-owned company “ a serious error .”
Ireland is finally getting around to introducing postal codes. They begin in spring 2015 .
What kind of fruit is your fetus? The ubiquitous pregnancy/produce comparison scale is creepy but effective . 
One in seven Japanese adults plays pachinko. The game’s  revenues last year were a staggering $175 billion.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, Modi MSG souvenirs, and pachinko winnings to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Hong Kong police say tear gas used 87 times on protestersHong Kong police say tear gas used 87 times on protesters
Panneerselvam takes oath as Tamil Nadu CMPanneerselvam takes oath as Tamil Nadu CM
Tata signs deal with Honeywell to build defence navigator in IndiaTata signs deal with Honeywell to build defence navigator in India
Kotak Mahindra Bank completes acquisition of 15% stake in MCXKotak Mahindra Bank completes acquisition of 15% stake in MCX
BlackBerry launches Passport in IndiaBlackBerry launches Passport in India
Strides Arcolab Gains 11%; Board Approves Merger With Shasun PharmaStrides Arcolab Gains 11%; Board Approves Merger With Shasun Pharma
Jeff Bezos reminds Flipkart that he is the bossJeff Bezos reminds Flipkart that he is the boss
Financial Technologies: Update on MCX divestmentSep 29, 2014, 03.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Financial Technologies: Update on MCX divestment
With reference to the earlier announcement regarding Update on MCX divestment, Financial Technologies (India) Ltd has now informed BSE that the transaction relating to sale of 15% equity stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (KMBL) has been completed.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Financial Technologies: Update on MCX divestment
With reference to the earlier announcement regarding Update on MCX divestment, Financial Technologies (India) Ltd has now informed BSE that the transaction relating to sale of 15% equity stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (KMBL) has been completed.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier announcement regarding Update on MCX divestment, Financial Technologies (India) Ltd has now informed BSE that the transaction relating to sale of 15% equity stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (KMBL) has been completed.Source : BSE

Oriental Trimex: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 03.41 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oriental Trimex: Outcome of AGM
Oriental Trimex Ltd has informed BSE that the 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oriental Trimex: Outcome of AGM
Oriental Trimex Ltd has informed BSE that the 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Oriental Trimex Ltd has informed BSE that the 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Shiv Sena minister Anant Geete to quit Union CabinetUnion Minister for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Anant Geete
Mumbai, Sept 29:  
Anant Geete, Shiv Sena’s lone member in the Union Cabinet, will resign, party chief Uddhav Thackeray said here today, four days after the split in the saffron alliance.
“After Prime Minister Narendra Modi returns from the US, Geete will go to him and submit his resignation,” he said.
Sena sources said the party was also likely to quit NDA.
Uddhav’s announcement followed estranged cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray riling him at a poll rally here yesterday for the Sena “sticking to” power in Delhi despite breaking up with BJP.
Raj had said that Uddhav should immediately ask Geete to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to Shiv Sena.
Attacking BJP for ending its 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Sena, Raj had said that had party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive he would have ended the association a month ago.
Sena, ruling NDA’s second largest constituent with 18 Lok Sabha MPs, was upset over poor representation it got in the Modi government as well as Geete’s heavy industries portfolio, which it considered light weight. Geete, a sixth-time MP from Raigad in Konkan, had taken charge of the ministry after a delay of several days.
In the NDA government in 1999 headed by Atal Behari Vajpayee, the Sena had three Cabinet Ministers despite having fewer MPs. In 2002, it even bagged the coveted post of Lok Sabha speaker for senior leader Manohar Joshi.
Geete, however, said that he has not been given any instruction so far and therefore the question of his resigning does not arise.
“This is false news as I have not been given any instruction so far. So how does the question of my resignation arise,” said the Union Minister, who is at present in Mumbai.
He said any reports of his resignation are not true and noted that Sena contested the Lok Sabha polls as part of the NDA.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Man Industries bags order worth Rs 550 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Man Industries bags order worth Rs 550 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 29:  
Pipe maker Man Industries (India) has got orders worth about Rs 550 crore from domestic and international customers for supply of pipes for oil and gas projects.
With the new orders, the outstanding order book as on date stands at Rs 1,600 crore, a statement from the company said.
Man Industries said it also has outstanding bids over $2 billion at various stages of evaluation for several other oil, gas and water projects in India and abroad.
The company has also begun the process of upgrading its Pithampur plant to produce very large diameter pipes (up to 130 inch) to cater to the upcoming mega drinking water supply, river linking and irrigation projects in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. The work is expected to be completed by December 2014.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Casio appoints A R Rahman as brand ambassadorCasio appoints A R Rahman as brand ambassador
PTI
The Hindu A file image of A.R Rahman
New Delhi, Sept 29:  
Japanese electronics firm Casio has roped in music composer and singer director A R Rahman as brand ambassador for its electronic musical instruments division.
Association with Rahman will help it develop market and change its image as a high quality keyboard maker, Casio India, a 100 per cent subsidiary of the JPY 6 billion consumer electronics giant Casio Computer said in a statement.
Casio India Vice President Kulbhushan Seth said: “The overall market size in India for keyboards is small and is growing at a slow pace. The key objective of bringing A R Rahman on board is to contribute to music by developing the market.”
A majority of children start learning on Casio keyboards and even when they mature they still associate them with mini— keyboards, unaware that it has high quality feature rich keyboards for advanced learners as well, Seth said.
“With A R Rahman as brand ambassador, we want to break this myth and change Casio’s image amongst serious musicians,” he added.
A R Rahman said: “By this association with Casio, I appeal to everyone that they should learn music as it helps in the overall development of the personality.”
Casio India sells keyboards in India ranging from Rs 2,495 to Rs 30,995 as well as Synthesisers for professional musicians and digital pianos.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Technopark to join act of giving during Gandhi Jayanti weekTechnopark to join act of giving during Gandhi Jayanti week
VINSON KURIAN
Tweet
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, SEPT 29:  
Technopark here will join the rest of the country here to observe Daan Utsav, earlier called the Joy of Giving Week, from October 2 to 8.
Launched in 2009, the occasion brings together Indians from all walks of life to celebrate the act of giving.
GTech, the industry body of IT/ITeS companies in Kerala, will help India’s largest IT park to join the act from Gandhi Jayanti. It has the support of IT companies, employees and entrepreneurs.
MASS PARTICIPATION
“The idea is to bring together every single member of the 40,000 strong Technopark community, thus making this the largest such event in India,” says KG Girish Babu, Chief Executive Officer, Technopark.
Ten big smileys passed around the campus would cover all the employees popularising the event.
The main objective is to inculcate in the youth the need to be compassionate towards fellow beings.
“An initiative of this kind would go viral in Technopark, have multiplier effect inside as well as outside,” says T Vijay Kumar, Vice President, Aptara Inc, a chief organiser of the event.
A series of activities which provide opportunity for each one to involve, engage and contribute is being planned.
CXOS TO JOIN
The chief executive officers themselves will lead by example, all initiatives. The highlight of the celebrations would be different fund-raising programmes which would involve fun-filled activities to attract participation. One such activity would be CEO-bashing, where the employees would get to through wet sponge balls at their respective CEOs, seated in a chair, for a price.
“The proceeds would go to charity,” says Arun Raj, Chief Executive Officer, Orisys India.
Employees of various companies would join kids from care homes in pot-painting and other craft making, and then auction the products in the campus.
SPECIAL EVENTS
GTech would also conduct various events in the coastal areas in the city and bring the underprivileged to Technopark to participate in various programmes.
It has already tied up with several charity organizations like H2O, a care home for autistic kinds and elderly near Karyavattom, for the celebrations.
Beyond the Daan Utsav festival, there is the proposal to adopt H2O as a long-term project that GTech intends to support.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Alibaba gets approval to set up private bank in ChinaAlibaba gets approval to set up private bank in China
PTI
Reuters Alibaba, through its subsidiary will hold 30 per cent of share capital of the new bank
Beijing, Sept 29:  
China’s e-commerce giant Alibaba, which completed the world’s largest initial public offering ever this month, has won approval from authorities here to establish a private bank as it diversifies into financial services.
Alibaba, through its subsidiary Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co, will hold 30 per cent of share capital of the new bank, the China Banking Regulatory Commission said.
Having its own commercial bank will afford Alibaba greater control over many of its key services, including online payment and wealth management products.
Alibaba is the latest company outside the financial sphere to win approval to start a bank in China. Beijing hopes private banks will help in its drive to open up the economy to more competition and get private capital to more parts of the economy.
Alibaba completed the biggest initial public offering ever this month by selling $25 billion of stock to investors keen to tap into the world’s biggest pool of Internet users.
Shanghai JuneYao Group, the parent of Juneyao Airlines, also received regulatory approval to set up its own bank and will own a 30 per cent stake, according to the regulator.
The CBRC made public in March to create five privately owned banks focused on smaller businesses that have limited access to credit.
On July 25, the CBRC approved the establishment of three private banks, including Webank, funded by Chinese Internet giant Tencent.
Currently, China has only one private bank in service, China Minsheng Bank, which was founded in 1996 in Beijing.
Minsheng, listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong, is the country’s first national bank founded by private capital.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading flat; healthcare  consumer durables stocks major gainersSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red due to profit-taking by funds and retail investors ahead of RBI's monetary policy review tomorrow.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 26,597.11, down 29.21 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 7,958.90, down 9.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, healthcare index gained the most by 2.21 per cent, followed by IT 1.84 per cent, consumer durables 1.79 per cent and TECk 1.5 per cent. On the other hand, metal index was down 1.11 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.92 per cent and banking 0.91 per cent.
Sun Pharma, TCS, GAIL, Infosys and Hindalco were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SSLT, Tata Steel, Coal India, ITC and Bajaj Auto.
A report by India Forex Advisors said: "The non-farm employment change (in the US), which plunged to a drastic dip of 142K last month, is anticipated to recover to 216K for September. The strengthening dollar, leading to weak growth in exports, countered by declining crude imports is expected to functionally weigh on the trade deficit standing at $40.5 billion for July. The European Central Bank (ECB) is expected to keep all key rates unchanged, including the minimum bid rate at 0.05 per cent. The CPI inflation is forecasted to remain unchanged at 0.3 per cent. On the UK front, construction and services PMI might climb down while the manufacturing PMI is anticipated to remain stable."
Brokers said apart from profit-booking by cautious participants ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s monetary policy review tomorrow, a weak trend in global markets influenced the trading sentiment here.
They said sustained selling by foreign funds on the domestic bourses too had its negative impact.
A decline in bank shares led European stocks lower, with HSBC Holdings Plc weighing on the benchmark index amid pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. US index futures and Asian shares also dropped.
Investors awaited data on American personal spending and income, as well as pending home sales, to gauge the timing of any Federal Reserve interest rate increases.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index decreased 0.2 per cent to 341.48 at 11.04 a.m. in London, extending losses after a final reading showed euro-area economic confidence declined this month. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures lost 0.4 per cent,, while the MSCI Asia Pacific Index slid 0.7 per cent.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi woos Indian-Americans with slew of visa sopsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP cant be trusted: Raj ThackerayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi  Barack Obama to discuss ways to accelerate economic growthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HOV Services surges 20% on heavy volumesHOV Services surges 20% on heavy volumes
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 12:57 PM IST
HOV Services is locked in upper circuit of 20% at Rs 121 on back of heavy volumes after its business process outsourcing (BPO) firm SourceHOV said it has entered into an agreement with BancTec Group LLC.
In the transaction, stockholders of BancTech will receive stock in SourceHOV, and SourceHOV will use a new credit facility to refinance existing indebtedness, redeem certain existing SourceHOV equity holders and provide additional working capital, HOV Services said in a statement.
HOV Services through its wholly owned subsidiary HOVS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (LLC) holds a minority investment in SourceHOV Holdings, Inc.
The stock opened at Rs 102 and hit a low of Rs 97 on BSE before the announcements. A combined around 450,000 shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 97,000 shares on BSE and NSE.
 

Govt cancels SEZs of Hindalco  Essar  AdaniGovt cancels SEZs of Hindalco, Essar, Adani
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 29, 2014 02:24 PM IST
The government has cancelled approvals of nine special economic zones, including that of Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani as no "satisfactory" progress was made to execute the projects.
The decision was taken in the meeting of the Board of Approval (BoA) headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher on September 18.
"The Board noted that the progress made by the following developers/co-developers is not satisfactory. The Board, after deliberations, decided to cancel the formal approval/ notification/co-developer status, as the case may be, in 9 cases," Commerce Ministry said.
It said the developers have to refund the duty benefits availed by them.
"The approval is subject to the Development Commissioner furnishing a certificate... That the developer has not availed any tax/duty benefits under SEZ Act/Rules or has refunded any such benefits availed by it and subject to the state government furnishing it's no objection certificate to the proposal," it added.
Hindalco Industries had proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa. The formal approval to the developer was granted in July 2007. The developer was granted extension from time to time and the last extension granted expired on December 31, 2013.
Essar Jamnagar SEZ Ltd, which had proposed to set up a multi-product zone in Gujarat, got formal approval in August 2006. It was expired in August 2009. The developer did not make any request for further extension of approval.
Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company Ltd had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat. The BoA granted formal approval in June 2007, which expired in June 2010.
The developer had reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector and accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project.
The other developers whose SEZs were cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
As per SEZ rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years, by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production.
Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days, forward it to the Board with his recommendations.

Aberdeen fund outflows slowsAberdeen Asset Management fund outflows slow
By David Oakley and Mark Odell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb31962a-47a9-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICICI Bank launches savings account for minorsICICI Bank launches savings account for minors above 10 yrs
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 15:13 IST
Private sector lender ICICI Bank on Wednesday launched a savings account for minors above 10 years of age.
The account, which will be opened in the name of the minor, will offer a personalised cheque book and a debit card with a picture of his or her choice, the bank said in a statement.
"We are pleased to offer the 'Smart Star' account, which allows minors to operate their accounts independently.
This will help to inculcate a habit of saving and responsibility of spending wisely," bank's executive director Rajiv Sabharwal said.
Minors will be able to undertake various banking transactions including issuing cheques, paying bills, recharge mobile phones, open fixed deposits and recurring deposits among others.
They will also have access to banking channels such as ATM, mobile and Internet banking.

Amazon Warehouse Workers Forced To Smoke In Cagesreddit
Say you're running a warehouse. You've got lots of valuable goodies inside, so you want to keep close tabs on your workers. But some of your workers need to get outside every once in a while for a smoke. What do you do?
Apparently, you build the smokers a cage.
The Baltimore Business Journal reports that Amazon's new fulfillment center in Baltimore includes 30-foot-long outdoor cages that allow workers to step outside while still being confined. Black fencing runs from the floor to ceiling, "making it impossible for anyone inside it to pass objects to anyone standing in the parking lot."
"I asked [project manager David Jennings] when I parked back there, 'What the hell are these cages back here?'" a lending broker told reporter Kevin Litten. "They don't want inventory going back and forth on the outside, so they secured off in the back somewhere for people who need a smoke break."
Click here for a large photo of one of the cages.
Amazon is known for being vigilant about making sure its merchandise doesn't leave warehouses with its employees -- or its many subcontracted temp workers, for that matter.
The company's warehouse workers have to go through a lengthy screening process before they can leave to take a break or go home after their shifts. As HuffPost reported, the company's close watch has led to a spate of lawsuits filed by workers arguing that they should be paid for the time it takes to be screened for theft. One such case has been kicked up to the Supreme Court .
According to the Baltimore Business Journal, Amazon sees the cages as a compromise between the company's need for security and the workers' need for occasional fresh air. Litten writes:
Jennings described security at Amazon warehouses as more stringent than airport screenings, saying the company is highly focused on maintaining strict inventory control. But the company also wants its employees to be happy, so it includes features such as the smoking cages in warehouses along with large break rooms, skylights and windows that would otherwise be unnecessary in the sprawling building on Broening Highway in Baltimore.
As Bruce Vail of In These Times reported , the new 1-million-square-foot fulfillment center has been hyped for bringing as many as 1,000 new full-time jobs to a city with an unemployment rate over 9 percent. The city and state put together $43 million in tax incentives to help lure the online retailer to Baltimore.
Amazon's warehouses have seen their share of labor strife, both in the U.S. and abroad. Earlier this week, about 2,000 warehouse workers in Germany went on strike. The German labor union Ver.di is trying to pressure Amazon into classifying the workers as retail employees, which would force Amazon into collective bargaining. The company claims the workers are employed in logistics, not retail.
Have you worked in an Amazon warehouse? Tell us about it .
More:

Small-cap Week  September 27© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35b0566a-45c9-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global banks: innocents abroad© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/81b5e002-4367-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ferguson police officer shot; suspect remains at largeBy Wesley Lowery September 28 Follow @WesleyLowery
A police officer was shot in the arm in strife-torn Ferguson, Mo., while he was responding to a burglary. (Reuters)
As nightly protests continue in Ferguson, Mo., two police officers were fired at Saturday night in separate incidents unrelated to the protests.
According to police, a male Ferguson officer was shot in the arm during a routine patrol stop about 9 p.m.. The officer was conducting a business check at the Ferguson Community Center when he found a man near the back of the building, police said. When the officer got out of his vehicle, the man ran, prompting a foot chase.
“During the foot pursuit, the suspect spun toward the officer armed with a handgun and fired shots at the officer,” the St. Louis County police department said in a statement released by spokesman Brian Schellman. “The officer was struck in his left arm with one round.”
The officer, who was later hospitalized and treated for the injury, returned fire, but as of 9 a.m. Sunday the suspect remained at large.
Hours after the first incident, just after midnight, an off-duty St. Louis City police officer who was driving on the freeway in his personal vehicle came under fire from three men who police say pulled up alongside him.
“The officer’s vehicle was struck numerous times, however it does not appear the officer suffered any gunshot wounds,” Schellman said in the statement. Neither shooting is believed to be related to ongoing protests over the Aug. 9 shooting of unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown, police said.
Initial reports and rumors on the ground following Saturday night’s shooting included speculation that a suspect had been shot and that an officer had been killed, igniting tension and prompting State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson to break up an animated protest taking place outside the police station.
“Tensions are very high right now,” said state Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal, during an interview with MSNBC on Sunday morning. “We’re still in a state of chaos right now in Ferguson.”
The shooting of Brown by white Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson has reignited long-held skepticism toward law enforcement held by many in greater St. Louis and has thrust the country into a renewed dialogue about how minority communities are policed.
While police said neither incident this weekend is believed to be related to the ongoing protests, law enforcement officials have said consistently that their officers have been threatened during the weeks since the shooting. Johnson and Ferguson police chief Tom Jackson have both previously told The Post about instances since Brown’s death that in which their officers have come under gunfire.
On Thursday, Jackson released a four-minute video apology to Brown’s family. That evening, he walked outside to meet with protesters outside the department and attempted to march with them.
Neither action was well-received. In an interview Saturday with The Post, the Brown family said they have not watched the video apology, and Brown’s mother, Lesley McSpadden, described Jackson and the Ferguson police’s handling of the shooting as “incompetent.”
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

In US  PM Modi to Pitch Brand India to Top CEOs TodayYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Has Breakfast with CEOs, Will Dine with Obama
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 19:04 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
In his first engagement of the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is meeting CEOs of 11 top US companies over breakfast. Among those present are Google's Eric Schmidt and PepsiCo's Indira Nooyi.
Among other business leaders at the table are David M. Rubenstein of the Carlyle Group, Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat, Doug Oberhelman of Caterpillar Inc, Michael Ball of US-based global pharmaceutical company Hospira Inc and Kenneth C. Frazier of Merck and Co. (Read: Why PM Modi is meeting global CEOs in US )
Breakfast will be followed by one-on-one meetings of 15 to 20 minutes each with six other CEOs - W. James (Jim) McNerney Jr, chairman of Boeing; Laurence D. Fink, CEO of American multinational investment management firm Black Rock; Ginni Rometty, president and CEO of IBM; Jeffrey R. Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric; Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs, and Henry Kravis, CEO of American private equity fund Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co (KKR).
At all these meetings, the Prime Minister is expected to hard sell India as the best investment destination in Asia. India needs huge investment to drive its manufacturing sector, which is the biggest job creator.
The new Modi government has vowed to increase the share of the manufacturing sector to 25 per cent of the GDP from 15 per cent currently. For this, the sector needs to grow at 10 per cent annually. Hours before he left for the US last week, Prime Minister Modi launched the ambitious "Make in India" campaign, where he promised red carpet treatment for investors minus the red tape that has come to be associated with doing business in India. (Read: US investors warm up to PM Modi, but want quick reforms, tax clarity )
On Sunday, at a packed Madison Square Garden in New York, the Prime Minister repeated that promise and vowed to repeal archaic laws and make investing easier in the country.
PM Modi has had a long experience of negotiating with top business leaders and as Gujarat's Chief Minister, he made the "Vibrant Gujarat" investors summit a successful brand.
Officials said he does not need anyone to help him with business talk and does it with great confidence and elan. On a trip to Japan last month too PM Modi engaged deeply in business talk - placing the needs of investment before CEOs clearly, promising all help, and getting firm answers, officials added.
The "Vibrant Gujarat" biennial event was launched in 2003. It has grown in the last 12 years to emerge as "a global business hub" and has established Gujarat as a major investment destination. Next year's summit, to be held in January, is being billed as the "Davos of the East".
(With agency inputs)
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 17:48 (IST)

Rupee depreciates on high month-end dollar demandForex update: Rupee falls 38 points to log near 7-month low against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 19:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Monday depreciated by 38 paise to log a near 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in local equities ahead of Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review.
Sustained capital outflows also kept the rupee under pressure while some weakness in the dollar overseas, which was trading down by 0.14 per cent against its major global rivals, was not able to stem the rupee fall, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced lower at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.15. The domestic unit immediately touched a high of 61.31 on initial firmness in the domestic equity market.
Later, the rupee fell back sharply to a low of 61.59 before concluding at 61.53, logging a fall of 38 paise (or 0.62 per cent). This is its weakest level since March 5, 2014 when it closed at 61.75.
In its previous session on last Friday, the rupee rose by 19 paise or 0.31 per cent.
Among other Asian currencies also the dollar appreciated. The Japanese yen headed towards the 110-mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday eased by 29.21 points (or 0.11 per cent). Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) had pulled out US $39.95 million last Friday as per data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, "To start the week, rupee depreciated over half a per cent during the day. It tok cues from dollar which is trading strong. Also, the increased month-end dollar demand from oil importers forced rupee to trade low.
Now all eyes are on the RBI policy review on Tuesday which will show the road ahead for the USD/INR pair. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.00 to 62.00."

Lenovo to close $2.1 bn IBM server deal on Oct 1Lenovo to close USD 2.1 bn IBM server deal on October 1
Gerry Shih     Beijing   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 11:47 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Lenovo Group will close its acquisition of International Business Machines (IBM) Corp's x86 server division on October 1 for $2.1 billion.
The deal will give China's biggest personal computer maker a major asset as it expands its offerings for business clients.
The closing purchase price is lower than the $2.3 billion valuation announced in January because of a change in the valuation of inventory and deferred revenue liability, Lenovo said.
(Reuters)

PM Modi woos US lawmakers at Madison Square GardenPM Narendra Modi woos US lawmakers at Madison Square Garden
Lalit K Jha     New York   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 12:13 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi not only won the hearts of NRIs here but also of nearly 40 top lawmakers of the United States who described his words as "inspirational and visionary".
During his speech at the Madison Square Garden , attended by nearly 40 top US lawmakers, the Congressmen immediately connected with Modi when he said he was a small man who reached where he stood "selling tea" but intended to do "big things for small people".
Many described him as "charismatic" figure, while others felt he was "destined to transform the nation".
His views on minimum governance also went quite well with the US lawmakers.
"I see now why the people of India elected him," said Congressman Henry C 'Hank' Johnson from Georgia, adding, "He has got a vision. He has a plan to make it happen."
" Prime Minister Modi just swarmed this place like a rockstar," said Congressman Pete Olson from Texas.
Congressman Ami Bera, the only Indian-American lawmaker in the current US House of Representatives, described the prime minister's speech as inspirational and visionary.
"Today the Indian-American community was celebrating. I look forward to continuing to work together to reinvigorate the US-India relationship," he said.
"It was great to hear his message of peace and friendship at his address to an energised crowd at New York's renowned Madison Square Garden," said Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard.
"Modi's visit marks a significant positive step toward growing the relationship between the US and India, which is a bond based on shared democratic values and a focus on mutual prosperity and security," said Gabbard, who also called on the Prime Minister at his hotel.
The discussion was largely related to her own interest in the country.
Gabbard presented to Modi a Gita, which she said had taken oath when she was sworn in to the US House of Representative.
"Prime Minister Modi's speech at Madison Square Garden was a home-run. He hit all the right themes, highlighted all the right issues, and brought the US-India relationship to a new high," Congresswoman Grace Meng from New York said.
"It was an honour to be on stage at Madison Square Garden, and to be part of this historic and important event. I look forward to working with Prime Minister Modi and his administration to make the bond between India and the US even stronger," Meng said.
Congresswoman Cynthia Lumins from Wyoming, who visited Gujarat in 2013 to meet Modi when he was the Chief Minister, described him as a transformational figure for India.
"I have very few Indian-American constituents, but I came from Wyoming for this event because I am confident that he is a potentially transformative figure for the Indian economy," she said.
"The speech he gave today punctuated that, the fact that he talked about individuals and the ability that they have to do about communities for the good if the country," she said, adding that lawmakers were highly impressed when Modi said that he was a small person and wants to do small things for them.
"He is a person like me who does not see governance as the answer, he sees government getting out of the way and playing a supporting role rather than a command and control role in transforming the country. I as a Republican believe in similar things as well," Lumins said.
(PTI)

Narendra Modi wows Madison Square Gardenpicture  others
Narendra Modi gets Gita as gift from US lawmaker Tulsi Gabbard
Influential lawmaker Tulsi Gabbard, the only Hindu member of the US Congress, met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New York and presented her personal copy of Bhagavad Gita to him, saying it was a gesture to express her love for India. (Source: PTI)
Gabbard, a 33-year-old US Democrat Congresswoman from Hawaii, called on the Prime Minister at his hotel.  She presented to the Prime Minister a copy of Gita, which she had placed in her hand when she took oath while being sworn in to the US House of Representative.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted with a garland by Member of House of Representatives Tulsi Gabbard during a meeting in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
"Gita I gave u I had since child, took shelter of in Mid East war zone duty, took Congressional Oath on," she tweeted after her meeting with Modi. "Today I was very honoured to have the opportunity to meet with Prime Minister Modi, where I presented him with a gift of my personal copy of the Bhagavad Gita," she wrote on her Facebook page. (Source: PTI)
"It is said that the greatest gift you can give someone is that which is of the greatest value to you, because it is a personal sacrifice to give up something which is very dear to you. So my presenting of my personal Bhagavad Gita to the Prime Minister was my way of expressing just how deep my affection and love is for India, for the Prime Minister, and for the people of India who he represents," she added. (Source: PTI)
Gabbard was also present at the Madison Square reception hosted by Indian-Americans for Modi. "It was great to hear his message of peace and friendship at his address to an energised crowd at New York's renowned Madison Square Garden," she said after Modi's address to NRIs.  (Source: PTI)
Visitors to Madison Square Garden make their way through the building to see Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi speak on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Visitors to Madison Square Garden shuffle along in line outside the building to see Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi speak, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Supporters of India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi fill Madison Square Garden before a reception by the Indian community in honor of Modi's visit to the United States on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Dancers with an Indian cultural group perform outside Madison Square Garden in preparation for an appearance by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Traditional Rajasthani dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Artists perform during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Traditional Gujarati dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Singer Kavitha Krishnamurthy performs as a painter makes a portrait of Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (SOurce: PTI)
: Supporters cheer during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
A painter carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves at crowd during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as Prime Minister Narendra Modi prepares to address during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gives a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
Related

Banking on bio-pesticides to reduce crop lossesUpdated: September 29, 2014 11:42 IST
Banking on bio-pesticides to reduce crop losses
B. S. Satish Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu The bio-agents help increase plant growth, yield and enhance shelf-life.
Did you know that fear-struck hi-tech farmers are spraying chemicals to save their crops grown under poly-houses from diseases.
The use of chemicals has increased as farmers are desperate to control nematode, a variety of harmful microbes in the soil which affect the plant root system, and causes losses up to 70 per cent.
This is a cause for concern, farmers have not been able to prevent crop losses despite huge spending on chemical sprays. While the economy of hi-tech farmers is in doldrums, with nearly 60 per cent of the poly house cultivation in the State being hit by nematodes, the environment too is affected by the extent of chemical application. All this makes the consumer ponder over health hazards.
To provide a solution to the woes of farmers, consumers and the environment, the Indian Institute of Horticultural Research (IIHR) has launched a nationwide programme to popularise an eco-friendly method to manage the nematode problem through bio-pesticides developed by its scientists a few years ago.
M.S. Rao, Principal Scientist in the IIHR’s Division of Entomology and Nematology, explains that the method multiples useful microorganisms in the soil to fight nematodes.
According to him, such technologies come at a price which is just about one-third of chemical methods. What is important is that these bio-agents also help increase plant growth and yield, besides enhancing the shelf-life of the produce, Dr. Rao says.
The IIHR is trying to spread awareness on bio-pesticides among innovative farmers in Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and the north-east.
It organised a field day on Saturday to demonstrate the impact of bio-agents as an alternative to chemicals at the plots of two farmers in Agalagurki village of Chickballapur district.
Farmer Ramanjani R. says he was able to reduce chemical application by about 90 per cent (worth around Rs. one lakh an acre) through the use of bio-agents. It also helped increase yield by about 30 per cent. The farmer is relieved that he can make up for losses he suffered last year owing to nematodes.
For more information on bio-pesticides, interested persons may contact Principal Scientist B. Narayanaswamy, Head of Department of Agriculture Technology Information Centre, IIHR, on 080-28446815 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on all working days.

Exchanges need to change mindset: BSE chiefAshish Chauhan
("India is slowly becoming…)
NEW YORK: Calling for radical steps within stock exchange space, leading bourse BSE's chief Ashish Chauhan has said that the players in this business need to change their mindset and shift focus from trading revenues to give a boost to the capital-raising atmosphere.
At the same time, he also expressed optimism that Indian exchanges have a potential to become a major capital-raising avenue and can help attract a significant part of global funds, given the high return potential of Indian markets vis-a-vis losses suffered by investors in Chinese and other markets.
"There is almost $40 trillion worth money which is available in private hands and is in search of good returns and is looking for more safer harbours.
"India is slowly becoming a market which is attractive not only from return perspective but also from the investor protection perspective. That the Indian markets are now becoming top markets in terms of investor protection.
"However, exchanges would need to shift their mindset. We have to participate in India's growth and become a catalyst and growth engine or our economic growth story. We need to shift focus from trading to capital raising," Chauhan said.
"Today, a large portion of the exchanges' revenue come from trading, that is from transaction charges, and we need to focus now more on capital raising," he said.
Chauhan, CEO of Asia's oldest stock exchange which also happens to be the world's largest in terms of number of listed companies, is here to participate in various business meetings and investor roundtables in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's five-day US visit ending tomorrow.
"When Indian stock market automation happened 20 years ago, there was the hope that modern capital markets would bring more domestic investments into Indian markets and the household savings would be channelised into listed companies and those companies would create jobs and take forward our economy.
"But, in last 20 years, we have failed to raise the confidence of Indian investors, especially the retail investors, and because of that their numbers are almost same today," said Chauhan, who also happened to be part of the initial team of BSE's younger rival NSE when it was set up over two decades ago.
BSE's Chief Executive Officer said that although India has made huge strides in making its capital markets more transparent, fair and efficient, "We have somehow not created desired investor confidence because of which they have gone into gold, real estate etc."
"There are two aspects, both for retail and institutional investors. It is about their rights. When an investor invests in a company, the promoters also need to be made accountable for the rights of the minority shareholders."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex reverses initial losses  resists weak Asian cuesMarket update: Sensex ends 29 points lower as interest-sensitive stocks fall
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 17:33 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday fell about 29 points in volatile trade as participants adopted a cautious stance ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday.
Profit-booking and a weakening rupee, which depreciated 47 paise against the dollar to 61.58 intra-day, also weighed on the trading sentiment, stock brokers said.
The 30-share BSE barometer after commencing on a higher note, continued to rise and touched intra-day high of 26,715.77.
However, off-loading of positions by participants and profit-booking in select counters pushed the Sensex back to close at 26,597.11, down 29.21 points (or 0.11 per cent). Intra-day, it had touched the day's low of 26,518.01.
The BSE index gained 157.96 points on Friday after Standard & Poor's (S&P) raised India's outlook to stable from negative.
Amon the 30 Sensex scrips, 21 closed with losses, while nine others ended higher. Interest rate sensitive stocks such as ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, HDFC and Axis Bank edged lower ahead of the RBI policy outcome.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), after moving both ways, ended 9.95 points (or 0.12 per cent) down at 7,958.90. It shuttled between 7,991.75 and 7,934.70 intra-day.
Sentiments turned weak as funds and investors were seen trimming their positions ahead of the monetary policy review by the central bank on Tuesday.
The weakness in rupee against US dollar, helped IT stocks close in the positive zone. Shares of TCS surged 3.17 per cent, Wipro ended 1.18 per cent higher and Infosys gained 1.90 per cent.
Overall trading was tepid in this holiday-shortened week ahead as markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti and Dussehra respectively.
Major losers, which dragged down the indices were Bajaj Auto, Coal India (CIL), Dr Reddy, Hero Moto Corp, Maruti Suzuki, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, Tata Power and Tata Steel.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal sector index suffered the most by plunging 1.11 per cent, followed by FMCG index (0.92 per cent), Banking index (0.91 per cent), Auto index (0.44 per cent), Oil & Gas (0.37 per cent), Realty index (0.25 per cent) and Capital Goods index (0.24 per cent).
Asian stocks ended mixed. European markets were weak in early trade as a measure of euro-area economic confidence declined.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,133.64 crore last Friday.
Barring China and Japan, other Asian markets closed with losses while European stocks too were trading weak in their late morning deals.
Among major losers, Sesa Sterlite was fell most to end 1.65 per cent down, followed by Tata Steel (1.61 per cent), Coal India (1.48 per cent), ITC (1.44 per cent), Bajaj Auto (1.42 per cent), ICICI Bank (1.39 per cent), ONGC (1.13 per cent), Hero MotorCorp (1.12 per cent), Axia Bank (0.90 per cent) and Maruti Suzuki (0.88 per cent).
Other major gainers were Sun Pharma (3.36 per cent), GAIL (2.36 per cent), Hindalco (1.33 per cent), Wipro (1.18 per cent) and BHEL (0.78 per cent).
Among BSE S&P sectoral indices, the Metal index dipped by 1.11 per cent, FMCG by 0.92 per cent, Bankex by 0.91 per cent and Auto by 0.44 per cent, while Healthcare firmed up by 2.21 per cent, IT by 1.81 per cent, Consumer Durables by 1.79 per cent and Teck by 1.50 per cent.
Although the Sensex ended in the red, reflecting rally in second-line stocks, the total market breadth remained positive as 1,855 stocks settled with gains while 1,087 finished with losses.
The BSE Small-cap and BSE Mid-cap indices closed up by 1.49 per cent and 1.01 per cent, outperforming the Sensex.

Super 30 s Anand invited to speak at MIT and...Super 30 founder Anand Kumar invited to speak at MIT and Harvard
29 Sep, 2014, 01.15PM IST
0
Share More
The programme promotes global social justice through their unparallelled and effective leadership of innovative and sustainable education reform worldwide.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Indian mathematician and founder of Super 30, Anand Kumar , has been invited by the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard University to speak on his globally acclaimed effort to mentor students from the underprivileged sections for admission to IIT .
Kumar, who could not study at Cambridge University years ago due to acute financial constraints, will speak at MIT Media Lab , an interdisciplinary research laboratory, on September 30, a media release said.
On October 1, he will speak at the International Education Policy programme of Harvard University.
The programme promotes global social justice through their unparallelled and effective leadership of innovative and sustainable education reform worldwide, the statement said.
Kumar's pioneering Super 30 initiative has captured the attention of global media for successfully mentoring students from underprivileged sections for Indian Institute of Technology (IIT)
"I will talk about how the world can be a better place using inclusive education as a powerful tool to usher in psychological and societal change. What I have done in the last 14 years in the backwaters of my home state Bihar is a small initiative to provide the right opportunity to a bunch of talented and passionate students from the underprivileged sections, but the results have been astonishing," Kumar said.
"It needs to be replicated on a larger scale, as education alone has the power to tackle all the world's problems," he said.

Three IITs develop cement low on carbon contentThree IITs develop cement low on carbon content
By TNN | 29 Sep, 2014, 01.00PM IST
IIT scientists have developed a variety of cement using just 40%-50% clinker and have supplemented it with low-grade calcined clay and low-grade limestone, which researchers say are being wasted.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Buildings in the city may soon be able to reduce their carbon footprint , though by a slim margin, thanks to low-carbon cement or 'LC 3'. Scientists at IIT Delhi, along with IIT Bombay, IIT Madras and an environmental NGO called Development Alternatives (DA), have developed a type of cement that is not just low-cost, but can emit 20% to 30% less carbon than regular cement. For every tonne of cement produced, about 0.82 tonnes of CO2 is emitted.
The most energy-intensive part of cement production is making clinker-grey balls of ground limestone and clay made by heating them at very high temperatures. These are then ground into a fine powder to make cement. CO2 is a byproduct of this process, which is why cement production is a contributor of global warming. Cement usually contains about 70% of clinker and 30% fly ash.
IIT scientists have developed a variety of cement using just 40%-50% clinker and have supplemented it with low-grade calcined clay and low-grade limestone, which researchers say are being wasted. "Calcined clay is essentially China clay waste that is burnt. There are no takers for low-grade limestone in mines. The cement we have developed will have a major impact on India's limestone reserves that are depleting. Since this technology requires less limestone, the reserves will last us longer," said Shashank Bishnoi, assistant professor, department of civil engineering, IIT Delhi.
It took the three IITs over a year to develop the new variety of cement. IIT Delhi began the project in 2013 with DA. The other IITs were roped in this year.
"We found that the new cement is almost as strong as regular cement. The quality has been tested at IIT-D and Development Alternatives' laboratory too. In fact, we have built a two-storied building in Jhansi using the cement," added Bishnoi.
However, it will still take a few years before the cement is made commercially available. It needs a Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) certification and standardization before it can be used on %a large scale. Such standardization often takes up to ten years but industry bodies and scientists are keen that the shift be made within five years.
The project, funded by Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Switzerland, was also done in Switzerland and Cuba. Unlike India, Cuba is planning to convert all old cement plants to this new technology by next year.
"In the next three decades, we can expect even more buildings and infrastructure to be built globally than the entire stock that exists today. No sector of the economy consumes more material than construction and of all the materials used in construction, cement accounts for the largest share of resources extracted from nature. Obviously, any saving can yield a huge benefit for the environment ," said Ashok Khosla, chairman of DA.

Supermarkets and banks lead FTSE lossesSupermarkets and banks lose ground on FTSE
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a3a2a7c-47b8-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba gets approval to establish private bank in ChinaUpdated: September 29, 2014 15:40 IST
Alibaba gets approval to establish private bank in China
PTI
economy, business and finance
Alibaba, through its subsidiary Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co, will hold 30 per cent of share capital of the new bank.
China’s e-commerce giant Alibaba, which completed the world’s largest initial public offering ever in September, 2014, has won approval from authorities here to establish a private bank as it diversify into financial services.
Alibaba, through its subsidiary Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co, will hold 30 per cent of share capital of the new bank, the China Banking Regulatory Commission said.
Having its own commercial bank will afford Alibaba greater control over many of its key services, including online payment and wealth management products.
Alibaba is the latest company outside the financial sphere to win approval to start a bank in China. Beijing hopes private banks will help in its drive to open up the economy to more competition and get private capital to more parts of the economy.
Alibaba completed the biggest initial public offering ever in September by selling USD 25 billion of stock to investors keen to tap into the world’s biggest pool of Internet users.
Shanghai JuneYao Group, the parent of Juneyao Airlines, also received regulatory approval to set up its own bank and will own a 30 per cent stake, according to the regulator.
The CBRC made public in March to create five privately owned banks focused on smaller businesses that have limited access to credit.
On July 25, the CBRC approved the establishment of three private banks, including Webank, funded by Chinese Internet giant Tencent.
Currently, China has only one private bank in service, China Minsheng Bank, which was founded in 1996 in Beijing.
Minsheng, listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong, is the country’s first national bank founded by private capital.

Of all natural calamities  floods are the deadliest for IndiaFloods have been the most damaging of all natural disasters in India.(AP Photo/Biswaranjan Rout)
SHARE
Saptarishi Dutta @saptarishidutta
September 29, 2014
Natural disasters strike India routinely—earthquakes, tropical storms, cyclones and heat waves. But floods have, by far,  been the most damaging  of all the natural calamities in the last 10 years, data from the International Disaster Database shows.
This year, floods killed hundreds and left thousands homeless in India—all within a month. First, it was the deluge in Kashmir that killed at least 215 people and now, incessant rains in the northeastern states of Assam and Meghalaya have claimed about 85 lives already.
In the last decade, such floods have become the most deadly of natural disasters, with their death toll far outstripping the number of people killed due to earthquakes or extreme temperatures. For this analysis, we considered the worst ten natural disasters in each of the following categories, provided by the International Disaster Database. The database only registers those disasters in which at least 10 or more people are killed or at least 100 people are affected or it is declared a state emergency and international assistance is sought.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Floods in Kashmir caused massive devastation to infrastructure, damaging roads, bridges, schools and government buildings. The total cost of the damage is estimated to be around Rs 5000 crore ($ 977 million).
Omar Abdullah, the state’s chief minister, called it the worst floods in a century, as  300,000 of military personnel  were deployed to carry out relief and rescue efforts. The rebuilding process, too, will require much assistance because of the sheer scale of the disaster.
Typically, floods in India have caused the most widespread damage, impacting people far greater than other natural disasters.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Floods have caused the most economic damage in India, substantially higher than any other natural disaster, amounting to $15 billion since 2005.
Share
Tap image to zoom
In India, such flood-related damage is partly due to  faulty town planning , poor drainage and waste disposal systems. Moreover, the impact of climate change, particularly in mountainous regions, increases the threat of floods.
“The noticeable impacts of climate change include the rapid melting of many glaciers leading to immediate risks of glacial lake outburst floods with implications for downstream communities and infrastructures and the increase of irregular rainfall patterns with a higher frequency of floods and droughts,” according to the  International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development .
Globally, economic damage due to natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes and drought has totaled about  $25 trillion  since 2000.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Why Dubais soaring property prices arent in bubble territoryyetRenting a home in Dubai is now just as expensive as New York.(Reuters/Caren Firouz)
SHARE
Zainab Mudallal @Zainab_Mudallal
September 29, 2014
Dubai has come a long way. Once a nearly empty desert, it is now an urban metropolis with towering skyscrapers, islands shaped like palm trees, and a bustling expat population drawn to its luxurious beaches. And now the city is gearing up  to host the 2020 World Expo , a global gathering expected to draw millions of visitors.
As a result of the Expo , and Dubai’s propensity for outlandish real estate development , the construction sector is booming and home prices are soaring. That is raising the specter of a new real estate bubble, just a few years after a crash that saw house prices plunge by 50%  and forced the debt-ridden emirate to seek a bailout from neighboring Abu Dhabi.
Many middle- and low-income expats are being forced to move to the city’s outskirts , or even farther afield, thanks to surging prices. A one-bedroom apartment in Dubai now costs 7,500 to 17,000 dirhams ($2,040 to $3,540) per month to rent, compared with a range of $1,990 to $3,240 in New York. The median sale price for a one-bedroom place in Dubai is also about the same as New York, at around $517,360, or 1.9 million dirhams.
Real estate firm Knight Frank says that Dubai’s residential property prices rose by 27.7%  (pdf) in the year to March 2014, making it the fastest-growing housing market in the world by far:
Share
Tap image to zoom
However, the market has cooled slightly from  the 34.8% surge  (pdf) between 2012 to 2013. Some areas saw rents increase by as much as 11% in the latest quarter, but overall the city saw an average 1% drop in property prices after 10 quarters of consecutive gains, according to the CBRE group .
The debate over whether Dubai is experiencing yet another housing boom-and-bust was at the forefront of Cityscape Global, the city’s annual property showcase that took place last week. The general consensus  at the event was that the market has shown signs of maturing since the last bubble, due in part to interventions such as  a mortgage cap . But there is little doubt that the city-state has become an international real estate investor magnet , pushing prices toward bubble territory. 
The Arab Spring has brought in more buyers—people who fled the turmoil in their home countries in search of a new home or just a safer place to park their money. This has led to a sharp increase in regional buyers flooding the city with cash, which makes up approximately 70% of Dubai’s real estate transactions  and aren’t affected by rules limiting bank loans.
The International Monetary Fund has called for stronger anti-bubble measures, citing Singapore and and Hong Kong as markets to follow. Masood Ahmed, director of the IMF’s Middle East and Central Asia department, told Reuters  that Dubai should look to Hong Kong’s 15% fee on properties that are re-sold within six months and Singapore’s 30% fee on properties flipped after less than year. Dubai recently imposed a property registration fee, but it is now just 4%, up from 2% previously.
The UAE’s central bank has acknowledged the risks of another property bubble in Dubai, but it says that credit growth isn’t as troubling as it was preceding the previous boom. Still, signs of a more cautious approach from local property developers are hard to see—Dubai recently announced that it plans to spend about $7 billion building the world’s biggest mall, unseating the current record holder, which also happens to be in Dubai.
Share this:

Vadodara tense after fresh clashes; 40 arrestedAt least 40 arrested after religious clashes in Gujarat
Reuters –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014
View Photo
Motorcycles burn after they were set on fire by a mob during a clash in Vadodara, …
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Authorities in Gujarat arrested at least 40 people after late-night clashes between Hindus and Muslims in Vadodara and suspended mobile phone Internet and bulk text messaging services for four days, officials said on Sunday.
Crowds from the two religious communities pelted each other with stones and set several vehicles alight until police dispersed them using tear gas on Saturday evening after days of tensions in the city, police told Reuters.
Gujarat is the home state of Hindu nationalist Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is currently in the United States and is scheduled to meet President Barack Obama.
The state has a majority Hindu population and a history of religious conflict. At least 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, died in Gujarat in 2002 in violence between Hindus and Muslims. Modi was chief minister of the state at the time.
The Hindustan Times newspaper reported this week that the trouble in Vadodara started with a posting on Facebook that some Muslims deemed offensive.
Police in the city said mobile phone text messages and other social media had been used to spread messages about rioting and to inflame religious tensions.
The four-day suspension of the mobile Internet, bulk text messaging and MMS services began on Saturday, a crime branch official in Vadodara told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
Residents in the city confirmed to Reuters that services were disrupted.
Emboldened by Modi's emphatic election victory in May, Hindu hardliners have been agitating in parts of India against religious minorities.
A prominent right-wing Hindu group on Thursday warned Muslims and Christians against taking part in the Hindu Navratri festival as before.
"We have made 40 arrests since last night and will make more to quell the rioting," S K Nanda, Gujarat's home secretary, said.
The police did not provide the number of injured in the clashes.
On Sunday, the streets of Vadodara were calm but the authorities remained on alert.
"Not many people are out due to fear of recurrence of violence," said a senior state government official, who did not wish to be identified. "We are keeping a close eye on the situation."
For long Modi was denied a visa by the United States over allegations of religious intolerance stemming from Gujarat riots in 2002. Critics have accused Modi of allowing the riots to happen, but courts have found no evidence to indict him.
The state has largely been peaceful since then.
(Reporting by Aditya Kalra; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky)
Recommend

Frost & Sullivan Publishes New Executive Brief on Population HealthFrost & Sullivan Publishes New Executive Brief on Population Health
Head of Equity ICICI SecuritiesHead of Equity
ICICI Securities
Jaideep Goswami is a Head of Equity at ICICI Securities. He completed PGDM, Finance, General from Indian Institute of Management,Calcutta during 1992 -1994.
ABOUT Jaideep Goswami
Jaideep Goswami is a Head of Equity at ICICI Securities. He completed PGDM, Finance, General from Indian Institute of Management,Calcutta during 1992 -1994.

Yes Bank offer to ATM usersYes Bank offer to ATM users
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept. 29:  
Yes Bank, India’s fourth largest private sector bank, will offer discounts and deals at their ATMs to all customers.
“To avail this delightful offer, one has to simply walk into any Yes Bank ATM across the country, withdraw cash or transfer funds, and choose any one of the great offers across categories such as books, entertainment, clothing, food & beverages, gifting, kids, lifestyle and online shopping. This facility is available for all Yes Bank accountholders on cash withdrawal and funds transfer transactions, while non-Yes Bank accountholders can use only for cash withdrawal,” Yes Bank said in a statement.
Recently, the mid-sized bank also introduced a new facility for non- Yes Bank accountholders to request their account statement or request for a cheque book at a Yes Bank ATM. This facility is currently availed to accountholders of Saraswat Cooperative Bank using the NPCI Network (National Payments Corporation of India) and will soon be offered to accountholders of other banks also, it said.
At present, Yes Bank has more than 1,150 ATMs spread across the country. The Bank offers differentiated facilities and benefits on ATMs such as unlimited free cash withdrawals, booking of Fixed Deposits and DTH/Mobile recharge facility, Card to Card Transfer.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

OnMobile Global signs pact with Tata TeleOnMobile Global signs pact with Tata Tele
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 29:  
OnMobile Global has signed an agreement with Tata Teleservices, making it the exclusive Caller Ring Back Tone partner (CRBT) for the company.
As part of this agreement, OnMobile will centrally manage Tata's Content Management Systems across the Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) and Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM), according to a company statement.
This deal will enable Tata Teleservices to improve operational efficiency, reduce turnaround time and provide a superior user experience to all its subscribers, the statement added.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

NTPC secures term loan facility of $250 mHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NTPC secures term loan facility of $250 m
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 29:  
NTPC Ltd said on Monday that the company has concluded a term loan facility of $250 million arranged by Mizuho Bank’s Singapore branch.
The loan carries a floating rate of interest linked to LIBOR and has maturity of seven years, the company said in a statement.
The proceeds of the facility will be utilized to finance capital expenditure on the company’s ongoing and new projects and renovation and modernization of stations.
NTPC has an installed capacity of 43,128 MW and has currently projects with a total capacity of 23,854 MW under construction.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

UST Global  BlackBerrybring mobile app on healthcareUST Global, BlackBerry bring mobile app on healthcare
VINSON KURIAN
Tweet
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, SEPT 29:  
UST Global has unveiled an advanced telemedicine application that offers distant rural communities access to medical specialists over a mobile phone.
The application was conceptualised by Pavan Kumar, Head of Department of Cardiovascular Surgery and Telemedicine Centre, Nanavati Super Specialty Hospital, Mumbai, in collaboration with BlackBerry India.
REPLACING DESKTOP
According to Pavan Kumar, the app would replace desktop telemedicine solutions to mobile devices, giving rural people the power to consult specialists when they need it.
‘Telemedicine for mobile devices’ is a BlackBerry10-based application that enables clinical staff to provide clinical healthcare at remote locations.
Here, the remote clinical staff records the patients’ demographics, vital signs, illness details and preliminary diagnosis information and uploads existing medical reports.
The assigned doctor reviews the patient details and performs consultations remotely using a video session launched through BlackBerry Messenger.
OTHER PLATFORMS
He provides the final opinion and uploads the prescription via the application. The remote clinical staff downloads and hands over a printed copy of the prescription to the patient.
The application offers enhanced security using BlackBerry Enterprise Service10, a UST Global spokesman said.
The company plans to make the application available on other mobile platforms and integrate with various medical devices to allow the doctor to perform real-time diagnostics of the patient, added.
More advanced features like integration with Google Glass are also planned for future release.
According to Gilroy Mathew, General Manager-Asia, UST Global, the app addresses two major challenges – access to qualified doctors and affordable treatment without the need for patients to travel to cities.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Satya Nadella visits Microsofts facility in HyderabadSatya Nadella visits Microsoft’s facility in Hyderabad
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 29:  
Software giant Microsoft’s Chief Executive Satya Nadella today visited the company’s office here and addressed employees.
Nadella visited this morning the India Development Centre (IDC), the biggest campus outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US, and shared his vision for the company during his address, a Microsoft official said.
There was, however, no official details of the visit.
This is Nadella’s first visit to the city after he assumed the top job at Microsoft.
The Hyderabad-born Nadella reportedly met Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao here yesterday though no official communication was given to the media on the meeting by either side.
Nadella spoke to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu over phone yesterday, sources in the AP government said.
Naidu was away in Visakhapatnam today to inaugurate an IT and start-up incubation centre in the port city to give a push to IT in Andhra Pradesh post formation of separate Telangana.
Both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana governments are said to be keen on taking the help of Nadella for promotion of IT.
Nadella, son of retired IAS officer B N Yungandhar, is an alumnus of Hyderabad Public School.
The Microsoft CEO is scheduled to participate in a NASSCOM event this week in Delhi.
However, there was no immediate response to an email sent to a spokesperson of Microsoft for details of Nadella’s visit to MSIDC.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

India s Arun Jaitley in isolation ward  may skip U.S. tripE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Government cancels SEZs of Hindalco  Essar  AdaniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ford recalls 8 50 000 cars for air bag problemE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

More than half of US unlikely to do business in India:StudyPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:52 pm
More than half of executives in the US are less likely to do business in India because of infrastructure issues, according to a new study.
The study was conducted by APCO, a global communication, stakeholder engagement and business strategy firm, in close association with the Alliance for US India Business (AUSIB).
The study found that IT highlights the fact that leaders in both nations wish to evolve from diplomatic stand-still and breed friendly ties with each other motivated by the economic benefits and political stability.
Noting that business Executives in both countries see huge opportunities as far as economic growth is concerned, the survey said most US executives see India as top destination for investment and 70 per cent US traders acknowledge that the economic relations are headed in right direction.
Ninety five per cent of Indian executives want India to focus on infrastructure.
“52 per cent investors from the US don’t invest in India only because of poor infrastructure facilities. Both nations rank first as Investment destination,” the report said.
The study pointed relationship health checker against the negative pointers that can hamper the evolution of trade.
“Major concerns are Visa restrictions, Chinese grip on market and Outsourcing challenges. Executives are willing to settle in the other country if stability is provided in the long-run based on ethical backing and lower tariffs and taxation,” the report added.

US-led airstrikes hit four SyrianprovincesPress Trust of India | Beirut | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:51 pm
US-led coalition warplanes bombed Islamic State group positions overnight across four provinces in northern and eastern Syria, hitting a grain silo as well as the country’s largest gas plant, activists said on Monday.
Washington and its Arab allies opened their air assault against the extremist group last week, going after its military facilities, training camps, heavy weapons and oil installations. The campaign expands upon the airstrikes the United States has been conducting against the militants in Iraq since early August.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said coalition forces hit Islamic State group facilities overnight in Aleppo, Raqqa, Hassakeh and Deir el-Zour provinces. It said there were casualties, but that it did not have concrete figures. Among the facilities hit was the entrance to Syria’s largest gas plant, Conoco in Deir el-Zour province, and grain silo in the extremist-held town of Manbij in Aleppo
province.
It said the gas facility itself was not damaged. Another activist group, the Aleppo Media Center, also reported the strike on the grain silo in Manbij, northeast of Aleppo city. It said the attack ignited a fire at the facility. There was no immediate confirmation from the US or its
allies on the reported air raids.
More strikes this morning hit the town of Tel Abyad on the Syria-Turkey border, according to a resident on the Turkish side on the frontier. Mehmet Ozer told The Associated Press by telephone that the raids hit an abandoned military base and an empty school, sending pillars of smoke and dust into the air. He said Islamic State fighters cleared out of the military about three or four months ago.

India s software technology exports rising 8 to 10 percent yearlyUpdated: September 29, 2014 17:16 IST
India's software technology exports rising 8 to 10 per cent yearly
IANS
economy, business and finance
STPI Director Prabir Das said the overall exports increased from Rs. 226,712 crore in 2011-12 to Rs. 251,498 crore in 2012-13 and the overseas trade further increased to Rs.275, 000 in the 2013-14.
India’s exports from the Software Technology Parks (STP) across India are rising at a pace of 8 to 10 percent annually and would further increase in the upcoming years as the industry spreads across the country, a senior sector official said.
“There are huge software technology markets across the world and India’s export prospect from the sector is extremely vivid,” Software Technology Park of India (STPI) director Prabir Kumar Das told IANS.
“Currently India’s yearly export growth from the software technology is 8 to 10 percent. After setting of under construction STPs in different states of the country, the export growth would be at much higher speed.”
Das said the overall exports increased from Rs. 226,712 crore in 2011-12 to Rs. 251,498 crore in 2012-13 and the overseas trade further increased to Rs.275, 000 in the 2013-14.
Karnataka, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Kerala, Odisha and Delhi are the leading ten states in India in software export.
The STPI, an autonomous society of the union ministry of communications and information technology, was set up in 1991 to implement the STP scheme and to promote software exports by providing infrastructure facilities including high speed data communication (HSDC) links.
It has so far set up STPs in 53 centres across India. STPs are being set up or already commissioned in six states- Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Mizoram and Tripura- of the eight northeastern states. They will be set up in Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland and preliminary works for the purpose are on.
The STPIs has been providing statutory and other promotional services to the exporters by implementing STP and electronics and hardware technology parks (EHTP) schemes.
Noting the global IT market was constantly growing, Das said that India cannot remain at the rear.
“IT is now not only the common men’s tools, but it also boosting a lot to crores of micro, small and medium enterprises besides the big industries,” he added.
He said following the taming of the decades-old terrorism in the northeastern states, the STPs in the region would join the country’s leading states in software technology exports.
“Supported by the STPI, the STPs in the northeastern region would also play an important role in solving the educated unemployment problem of the region,” he said, noting that in Tripura alone, more than 300 B-Tech and M-Tech students in computer science and engineering are passing out from different institutions and around 1,000 students are undergoing different IT courses.
According to an official document, STP scheme, which is a 100 percent export-oriented plan, has attracted many entrepreneurs in the area of software and services. Until March this year, over 5,000 units were operative out of which 4,200 units have exported software.
Das had signed an MOU with the Tripura information technology department Sep 25 to set up a STP in Agartala at a cost of Rs.43 crore.
“The under commission STP in Tripura would further boost the information technology industries in the industry-starved northeastern region,” said Tripura Industrial Development Corporation (TIDC) chairman Jitendra Chaudhury.
The TIDC is the nodal body of the STP while Hyderabad-based Avon Technologies India Private limited is the consultant and Mumbai-based D.K. Infrastructure Private Limited is executing the project.
“The STPI has prepared the detailed project report and would provide the entire fund of Rs.43 crore for the STP,” said Chaudhury, adding it would provide all sorts of facilities for the growth of IT industries in the northeastern region for the purpose of socio-economic development.
“The STP would help the authorities to reach out to citizens with more efficient and productive government services,” he said adding that it would serve as an important tool to create maximum job opportunities as well as absorbing a large portion of the educated unemployed.

ICVL Steels: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICVL Steels: Outcome of AGM
ICVL Steels Ltd has informed BSE that the 3rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICVL Steels: Outcome of AGM
ICVL Steels Ltd has informed BSE that the 3rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
ICVL Steels Ltd has informed BSE that the 3rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Savani Financials: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Savani Financials: Outcome of AGM
Savani Financials Ltd has informed BSE that the 13th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Savani Financials: Outcome of AGM
Savani Financials Ltd has informed BSE that the 13th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Savani Financials Ltd has informed BSE that the 13th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Cenlub Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cenlub Industries: Outcome of AGM
Cenlub Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cenlub Industries: Outcome of AGM
Cenlub Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Cenlub Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BlackBerry Passport aimed mainly at enterprise users: Sunil Lalvani  MD  BlackBerry IndiaBlackBerry Passport aimed mainly at enterprise users: Sunil Lalvani  MD  BlackBerry India
If you applause at the wrong time at a Symphony Orchestra of India concert  they won t be upset with youWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
If you applaud at the wrong time at a Symphony Orchestra of India concert, they won't be upset with you
The Symphony Orchestra of India in rehearsal [Prasad Gori for Forbes India]  Earlier this month, my colleague Kathakali Chanda and I were waiting to chat with Zane Dalal, the resident conductor of the Symphony Orchestra of India. While we waited, we ...

Hong Kong Banks Hit by Protests -- 2nd UpdateHong Kong Banks Hit by Protests -- 2nd Update
Strides  Shasun announce merger; to create Rs 2 500 cr entityStrides  Shasun announce merger; to create Rs 2 500 cr entity
Sasken Communication gains ahead of board meet for special dividendSasken Communication gains ahead of board meet for special dividend
Key indices register small losses after seeing high volatility in late tradeKey indices register small losses after seeing high volatility in late trade
Mahindra launches all new global scooter GUSTOMahindra launches all new global scooter GUSTO
Pearl Polymers: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 04.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pearl Polymers: Outcome of AGM
PEARL Polymers Ltd has informed BSE that the 43rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pearl Polymers: Outcome of AGM
PEARL Polymers Ltd has informed BSE that the 43rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
PEARL Polymers Ltd has informed BSE that the 43rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

HSIL: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 04.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HSIL: Outcome of AGM
HSIL Ltd has informed BSE that the 54th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HSIL: Outcome of AGM
HSIL Ltd has informed BSE that the 54th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
HSIL Ltd has informed BSE that the 54th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sharp Investments: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 04.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sharp Investments: Outcome of AGM
Sharp Investments Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sharp Investments: Outcome of AGM
Sharp Investments Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sharp Investments Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Phones 4U collapse chills junk marketPhones 4U collapse chills ‘junk’ market
By Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc34d528-47b4-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Millennials Avoid Plastic Like the Plaguemillennials avoid plastic like the plague
Two Women Find Dream Jobs After Leaving Successful Careerstwo women find dream jobs after leaving successful careers
More Proof Obamacare Is Workingreddit
Obamacare is dramatically boosting health insurance among Latinos, a group that has historically suffered the highest uninsurance rate in the U.S.
The uninsured rate among Latinos aged 19 to 64 fell from 36 percent to 23 percent after Obamacare's first enrollment period ended earlier this year, according to a new report from the Commonwealth Fund. That's a bigger drop than in the U.S. overall, where uninsured rates fell from 20 percent to 15 percent.
The survey, which compared uninsured rates in the summer of 2013 to rates in the spring of 2014, found significant drops among young Latinos, aged 19 to 34, and low-income Latinos, or those earning 138 percent of the federal poverty level (about $32,499 for a family of four).
These numbers are more proof that the Obama Administration's targeted efforts to get Latinos and blacks to sign up for insurance under the Affordable Care Act are working, despite a messy rollout .
But not all the data are so encouraging: In Florida and Texas, two states with huge Latino populations that could most benefit from Obamacare's expanded access to Medicaid, the law's effects are being stymied by the GOP's refusal to expand coverage.
In fact, 20 million Latinos live in states that refused to expand Medicaid under the law. In these states, the uninsured rate of 33 percent barely changed, according to the Commonwealth study. In comparison, the uninsured rate for Latinos living in the states that did expand Medicaid coverage saw the uninsured rate fall to 17 percent from 35 percent.
This trend mirrors what's plaguing poor communities in states that didn't expand Medicaid, where uninsured rates have barely fallen .
"To achieve the law’s goal of near-universal coverage, it will be necessary for all states to expand Medicaid," the Commonwealth report says.
More:

CBI lodges FIR against 2 companiesUpdated: September 28, 2014 03:23 IST
CBI lodges FIR against 2 companies
Special Correspondent
Bringing more companies within the ambit of the ongoing probe relating to companies who have raised money from the market under collective investment schemes, the CBI on Saturday lodged a first information report against MPS Greenery and Akashdeep Projects Ltd .
The charges against the companies involve criminal breach of trust, cheating and criminal conspiracy.
“The CBI has registered cases against MPS Greenery and Akashdeep Projects Ltd. Cases have been registered against the managing director and directors of these companies on the allegation of criminal breach of trust, cheating, criminal conspiracy and abetment,” a spokesperson of the central investigating agency said. According to the official, this is the first set of FIRs against companies other than Saradha group in West Bengal and more such FIRs will be registered in future, the official said.
The developments come at a time when MPS Group chairman Pramatha Nath Manna and director Prabir Kumar Chanda have been arrested.

Nalco to Give 30% Dividend for FY 14MCX to Offer 1.72 Lakh Stock Options to Employees
Bhubaneswar: Public sector aluminium giant Nalco has approved a total dividend payout of 30 per cent amounting to Rs 387 crore for 2013-14.
The dividend was approved at the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Navaratna PSU held here yesterday, Nalco chairman-cum-managing mirector Ansuman Das said.
The shareholders of National Aluminium Company Ltd approved a total dividend payout of 30 per cent, which worked out to Rs 1.50 per share, he said.
The total pay-out was Rs 387 crore for 2013-14, the CMD said, adding that since its inception, Nalco had paid a total of Rs 4,906 crore as dividend, including Rs 4,234 crore as share of Government of India.
Mr Das said after 33 years of operations, the company is now focusing to move forward through further expansions, diversifications, and thereby enhance sustainability coupled with stakeholders' satisfaction.
Peripheral Development and environment protection has been given additional thrust, he said.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:45 (IST)

Modi to meet Netanyahu; marks shift in Indian policyNEW YORK, September 28, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 02:24 IST
Modi to meet Netanyahu; marks shift in Indian policy
Suhasini Haidar
Reuters Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday marking a distinct shift in India’s position on the West Asian conflict.
TOPICS
summit
During the meeting, the two Prime Ministers will speak about improving bilateral ties and a range of issues from cooperation in agriculture to cooperation on anti-terror technology
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday marking a distinct shift in India’s position on the West Asian conflict. As The Hindu had reported a week ago, the meeting was kept under wraps till the last minute, but officials had been trying to schedule it for a few weeks.
According to sources, Mr. Netanyahu was unable to leave Tel Aviv until Sunday owing to the religious holidays of Rosh Hoshanah and Yom Kippur, and that had cast a doubt on the schedule of the meeting. Speaking to agency PTI after the announcement, an Israeli government official said “We attach immense importance to our ties with India and see this meeting as very important.” On October 1st, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj will also meet her Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman.
During the meeting, the two Prime Ministers will speak about improving bilateral ties and bilateral trade at about $6 billion, on a range of issues from cooperation in agriculture to cooperation on anti-terror technology. Israel is one of a handful of countries that Mr. Modi visited as Chief Minister of Gujarat, and according to a senior BJP official, “the meeting will solidify the relations the BJPs leadership has always had right from our support for the recognition of Israel in 1992.” Mr. Netanyahu has invited Mr. Modi to visit Israel soon, and if Mr. Modi goes he will be the first Indian Prime Minister to do so.
There are other factors that denote the shift in India’s position. To begin with, the Prime Minister will be meeting Mr. Netanyahu, but has not met with Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas who was here in New York at the same time. In the past few years, India has taken a more nuanced position on the Palestinian-Israel conflict, away from its pro-Palestine stance of the past. While India voted against Israel at the UN Human Right Council this year during the recent conflict in Gaza where more than 2,200 people were killed, for example, the government refused to condemn Israel’s actions in its statement.
Mr. Modi’s speech at the UN also saw a departure from the past years, when the Indian speech regularly made references to the “Palestinian struggle” in the past. Even in 2013, after the Indian shift in public statements, the former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had made a reference to the Palestinian claim on east Jerusalem as capital.

Britain falls out of love with chicken tikka masalaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Standard Poor s outlook upgrade reflects our inherent strengths: SBIE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Neil deGrasse Tyson admits he botched Bush quoteBy Jonathan H. Adler September 27
In his speeches, Neil deGrasse Tyson often recounts statements made by President Bush in the wake of 9/11.  As I noted here, Sean Davis of The Federalist has made a fairly compelling cas e that Tyson’s account is wrong in almost every way. Bush did not say those precise words, did not make any such comments in the wake of 9/11, and did not make them so as to distinguish Muslims from the rest of us (“they” from “we”).
Tyson initially failed to comment on the allegations, but his acolytes sought to dismiss the charges ( even on Wikipedia ). Now, however, it seems clear that Davis was right all along.
Last night, Tyson responded to e-mailed inquiries from Davis in a post  on  his Facebook page .  On many of the issues Davis raised, Tyson essentially claims that the precise details of his stories don’t matter, because he’s making broader points.  I’d accept this response from many folks, but from a self-professed man of science, it’s a bit disconcerting.
On the Bush quote, Tyson decided to dig a bit further before confessing error.  Initially he insisted his account was correct and was based upon his own memory:
I have explicit memory of those words being spoken by the President. I reacted on the spot, making note for possible later reference in my public discourse. Odd that nobody seems to be able to find the quote anywhere — surely every word publicly uttered by a President gets logged.
FYI: There are two kinds of failures of memory. One is remembering that which has never happened and the other is forgetting that which did. In my case, from life experience, I’m vastly more likely to forget an incident than to remember an incident that never happened. So I assure you, the quote is there somewhere. When you find it, tell me. Then I can offer it to others who have taken as much time as you to explore these things.
One of our mantras in science is that the absence of evidence is not the same as evidence of absence.
So, to be clear, Tyson insisted that he was correct in his account of what Bush said and the context in which Bush said it.  Given all of the scientific research on the fallibility of human memory, I would have thought Tyson would be a bit more circumspect here, but so be it.
Then, in a further  response to comments  posted today, Tyson confessed that he must have made an error after all.  Responding to several posters who had noted somewhat similar remarks Bush made in 2003 after the Columbia space shuttle disaster, Tyson wrote the following.
Good to see that the Bush quote was found. Thanks to all who did the searching. I transposed one disaster with another (both occurring within 18 months of one another) in my assigning his quote. Perhaps that’s a measure of how upset I was in both cases. The mind is surely the next mysterious universe to be plumbed.
What is really so “mysterious” is why Tyson finds it so difficult to confess error and pretends that Bush’s 2003 remarks were only just-now discovered.  As noted in my prior post on this controversy, Sean Davis had pointed to this quote as a potential source  from the beginning .  Yet if this is the source of the quote, then nearly everything else Tyson claimed about it and its significance is false (as is the account of the quote’s provenance he gave last night).
Tyson claims to be a man of science who follows the evidence where it leads. The evidence here clearly shows Tyson screwed up.  Whether knowingly or not, he regularly repeated a false account in order to cast aspersions on another public figure. The only proper thing to do is recant and apologize.  That is what a person of integrity does.
P.S. I am sure some of Tyson’s political adversaries would like to use this episode as a basis for attacking climate science or evolution. No dice. It does not work that way.  That Tyson told tall tales here tells us nothing about these other matters.  And, for what it’s worth, Tyson is basically correct on these other matters anyway.
UPDATE: On Sunday morning, Tyson tweeted that he plans to make some sort of apology once he finds “a good medium & occasion.”
SECOND UPDATE: “My bad,” commented Tyson in a new post to his Facebook page .  No word whether this is the planned apology mentioned earlier.  As of October 2, however, there is no mention of the error accompanying the relevant video  on the Hayden Planetarium site.  More from Sean Davis here .
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters defy tear gasA student protester is overcome by pepper spray from riot police as thousands of protesters surround the government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: September 29, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 11:50 am
Pro-democracy protesters , some wearing surgical masks and holding up umbrellas to protect against tear gas, expanded their rallies throughout Hong Kong on Monday, defying calls to disperse in a major pushback against Beijing’s decision to limit democratic reforms in the Asian financial hub.
Police officers tried to negotiate with protesters camped out on a normally busy highway near the Hong Kong government headquarters that was the scene of tear gas-fueled clashes that erupted the evening before.
READ: Hong Kong activists start bigger protest amid standoff
An officer with a bullhorn tried to get them to clear the way for the commuters. A protester, using the group’s own speaker system, responded by saying that they wanted Hong Kong’s Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying to demand a genuine choice for the territory’s voters.
“Do something good for Hong Kong. We want real democracy!” he shouted.
China has called the protests illegal and endorsed the Hong Kong government’s crackdown. The clashes — images of which have been beamed around the world — are undermining Hong Kong’s image as a safe financial haven, and raised the stakes of the face-off against President Xi Jinping’s government.

New Afghan president sworn in after disputed...New Afghan president Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai sworn in after disputed vote
AP Sep 29, 2014, 12.24PM IST
Tags:
Abdullah Abdullah
(Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai was…)
KABUL, AFGHANISTAN: Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai was sworn in Monday as Afghanistan's new president, replacing Hamid Karzai in the country's first democratic transfer of power since the 2001 US-led invasion toppled the Taliban.
Ghani Ahmadzai became president of Afghanistan in a peaceful transition after a six-month election season that ended with marathon negotiations that gave the newly created position of chief executive to his challenger Abdullah Abdullah .
Ghani Ahmadzai entered the presidential palace wearing a dark black turban popular in the country's south. His electoral challenger Abdullah, who is slated to fill the newly created position of chief executive, sat two seats away, with Karzai anchoring the spot in between.
Karzai, the only president Afghans and the West has known since the invasion, wore a wide smile as he greeted his presidential guards upon entering the palace. Karzai has said he is glad to be stepping down after more than a decade of what the US ambassador recently said was one of the most difficult jobs in the world.
The inauguration caps a nearly six-month election season that began when ballots were first cast in April. A runoff election in June between Ghani Ahmadzai and Abdullah stretched on for weeks as both sides leveled charges of fraud. The United Nations helped carry out what it said was the most thorough recount in its history, a count that reduced Ghani Ahmadzai's vote per centage from 56 per cent to 55 per cent, but still gave him the win.
But the real power struggle was taking place in marathon talks between the two sides, often brokered by US Secretary of State John Kerry and other US officials. The political deal the sides agreed to created the new position of chief executive that Abdullah will now fill.
US officials have said they expect Ghani Ahmadzai to sign a security agreement with the US shortly after his inauguration to allow about 10,000 American troops to stay in the country after the international combat mission ends on December 31.
Meanwhile, violence continued Monday in Afghanistan. In the eastern province of Paktia, Captain Mohammed Hekhlas said that a car bomb exploded near a government compound as gunmen attacked, sparking a gun battle that killed seven Taliban militants. Another police official, who gave his name as Azimullah, said four police officers and two civilians also were killed.
In Kabul , where the city is readying for the presidential inauguration, a roadside bomb exploded on the airport road. Officials said no one was hurt or killed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella visits IDC in HyderabadMicrosoft CEO Satya Nadella visits India Development Centre in Hyderabad
IANS     Hyderabad   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 13:43 IST
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella (Photo: Reuters)
Microsoft Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Satya Nadella on Monday addressed the employees at the company's India Development Centre (IDC) in Hyderabad.
Nadella, who is on a hush-hush visit to the city, shared his vision during the address at IDC, the biggest campus of the software giant outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US.
A company official told IANS that the CEO visited the IDC campus located at Gachibowli in the morning.
Nadella later held a closed-door meeting with the top officials of the company at IDC, set up here in 1998.
There was no official word about Nadella's other engagements in the city. He is likely to leave for New Delhi later in the day and attend a few programmes in the national capital Tuesday before returning to the US.
For Hyderabad-born Nadella, this is his first visit to India after taking over as the CEO.
He arrived in the city Sunday and met Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao. The visit was kept a closely guarded secret and the media was not informed.
There was no official statement about the meeting. Even pictures were not taken during the meeting. Sources described the half-an-hour long meeting as a courtesy call.
Nadella reportedly spoke to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu over phone. It was not clear if Microsoft CEO will meet Naidu, who is in Visakhapatnam to inaugurate a technology incubation centre.
An alumni of Hyderabad Public School (HPS), Nadella, 47, is son of former Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer B.N. Yugandhar. His wife is the daughter of another retired IAS officer K.R. Venugopal.

World Heart Day: Save a life  dont waste timeComments
We’ve seen it in movies — people collapsing, clutching their hearts after a heart attack. But what when it happens in real life? The truth is most people don’t know how to deal with it.
Nowhere close to what is shown in reel life, most heart attacks start slowly, with mild chest pain or discomfort. Often people affected are not sure what is wrong and wait too long before getting help.
Loss of time — according to experts doing very little during the first one hour after an attack usually — is the most common regret among heart specialists, as in more than 50% cases the patients have a greater chances of survival if they are brought to a hospital on time.
“An 80-year-old woman was rushed to our hospital late at night a few days ago as she suffered a cardiac arrest. The family had taken her to a couple of neighbourhood nursing homes before bringing her to our hospital. She was refused admission at both the nursing homes and by the time we received her it was too late. Her heart had collapsed and we couldn’t revive her,” says Dr Purshottam Lal, chief cardiologist, Metro Heart Institute, Noida.
“One must rush a patient straight to the closest hospital equipped to provide specialised care, saving critical time. Till the time hospital transport is arranged, it is advised to try cardio pulmonary resuscitation, an effective first line of treatment for heart attack,” he said.
Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation, popularly known as CPR, is a life saver and ideally every person should have a basic knowledge of conducting CPRs.
“Even if one doesn’t know the correct way of giving a CPR, one must make an effort at least, as in absence of help the patient may be sinking anyway. Sometime even a chest thump works wonders,” added Dr Lal.
CPR must be performed on any person who seems to be unresponsive due to any reason ranging from a heart attack to a stroke, to being struck by lightning, electrocution, drowning or even snakebite, as it can be a life-saver if performed correctly and at the earliest.
Most experts recommend the CPR programme run by the American Heart Association (AHA), wherein emphasis is on CAB — restoring circulation by providing chest compressions, clearing airway and restoring breathing.
“Everyone should know that basic life support programme helps in resuscitation,” says Dr KK Talwar, chairman, cardiology, Max Healthcare.
It is estimated that more than 24 lakh people die in the country every year after a sudden cardiac arrest, of which nearly 18 lakh die before reaching the hospital.
Experts feel more than 12 lakh victims of sudden cardiac arrest could be saved if CPR is taught to even one per cent of the country’s population.
The question, however, is that how is an individual supposed to check for the signs of a heart attack? “If there’s pain in the upper part of the body — chest, neck, arms, back — which isn’t movement related, breathlessness, sweating or at times nausea, it could mean that the person is undergoing a heart attack and must be provided immediate care,” says Dr Anil Bhan, senior cardiac surgeon, heart institute-division of cardio thoracic and vascular surgery, Medanta Hospital.
One must try to rush the person to a hospital within one hour of the attack as anti-clotting medicines work the best during that period. “The idea is to save time. So if an ambulance is taking long to arrive, it’s not a bad idea to bundle up the patient in a car,” said Dr Talwar.
Deaths from heart attacks are going down (4%), owing to advances in treatment and more hospitals equipping themselves to deal with cardiac emergencies. Since nearly 20 lakh people do not make it to the hospital, learning basic life support should be a norm. “Basic CPR is easily learnt, easily taught and easily understood,” said Dr Talwar.

Stocks slip as dollar hits 4-year highHong Kong protests keep stocks in check
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84f3b08a-4783-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S&P has little impact; analysts keep Sensex target unchanged @ 30KS&P has little impact; analysts keep Sensex target unchanged @ 30K
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Rating agencies have been…)
NEW DELHI: Global rating agency Standard and Poor's might have raised the outlook for India's 'BBB-minus' rating to 'stable' from 'negative', but analysts on the Dalal Street still maintain their year-end target for the Sensex at around 30,000, and 8500-8600 for the Nifty. The market, however, did not wait for the S&P action. The Sensex has already rallied over 26 per cent so far in the year 2014, supported by robust FII flows (over $30 billion YTD).
Image 1
"While the rating action is incrementally positive as the rating has remained investment grade, it is unlikely to have a major impact on the market," Motilal Oswal said in a report.
"Meanwhile, a variety of other factors, including stability of INR and reduced risk premium, improvement in investor sentiments and signs of improvement in economic indicators, are already driving the financial market," added the report.
In the past, rating agencies have been blamed for their failure to take timely rating action and opaque procedure that does not link credit actions to preset quantitative targets. This has been displayed both during the downcycle and the upcycle.
"I would still stick to my year-end Sensex projection of 30,000. There will be a lot of resistance at that point. So the markets will be quite volatile," said Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV.
"Apart from that, there is a slight risk of investors being wary of pumping money when such a critical point is hit," he added.
Image 2
The S&P outlook upgrade means that the country risk premium for India will eventually reduce once the actual upgrades come in and hence the Indian markets will look cheaper due to the lower discount rates.
"It will attract more FDI/FII money going forward as the outlook upgrade will give higher valuations to all Indian assets. But the big fillip will come only after an actual rating upgrade," said Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt.
"We have not revised our year-end targets for both the Sensex & the Nifty. Our one year target is approximately the same at 34000 by March 2015," he added. Gupta said that he had already accounted for some favorable factors given the trend towards better fundamentals.
All the three main rating agencies now have India's sovereign credit rating at one notch above junk grade and with a stable outlook.
Expectations from the newly-elected Modi government remain sky high despite some recent setback in terms of delay in the gas price hike, coal block de-allocation etc.
"Equities, INR and bonds understandably reacted positively to S&P's revision last week, but this is at best a kneejerk reaction," CLSA said in a report. The government will come through with some reforms, but a sovereign credit rating upgrade over the next 12-18 months is highly unlikely.
"The combination of a mere cyclical improvement and incremental reforms is unlikely to turn on rating agencies," added the CLSA report.
However, India will attract more FDI post outlook upgrade as it will boost confidence among investors and positively impact India's business image. New initiatives like 'Make in India' and Modi's recent visit to Japan and the US can also act as a new boost for investor confidence.
"Rating up gradation from S&P will definitely boost the confidence of retail investors and for the year-end, we expect the target for the Nifty around 8500-8600 and for the Sensex around 29700-30000," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian-Israeli PMs meet for the first time in more than a decadeinternational relations
Mr. Modi told Mr. Netanyahu about his "Make in India" program and pointed out that investment was possible in defence industries
In the first meeting between Indian and Israeli Prime Ministers in more than a decade, Prime Minister Modi asked Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to explain Israel’s perspective on the Islamic State (ISIS). According to Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, the two leaders discussed the situation in West Asia. “Given that Israel is well placed in that region, the Prime Minister requested and was given a briefing of their understanding of the situation.”
The conversation takes significance given it came before Mr. Modi’s dinner meeting with US President Barack Obama in Washington, as well as Mr. Modi’s address to the council for foreign relations to outline his government’s foreign policy objectives.
Mr. Modi and Mr. Netanyahu also discussed ways of increasing bilateral ties in the areas of agriculture, water management and urban development. Israel is one of India’s largest defence suppliers, and Mr. Modi discussed his government’s decision to open up Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in the field to 49 per cent. He also told Mr. Netanyahu that Israel should consider defence partnerships based in India, in line with his “Make in India” initiative. According to The Jerusalem Post, Mr. Netanyahu said “the sky is the limit” for relations between both countries.
The meeting between the two leaders came a few hours after Mr. Modi’s interactions with American-Jewish community leaders, who also made a strong pitch for an “India-US-Israeli relationship”, according to the spokesperson. During the day, Mr. Modi also met US lawmakers of Indian origin, including Hawaiian congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, and South Carolina governor Nikki Haley.

BlackBerry Passport@Rs49 900 |  For corporat...BlackBerry Passport launched in India for Rs 49,990
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 29 Sep, 2014, 12.59PM IST
The Passport is a departure from the usual smartphone design and has a square shape. Its 4.5-inch touchscreen has an aspect ratio of 1:1 with a resolution of 1440 x 1440 pixels.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BlackBerry has launched its new flagship smartphone, BlackBerry Passport in India for Rs 49,990. The smartphone was announced last week internationally and India is one of the first countries where the phone will be available.
The Passport is a departure from the usual smartphone design and has a square shape. Its 4.5-inch touchscreen has an aspect ratio of 1:1 with a resolution of 1440 x 1440 pixels. Under the display is an innovative touch enabled keyboard that combines a physical keypad with virtual keypad functions seamlessly. You can swipe to delete and flick to select a predicted word on the keypad just like you would do on a display.
Hardware specifications include quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, Adreno 330 GPU, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage and microSD card slot for expansion (up to 128GB supported). Connectivity is taken care of with 3G, dual band WiFi, WiFi Direct, Bluetooth 4.0 and NFC. A highlight of the BlackBerry Passport is its 3,450mAh battery which BlackBerry claim will deliver a battery life of up to 30 hours.
For photography enthusiasts, the Passport features a 13MP primary camera with optical image stabilization that can record full HD video. The front 2MP camera does video recording in 720p HD resolution. Other features include 4 microphones, MHL port for TV-out, FM Radio, accelerometer, gyro, compass and proximity sensor.
It is the first BlackBerry smartphone to come with the latest BlackBerry OS 10.3. The new OS adds a voice assistant, updated BlackBerry Hub, improved camera user interface, enhanced security, updated icons and a built-in wallet app approved by RBI. With OS 10.3, BlackBerry also introduced BlackBerry Blend - a new app that lets you display your BlackBerry phone contents and notifications on a computer (Windows or Mac) or tablet (iOS or Android). As BlackBerry OS 10 supports installation of Android apps, the Passport comes preloaded with Amazon App store to download and install Android apps.
BlackBerry Passport will be available for pre-order from today onwards (till 10th October)exclusively on Amazon India. Consumers who pre-order the phone will get an Amazon India voucher worth Rs 5,000 and 5000 Jet privilege miles.

Do not expect ratings upgrade for a year: CLSACLSA
(Mainly echoes the widespread…)
NEW DELHI: S&P revised its outlook on India's BBB sovereign credit rating to 'stable' from 'negative' last week, which is a welcome move, but essentially the rating agency is playing catch up, CLSA has said in a report.
"S&P is essentially playing catch-up as the possibility of such an action had been talked about in the last few weeks," says the Asia-focussed broker.
The action is welcome, but mainly echoes the widespread acknowledgement of the significant turnaround in India's macro environment and the political backdrop.
The rating agency had lowered its outlook on India's sovereign credit rating in April 2012. Now with the revision in its outlook to stable, S&P is acknowledging what financial markets and investors have already acted upon, it says.
With the revision in its outlook to stable, S&P is acknowledging stable macros, including improving fiscal and CA deficits, post-election improvement in investor confidence and growth dynamics.
CLSA has clarified that there is often a misunderstanding among local investors and media about a change in sovereign credit rating and a change in outlook on the rating.
S&P's revision is not a credit rating upgrade and also does not signal increased probability of a rating upgrade. CLSA expects S&P to stick to its BBB rating (this is one notch above junk) for India.
The global brokerage firm is of the view that the government will come through with some reforms, but a sovereign credit rating upgrade over the next 12-18 months is highly unlikely.
All the three main rating agencies now have India's sovereign credit rating at one notch above junk grade and with a stable outlook.
Equities , INR and bonds understandably reacted positively to S&P's revision. But this is at best a kneejerk reaction, says CLSA.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Temple  cleaned  after Bihar CM s visit  calls for arrest of guiltyComments
Bihar Chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Monday reiterated his stunning, if disputed, claim that he was treated as an ‘untouchable’ even after he assumed the high office he holds.
Manjhi had said a temple in Madhubani (north Bihar) he visited (on August 18) in the run up to the August 21 Bihar assembly bypolls, “was cleaned and the idol washed”, after he left the place, as he was a dalit.
“I did not see this happen. But I was informed of this happening later by Ramlakhan Ram Raman (mines and geology minister and a fellow dalit)”, the chief minister had said on Sunday at a gathering.
Raman denied saying anything of the kind to Manjhi. “My name has been wrongly dragged into the matter”, Raman, told reporters seeking confirmation of the alleged incident.
But the chief minister held his ground. “Raman narrated the temple washing incident twice. I don’t know why he is denying it now”, Manjhi told reporters. “Even (former MP and RJD leader) Devendra Prasad Yadav told me the incident happened”, he added.
As such, the chief minister said, he had directed the Darbhanga divisional commissioner and zonal inspector general of police to investigate the matter and submit a report about the incident.
Bihar JD (U) president Bashistha Narayan Singh condemned the incident and said the ruling party was inquiring into the matter at its own level. “Those found guilty will be punished but let’s not drag this matter”, he said, apparently embarrassed by the turn of events.
The BJP, Bihar’s principal opposition party, said the chief minister’s claim he was treated as an untouchable was an attempt to assert his dalit identity to counter the widespread impression he was a stopgap chief minister.
“Manjhi is pitching for dalit consolidation of the kind seen in Uttar Pradesh, under the leadership of BSP leader Mayawati. He is looking to create a separate dalit constituency Bihar has never had”, said Bihar BJP chief Mangal Pandey.
He claimed Manjhi was upset about the impression that he was selected to be chief minister because his party, the JD (U), had suffered a stunning defeat in the Lok Sabha poll and wanted a dalit face at the helm but only till the assembly poll next year.
Interestingly, Manjhi himself said so at a function organised in the memory of late Bhola Paswan Shastri, Bihar’s first dalit chief minister. Manjhi is the third dalit leader to hold the high post, JD (U) leader Ram Sunder Das being the second.
“I am chief minister for only next 10 months”, Manjhi said, indicating he would have to make way for a successor at the time of the next Bihar assembly election, due in October 2015, or immediately after it.
Manjhi, who took charge in May after the then chief minister Nitish Kumar put in his paper after his party’s ‘two seats out of Bihar’s 40’ Lok Sabha poll show, left none in doubt he saw dalit unity as the way forward for himself.
“If all dalits come together, Bihar can have a dalit chief minister even after the assembly poll”, he told the gathering.
Manjhi also said people who came to him for some work felt no qualms about falling at his feet . “This is the world we live in”, he stated.
Interestingly, leaders of the chief minister’s own party remained emphatic in denying that the temple incident in reference had taken place.
“No such incident took place. The CM has been wrongly informed. I can vouch for the fact that the people were very respectful towards him and happy he visited the temple”, said JD (U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh, who is from Madhubani and had hosted the CM.
Recalling Manjhi’s election campaign trip in August, Singh said the chief minister had lunch at his (Singh’s) Jhanjharpur residence and stopped at the Parmeshwari temple at Rudrapur on the request of the locals.
“I was present there during and after the CM’s temple visit and there was absolutely no question of the idol being washed or the temple premises being cleaned”, the JD (U) MLC told HT.
Even rural development minister Nitish Mishra, who was also present when Manjhi’s temple visit took place, said the chief minister had been wrongly informed about his temple visit aftermath.
“The idol at the Parmeshwari temple is made of clay. If it is washed, the idol of the deity will disintegrate”, Mishra stated.
Bihar has some history of dalits being debarred from visiting temples. For instance, a dalit woman was allegedly beaten up in July 2012 after she entered a temple in north Bihar’s Begusarai district.
On the flip side, Chandeshwar Paswan, a Sanskrit scholar, was appointed Bihar’s first Dalit priest of the famous Vishwanath Mahadev Mandir at Hajipur in May 2006.
In 2007, the Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts (BSBRT) appointed another Dalit, Jamuna Das, as a priest in the Shiva temple at Bihta on January 14, the Makarsankranti Day.
Phalhari Suryavanshi Das, a Dalit scholar, from Ravi Das temple in Ayodhya was appointed as a priest at ‘Mahavir sthan’, Patna’s most famous Hanuman temple, near the Patna junction railway station.
Yet another Dalit from Mushahar community (lowest strata of the society) Janardan Manjhi, was appointed priest of the 300-year- at Hajipur.
In 2007, the Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts (BSBRT) appointed another Dalit, Jamuna Das, as a priest in the Shiva temple at Bihta on January 14, the Makarsankranti Day.
Phalhari Suryavanshi Das, a Dalit scholar, from Ravi Das temple in Ayodhya was appointed as a priest at ‘Mahavir sthan’, Patna’s most famous Hanuman temple, near the Patna junction railway station.
Yet another Dalit from Mushahar community (lowest strata of the society) Janardan Manjhi, was appointed priest of the 300-year-old Ram Janaki temple at Paliganj in June 2007.

Veteran CPI(M) leader killed in alleged assault by former CRPF havildarPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 3:36 pm
Suren Chakravarty, a veteran CPI(M) leader and former state committee member, was killed following an alleged assault by a group led by a former CRPF havildar in Nalbari, about 60 kms from Guwahati. With police ruling out any political angle to it.
Nalbari district SP Pradip Ranjan Kar said Chakravarty (74), in his dying statement before the police had named one Pramod Barman, a retired CRPF havildar, for assaulting him along with a few other miscreants. While the police have registered a case, the accused, Pramod Barman, was absconding, the SP said.
Giving a background to the incident, SP Kar said Chakavarty and Barman, both neighbours at a locality called Borkura, about four kms from Nalbari town, had been at loggerheads for more than a year and both had lodged cases against each other. The police had earlier arrested Barman as well as Chakravarty’s wife and son in connection with cases filed by the two against each other, though all three were later released on bail.
“On Saturday night, Chakravarty was found lying by the roadside in a near unconscious state and was first taken to a local hospital. But considering the severe injuries he had sustained, Chakravarty was referred to the Guwahati Medical College Hospital, but had breathed his last on the way.
Chakravarty, however, had made a dying statement before the police, in which he named his neighbour Barman as having assaulted him leading to severe injuries,” Nalbari SP Kar told The Indian Express today.

Facebook to Test Net Beaming Drones in 2015You are here: Home Corporates
Facebook to Test Internet Beaming Drones in 2015
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 28, 2014 14:27 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Washington: Facebook plans to start testing its internet-carrying solar-powered drones in 2015, with the ultimate aim of getting two-thirds of the global population online.
Mark Zuckerberg had unveiled Facebook's Connectivity Lab and its partnership with the Internet.org project in March this year.
The initiative seeks to use solar-powered unmanned aerial vehicles to beam internet down to the two thirds of the global population who are not yet connected, according to 'Gizmag'.
Speaking at the Social Good Summit in New York last week, engineering director at Facebook Connectivity Lab, Yael Maguire, detailed the company's vision of internet-carrying drones, with plans to begin testing in 2015 in a US location which is yet to be determined.
"In order for us to fly these planes - unmanned planes that have to fly for months, or perhaps years at a time - we actually have to fly above the weather, above all airspace," Mr Maguire told Mashable.
"That's between 60,000 and 90,000 feet. Routinely, planes don't fly there, and certainly not drones," he said.
The size of the planes will be roughly the size of a commercial aircraft.
One of the plane models the lab is working on is the length of "about six or seven Priuses, but is the weight of four of the tires of a Prius," MrMaguire said.
A team at the Facebook Connectivity Lab is specifically working on policy, advising the technology and development teams on regulations that are in place.
Right now, there's a 'one pilot per plane' rule, but Mr Maguire said they need a regulatory environment that's open to one pilot managing up to 100 of these solar-powered planes.
"We can't have one person per plane if we want to figure out how to connect the world," he said.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:26 (IST)

What happened with Bihar CM Manjhi a matter of shame: PaswanIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Delhi: Law Minister s surprise visit to post office  seeks explanation behind the mess22
1
Delhi: Union Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad spearheaded the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Clean India' drive at the postal department offices on Monday.
He was seen chiding officers and sought explanation on why post offices in Delhi had not been cleaned.
Prasad said, "I picked up the garbage myself today. You must have seen that. I opened the cupboard myself to see the dirt. I hope a message is sent in the entire country after this."
#narendra modi #clean india #ravi shankar prasad #post office
Prasad even warned officers saying, "I can turn up in any post office any time."
The NDA government will kickstart its Swachh Bharat Abhiyan officially on October 2. The initiative is part of Modi's aim to clean up country's public spots by October 2019.
112

BlackBerry Passport: BlackBerry launches its square-shaped smartphone at Rs 49 990 in India; features a 4.5-inch touchscreen  3-row keyboard30
2
New Delhi: Within a week of its global release, BlackBerry has launched its unconventional new smartphone dubbed the Passport in India as it embarks on what may be the most critical phase of its long turnaround push.
Priced at Rs 49,990, the BlackBerry Passport is up for pre-order on Amazon India starting today. The phone will remain up for pre-booking on Amazon India till October 10. Customers pre-booking their BlackBerry Passport on Amazon.in would receive a gift card worth Rs 5,000, says BlackBerry.
It will be be available across stores from October 10 for Rs 49,990, BlackBerry India Managing Director Sunil Lalvani said at the launch event.
Users can type on the Passport's keyboard to enter text, or swipe lightly across it to navigate through the phone.
#blackberry #blackberry passport #apple #iphone
BlackBerry Passport, which is the size and shape of a closed passport, comes with a 4.5-inch square touchscreen as well as a 3-row keyboard. The Passport comes to market as the phones of BlackBerry's rivals converge on a single profile, with tall, rectangular screens and smooth corners.
BlackBerry Passport comes with 3450 mAh non-removable battery which company said will support up to 14 hours of talktime in 2G network and video playback of up to 11 hours.
The square-shaped handset has 13 megapixel main camera and 2 megapixel camera. The internal storage capacity of the phone is 32 GB and supports 128 GB of external storage.
Users can type on the Passport's keyboard to enter text, or swipe lightly across it to navigate through the phone.
Passport users will be able to download apps from Amazon's app store, previously only available for Android-based phones.
Before Passport, the company's most expensive smartphone was Blackberry Q10 launched for about Rs 45,000 in June last year. The handset is now available in the market at around Rs 19,000 - less than half its launch price.
The company had to reduce price of its handsets as there was a huge inventory pile up due to less of demand of BlackBerry phones sold at premium price. Lalvani said the price of BlackBerry Passport is going to stay because of its high quality components and specifications.
BlackBerry recently concluded a three-year restructuring process, and it is now up to Chief Executive John Chen to prove that the company's new devices and services are capable of generating sustainable new streams of revenue and returning it to profit.
BlackBerry has increasingly lost relevance as a smartphone company in the years since the 2007 launch of Apple's touchscreen iPhone and the 2008 introduction of Google-powered Android phones.
The BlackBerry smartphone, pioneered in 1999, changed the culture by allowing on-the-go business people to access wireless email. Then came a new generation of competing smartphones, and suddenly the BlackBerry looked ancient. Apple first showed that phones can handle much more than email and phone calls with its iPhone. BlackBerry has been hammered by the competition.
(With inputs from agencies)

Focus on putting economy on upward path: ModiFocus on putting economy on upward path: Modi
RSS man and murder accused stirs Rajnath Singh controversyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nissan appoints new President for India operationsNissan appoints new President for India operations
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 29, 2014 03:30 PM IST
Nissan today announce the appointment of Guillaume Sicard as President, Nissan India operations, effective October 1, 2014. Sicard has been serving as Nissan’s Deputy President in India since July, 2014.
Sicard will report to Takashi Hata, Senior Vice President of Nissan Motor Co. Ltd., in charge of Africa, West Asia and India region. In his new role, Sicard will lead Nissan in India and will be responsible for all the company’s operations in the country, including manufacturing at the plant in Chennai, which has a capacity of 400,000 units.
According to company's statement he will lead business development as Nissan expands its sales networks in India for the Nissan and Datsun brands and launches new products.
Nissan will later announce the name of a new managing director of Nissan Motor India Private Ltd (NMIPL), Nissan’s sales and marketing company in India, who will report to Sicard, said the company.
Kenichiro Yomura, current President of Nissan India operations, will be returning to Japan where he has been appointed General Manager, Africa Business Management Department, Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.

Hong Kong removes riot police from streets© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85d95cd2-478a-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It is time to shake up housing financeLast updated: September 29, 2014 5:07 pm
Time to shake up housing finance
By Charles Goodhart
Focus of structural reform should extend beyond banking
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5220f6f0-399f-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK: the censored view from Beijing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa0e81a4-479e-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

At meeting with Netanyahu  Modi discusses cooperation  gets West AsiabriefingPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a meeting in New York. (Source: AP)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:15 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 4:18 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday met his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu here, the first meeting between the two countries at the highest level since Prime Minister Ariel Sharon visited New Delhi in 2003.
The meeting had been kept low-key from the Indian side: it was not in the list of the PM’s bilateral engagements announced in New Delhi before his departure for the US; major Israeli news outlets were, however, flagging it on Sunday as Prime Minister Netanyahu’s first scheduled meeting after landing in New York from Tel Aviv.
In a bare-bones briefing, the Ministry of External Affairs said the two leaders discussed trade, agriculture and water management. Modi is said to have expressed a keen desire for Israeli assistance to improve water management techniques in India, where some 500 cities have been experiencing an acute problem.
The PM is also understood to have used the meeting to get a sense of Tel Aviv’s view on the ongoing crisis in the Middle East, in which it is both an actor and a close and interested observer.
“Given that Israel is well placed in that region, so the Prime Minister requested, and was given, a briefing of their understanding of the situation,” the MEA spokesperson said.
Besides water management and urban development, both areas of Israeli expertise, greater bilateral defence and cyber security cooperation were also discussed. “He (Modi) explained that right now in the defence sector, Israeli or any foreign company can invest up to 49 per cent.
“He also made a pitch for investments from everywhere, including from Israel, given the market that we have, and the ability for technologies to be absorbed in India,” the spokesperson said.
Modi has received a personal invitation from Netanyahu to visit Israel — and if he goes, Modi will be the first Indian Prime Minister to do so. He visited Israel as chief minister of Gujarat, and showed great interest in Israeli agriculture and water management techniques.
Besides the bilateral meeting with Netanyahu, the Prime Minister also met a Jewish American delegation, who are powerful advocates of strong Indo-Israeli ties.

TVS adds two new color options forJupiterExpress News Service | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:13 pm
After stirring the scooter segment for more than a year as an enticing family-oriented scooter, TVS has spruced up the Jupiter by adding two new premium color options to its range – Matte Beige and Sparkling Silver. These two new paint schemes will continue to be sold along side the previous color options of Volcano Red, Mercury White, Midnight Black and Titanium Grey, at no additional costs. Other than these new color options introduced, the aesthetics and mechanical aspects of the Jupiter remains unchanged. The stratagem behind the inclusion of new colors is to increase the enthusiasm in the Jupiter for the forthcoming festive season.
The TVS Jupiter has been in the market as one of the most accomplished full-sized metal bodied scooter. It is powered by a 109.7cc four-stroke, air cooled engine, which produces maximum power and torque outputs of 8PS and 8Nm respectively. The scooter comes loaded with exciting features such as external fuel filler cap, parking brake, pass-by light switch, patented E-Z center stand, econometer, low fuel indicator, twin pilot lamps and a mobile charging point. The chassis components include front telescopic forks, rear gas charged monoshock, 12-inch alloy wheels and tubeless tyres for optimum ride quality.
On the inclusion of these new color options, the President and CEO of TVS Motor Company, K.N. Radhakrishnan, said, “This is yet another example of our deeper customer understanding and our commitment to deliver what customers want. Today, we have the widest and most comprehensive range of scooters straddling all segments of the scooter market with Jupiter targeting the male single user segment, Wego targeting the dual user segment and Scooty Zest, Pep+ and Streak catering for the women single user segment.” The scooter continues to be available at the price of Rs. 44,250 (ex-showroom, Delhi).

Honeywell Aerospace inks pact with TataPowerPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:01 pm
Honeywell Aerospace has signed an agreement with Tata Power to enable it to produce the US-based firm’s tactical advanced land inertial navigators (Talin) in India.
“Honeywell Aerospace has signed a licensing agreement with Tata Power’s strategic engineering division (SED) enabling it to produce Honeywell’s Talin in India,” a release issued here said.
This Honeywell-patented technology enables vehicles and artillery to navigate very precisely even where GPS satellite guidance is not available.
“Our strategic agreement with Honeywell supports our SED’s commitment to the ‘Make in India’ initiative – a priority for the new government.
“This agreement sets the standard for locally produced defence technologies to sustain India’s military growth and mission success over the coming years,” Tata Power SED Chief Executive Rahul Chaudhry said.
Tata Power has completed this technology sharing arrangement, which will offer the Indian armed forces a state-of-the-art inertial navigation technology, made in India and with local product support, he added.
Honeywell will license the design, hardware and expertise to assemble, test and, in the future, build the production kits for Talin to Tata Power SED.
“Talin represents the latest in GPS-free navigation and positioning technology, designed to improve asset safety and ultimately mission success.
“By partnering with Tata Power, we are aligning with the government’s aim of increasing locally manufactured technologies for India’s defence industry and giving the Indian armed forces an easy-to-justify option for navigation on the 21st century battlefield,” said Arijit Ghosh, President—India, Honeywell Aerospace.
Production and manufacturing of the system components is expected by 2016.
At this time, the agreement will also be extended to cover Honeywell’s Talin 3000, 4000 and 5000 products, which offer varying capabilities to suit a wide range of operational requirements.

AIADMK workers hold demonstrations  fast acrossTNPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:58 pm
Continuing their protest against the conviction of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa for the third day, party workers and sympathisers on Monday observed a fast and staged demonstrations across the state.
Police said no untoward incident was reported so far in the state, which witnessed sporadic violence such as stone pelting and torching of vehicles in the aftermath of the Bangalore special court’s verdict sentencing Jayalalithaa to four years simple imprisonment in the wealth case on Sep 27.
AIADMK’s women’s wing functionaries held a hunger strike at party founder M G Ramachandran’s Memorial at the Marina Beach here.
Similar protests by various wings of the party were also held at various places including Madurai, Erode, Tuticorin, Rameswaram and Kanyakumari Districts where slogans hailing Jayalalithaa were raised.
Supporters of the ruling AIADMK continued to express confidence that Jayalalithaa “would emerge unscathed by pursuing legal remedies as the case was fabricated.”
Vehicular traffic was, however, not affected and buses and other public transport were operated as usual.
Silent demonstrations were held by sections of employees of government departments and undertakings, including the Housing department, in the city.
A large number of fishermen staged demonstrations and abstained from venturing into sea in coastal regions including Kanyakumari, Rameswaram and Tuticorin, reports received here said.
Students of some government colleges, including the Nandanam Arts College here, also staged protests.
Meanwhile, all 700 wholesale and retail vegetable and fruit outlets in the Erode Municipal Nethaji market were closed and the vendors held a demonstration wearing black shirts.
In Coimbatore, about 2,500 AIADMK workers and sympathisers observed a fast while 15 party men tonsured their heads as a vow for the early release of their leader.
Led by City Mayor and AIADMK District Secretary Ganapati Rajkumar, some of the workers sporting black shirts, raised slogans in support of Jayalalithaa and expressed hope that she would come clean.
A Madurai report said theatres were closed in the city in expression of solidarity with Jayalalithaa.
Students of Government College in Melur boycotted classes condemning her conviction.
In Theni District, thousands of AIADMK workers, led by O P S Raja, a local party functionary and brother of new Chief Minister O Panneerselvam, participated in the fast.
The venue was thronged by rural women who also organised “oppari” (a traditional practice of wailing observed during funerals in rural parts).
Shops in the southern districts remained opened today continued…

AIADMK workers hold demonstrations  fast across TNPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:58 pm
Continuing their protest against the conviction of AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa for the third day, party workers and sympathisers on Monday observed a fast and staged demonstrations across the state.
Police said no untoward incident was reported so far in the state, which witnessed sporadic violence such as stone pelting and torching of vehicles in the aftermath of the Bangalore special court’s verdict sentencing Jayalalithaa to four years simple imprisonment in the wealth case on Sep 27.
AIADMK’s women’s wing functionaries held a hunger strike at party founder M G Ramachandran’s Memorial at the Marina Beach here.
Similar protests by various wings of the party were also held at various places including Madurai, Erode, Tuticorin, Rameswaram and Kanyakumari Districts where slogans hailing Jayalalithaa were raised.
Supporters of the ruling AIADMK continued to express confidence that Jayalalithaa “would emerge unscathed by pursuing legal remedies as the case was fabricated.”
Vehicular traffic was, however, not affected and buses and other public transport were operated as usual.
Silent demonstrations were held by sections of employees of government departments and undertakings, including the Housing department, in the city.
A large number of fishermen staged demonstrations and abstained from venturing into sea in coastal regions including Kanyakumari, Rameswaram and Tuticorin, reports received here said.
Students of some government colleges, including the Nandanam Arts College here, also staged protests.
Meanwhile, all 700 wholesale and retail vegetable and fruit outlets in the Erode Municipal Nethaji market were closed and the vendors held a demonstration wearing black shirts.
In Coimbatore, about 2,500 AIADMK workers and sympathisers observed a fast while 15 party men tonsured their heads as a vow for the early release of their leader.
Led by City Mayor and AIADMK District Secretary Ganapati Rajkumar, some of the workers sporting black shirts, raised slogans in support of Jayalalithaa and expressed hope that she would come clean.
A Madurai report said theatres were closed in the city in expression of solidarity with Jayalalithaa.
Students of Government College in Melur boycotted classes condemning her conviction.
In Theni District, thousands of AIADMK workers, led by O P S Raja, a local party functionary and brother of new Chief Minister O Panneerselvam, participated in the fast.
The venue was thronged by rural women who also organised “oppari” (a traditional practice of wailing observed during funerals in rural parts).
Shops in the southern districts remained opened today continued…

CNX pharma@new high | Strides Arcolab okays merger with Shasun  stock up 7%CNX Pharma at record high; Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy on roll
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 05.11PM IST
Tags:
Aurobindo
(Among the top performers…)
MUMBAI: The momentum is building up in pharmaceutical companies ahead of the second quarter earnings. Investors are ditching cyclicals and lapping up pharma stocks due to visibility in earnings. Pick-up in exports markets at a time when the rupee is near 61 per dollar mark is also making investors bullish on the sector.
"Since global cues seem to be alright and there are domestic challenges, we have to set our house in order. I guess export-facing businesses like pharma and IT will continue to do well. That is what you are witnessing in the market," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
Investors are even ready to buy pharmaceutical companies at higher valuations due to upgrade in earnings.
"Pharma stocks are clearly far more expensive. They have seen a massive increase in valuations over last two-three years. But the good thing about pharma stocks has been that it has been accompanied by very strong acceleration in earnings. That is what has held up the multiples at a higher level," said Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equity & MD, India, Nomura Financial Advisories & Securities.
Among the top performers in the pharma space have been Sun Pharmaceuticals, Ranbaxy, Lupin and Aurobindo Pharmaceuticals.
Sun Pharmaceuticals is on a road to recovery after a sharp decline earlier this month. The stock has gained over 4 per cent in the last one week and the upward momentum is likely to continue after the recently held Annual General Meeting.
According to the management, Form 483 issued to its Halol facility in Gujarat is largely procedural and the company is following good manufacturing practices acrosss facilities.
Shares of Ranbaxy have been moving inline Sun pharmaceuticals ahead of their merger. According to Sun Pharmaceuticals management, CCI nod for the deal with Ranbaxy by December..
Lupin is in an upmove after it recently signed a blockbuster deal with Merck Serono. Lupin will support Merck Serono in the implementation of the company's general medicines portfolio expansion initiative in emerging markets thus addressing local needs for affordable, high quality medicines.
Aurobindo Pharma has gained traction after Medicines Patent Pool (MPP), an United Nations arm, entered into sub-licencing agreement with five Indian companies including Aurobindo for generic manufacturing a HIV drug tenofovir alafenamide for 112 developing countries.
"Sun Pharma is the best bet because post the Ranbaxy merger we could expect earnings to double from here on. We expect their margins to be in the range of 30-35 per cent in the coming year. So, as a long-term story, Sun Pharma is the best play in the pharma space," said Ravi Muthukrishnan, Co-Head Research, ICICI Securities.
"Lupin is also a good name for us. We do not cover too many midcap stocks in the pharma space," he told ET Now.
At 02:20 p.m.; the CNX Pharma Index was 1.91 per cent up at 10,701.80. It surged to an all-time high of 10,742.45 in trade today.
Ranbaxy rallied 3.60 per cent, Sun Pharma was 3.50 per cent higher, Lupin gained 0.94 per cent and Cipla was 1.11 per cent higher.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaya loyalist Panneerselvam  ministers weep at swearing-inComments
A tearful AIADMK leader O Panneerselvam was sworn in as Tamil Nadu chief minister on Monday as some of his ministerial colleagues broke down in an emotional ceremony two days after party chief J Jayalalithaa was jailed in a corruption case.
 
The new chief minister pulled out a handkerchief to wipe his tears as he took the oath with a picture of Jayalalithaa in his hand at Raj Bhavan in Chennai where emotions have been running high since the AIADMK chief was sentenced to four years in prison in a disproportionate assets case.
 
The 66-year-old Jayalalithaa, who has a cult following in Tamil Nadu, approached the Karnataka high court on Monday challenging the conviction and the matter is expected to come up before a vacation bench on Tuesday.
 
Most of the 30 MLAs who followed Panneerselvam were sobbing and their voices were low as they were sworn into the new council of ministers.
O Panneerselvam weeps at the swearing-in ceremony. (Agency photo)
Before they came for the swearing-in, many of them participated in AIADMK protests against Jayalalithaa’s conviction. Angry Jayalalithaa supporters held protests in Chennai and Bangalore over the weekend with hundreds of party workers damaging vehicles and wailing women throwing themselves on the ground.
Jaya moves HC against conviction, Panneerselvam sworn in
The 63-year-old Panneerselvam was rewarded for his loyalty and devotion to Jayalalithaa for the second time: the former film-star-turned-politician handed over responsibility to him in 2001 following her conviction in a land deals case that was later overturned.
The conviction effectively slams the door on Jayalalithaa’s political career for some years. But analysts say the powerful politician, who is popularly known as Amma, is likely to pull the strings from behind bars with a staunch loyalist occupying the chief minister’s chair. 
 
Unless her conviction is overturned by a higher court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years while she is in jail and six after release.
 
Jayalalithaa and three of her close aides are lodged in Bengaluru’s central jail after being convicted in the corruption case.

Modi to woo top American CEOs  meet Obama for quiet dinnerComments
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs at a breakfast meeting with top US executives on Monday, saying the country was open-minded and ready for change.
Modi’s message to industry bigwigs in New York comes in the midst of his promises to make his country more attractive for doing business.
Addressing top executives, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, the PM spoke on the recent Supreme Court order cancelling more than 200 coal block allocations due to illegalities, a move that has added to an environment of policy uncertainty in India after the earlier scrapping of 2G telecom spectrums.
“(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward & clean up the past,” Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs tweeted, quoting the Prime Minister as saying.
Modi also discussed steps that can be taken to enhance India's business environment.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," another of Akbaruddin’s tweets, quoting the Prime Minister, said."
Read: Narendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
The country had also failed to pass key economic reform laws in the last few years of the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance government, a problem Modi promised to tackle after coming to power in an absolute majority.
"Infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs & enhances quality of life of our citizens," Modi told the CEOs.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Read: Modi moves to resurrect India lobby
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.

Jan Dhan cross 5 cr accounts  banks collect over Rs 3500crSep 29, 2014, 03.49 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Jan Dhan cross 5 cr accounts, banks collect over Rs 3500cr
Led by state-run banks, the system has opened over 5 crore accounts under the Jan Dhan scheme as of September 25 and the deposits collected through the scheme have crossed Rs 3,500 crore, Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu told the annual meeting of the Indo-American Chamber.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jan Dhan cross 5 cr accounts, banks collect over Rs 3500cr
Led by state-run banks, the system has opened over 5 crore accounts under the Jan Dhan scheme as of September 25 and the deposits collected through the scheme have crossed Rs 3,500 crore, Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu told the annual meeting of the Indo-American Chamber.
Post your opinion here
 
Banks have opened a whopping five crore accounts under the Jan Dhan scheme till September 25 and collected over Rs 3,500 crore in deposits, a top Finance Ministry official said here today.
Led by state-run banks, the system has opened over 5 crore accounts under the Jan Dhan scheme as of September 25 and the deposits collected through the scheme have crossed Rs 3,500 crore, Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu told the annual meeting of the Indo-American Chamber.
The average deposit per account through this scheme is Rs 800-900, he said. Giving a major push to the Aadhaar scheme, Sandhu said, all these accounts will be seeded to the Aadhar number and  will have biometrics to avoid the duplication.
The Jan Dhan scheme was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his Independence Day address and was formally launched on August 28. On the opening day itself, banks opened over 1.5 crore accounts. The government has set a target to open 7.5 crore such no-frills accounts by Republic Day next year.
Each of these accounts comes with Rs 5,000 overdraft facility and a Rs 1 lakh accident cover and are linked only to the RuPay cards.
RELATED NEWS

Shiv Sena lashes out at RPI(A) chief for allying with BJP4
0
Mumbai: Hitting out at Ramdas Athawale for isolating it by forging an alliance with BJP for the Maharashtra Assembly polls, Shiv Sena on Monday said the RPI(A) chief has "betrayed" dalits, whom he represents.
"Ramdas Athawale switched sides to make an alliance with the BJP only to grab the goodies offered to him in the form of a Central minister's position for himself, 10 per cent of the government control and some MLCs. By switching sides, he (Athawale) has betrayed the followers who trusted him," the Sena alleged in an editorial in party's mouthpiece Saamana.
Athawale should introspect whether his followers support the decision taken by him, it said. After the split of its 25-year-old alliance with Sena,
The BJP worked out a deal with Raju Shetty's Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Athawale's Republican Party of India, Vinayak Mete of the Shiv Sangram and Mahadeo Jankar's Rashtriya Samaj Party
#shiv sena #bjp #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #seat sharing
the BJP had last week managed to isolate the saffron outfit by cobbling up an alliance with all the smaller parties of the earlier 'Mahayuti'.
The BJP worked out a deal with Raju Shetty's Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Athawale's Republican Party of India, Vinayak Mete of the Shiv Sangram and Mahadeo Jankar's Rashtriya Samaj Party, who were given 31 of the total 288
seats for the October 15 Assembly polls.
The editorial said if BJP had been serious about giving respect to the followers of Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar, it would have agreed to the demands of Athawale long time back. "The BJP today is in power at the Centre and hence can give a ministerial berth to Athawale. But he, (Athawale) had been demanding a ministerial berth from a long time. The BJP did not think of giving respect to the followers of Ambedkar then by agreeing to his demands," it said.
The editorial further said that Athawale parted ways with the Sena without having the support of Ambedkar's followers.
"Today we did not have anything to offer you (Athawale). But we had given you our word, that you will be the Deputy CM of the state post elections. But you chose to leave us. But the support of the followers of Ambedkar remains with us," the editorial added.
0

Jammu and Kashmir government hopeful Centre will approve flood spill channel projectsSep 29, 2014 at 03:52pm IST
Jammu and Kashmir government hopeful Centre will approve flood spill channel projects
5
0
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir government on Monday expressed hope that the Centre will approve its Rs 2,200-crore project for construction of a second flood spill channel that will be able to handle the kind of water discharge witnessed during the recent floods which claimed more than 280 lives and destroyed property worth thousands of crores.
"I am sure the project costing Rs 2,200 crore will be sanctioned by the Government of India," state Chief Secretary Mohammad Iqbal Khandey told reporters here.
He said the project for construction of a second flood spill channel from Sangam in Anantnag district in south Kashmir to Wullar Lake in Bandipora district in north Kashmir was submitted to the Centre in 2007 and Rs 97 crore were released in 2010.
The official said the department will also study the effects of the railway track and construction of national highway through the Valley on the flow of flood water.
"There were some arguments back and forth but the project has not yet been sanctioned," he said.
Khandey said the Kashmir floods will be a classic case for study to prevent urban floods.
Secretary, Flood Control Department, Pawan Kotwal said the proposed second flood spill channel has the capacity to hold 1,20,000 cusec water that Jhelum river carried on September 6 which inundated large parts of the Valley.
"It is essential for the whole Valley to have a flood management project," Kotwal said, even as he admitted that encroachments on the banks of the river and illegal constructions were also responsible for the floods.
The official said the funds released by the Centre were used for dredging the existing flood channel, which enhanced its capacity by 9,000 cusec.
"We have also carried out dredging in River Jhelum downstream at Baramulla, increasing the capacity of the river there to 30,000 cusec. This saved the Baramulla town and surrounding areas from getting inundated," he added.
Kotwal said the department has sought help from National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) experts to study the cause of sudden rise for water level in river Jhelum.
"We have requested for satellite image data for studying the reasons for the rise of water level," he added.
Kotwal said the floods in Kashmir were the worst since 1902.
"The Valley was submerged for two months while Srinagar city was marooned for seven months. That year Jhelum was carrying 104,000 cusec of water."
The official said the department will also study the effects of the railway track and construction of national highway through the Valley on the flow of flood water.
"Railway and highway prevented the spread of flood water. We will study all this," he added.
4

Gujarat: Police arrest 140 people for religious clashes in Vadodara44
0
New Delhi: Police in Vadodara have arrested 140 people after two men were stabbed during violence between Hindus and Muslims that left more than a dozen injured and was triggered by an image posted on Facebook, officials said on Monday.
The violence in Gujarat coincides with a visit to the United States by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is set to meet President Barack Obama later on Monday on a trip emphasizing India's economic potential.
For almost a decade Modi was unwelcome in the United States after Washington revoked his visa in 2005 over accusations of religious intolerance stemming from riots three years earlier in Gujarat, when he was the state's chief minister.
Gujarat's government deployed riot police to control the clashes in Vadodara over the weekend and appealed to religious leaders to intervene to curb them.
#gujarat #gujarat police #facebook post #vadodara
Gujarat's government deployed riot police to control the clashes in Vadodara over the weekend and appealed to religious leaders to intervene to curb them. Mobile telephone Internet and bulk text messaging has been suspended for four days as a precautionary step.
"We arrested 140 people on Sunday evening after two men were stabbed," the city's police commissioner, E. Radhakrishnan, said. "The injured are under medical observation and those who have been arrested are being interrogated."
Trouble was sparked by an image widely distributed on social media website Facebook that some Muslims considered offensive to Islam, said a senior administration official in the city.
India has a dark history of religious violence, especially between the Hindu majority and Muslims, who account for more than 150 million people, making India the world's third most populous Muslim nation.
Modi contested the 2014 general election from Vadodara but gave up the seat in favour of Varanasi, the Hindu holy city in north India, from which he had also contested.
At least 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, died during a month of rioting in Gujarat in 2002. Critics say Modi did not do enough to stop the violence. Courts have found insufficient evidence to back that up.
A US nonprofit filed a civil lawsuit on Thursday, timed to embarrass Modi during his trip to New York and Washington and seeking compensatory and punitive damages for alleged crimes against humanity over the 2002 riots.
Modi's early training was in a movement that sees Indian culture as being primarily Hindu. Emboldened by his emphatic election victory in May, Hindu hardliners have been agitating across much of India against religious minorities.
The latest violence has marred celebrations of the Navratri festival that involves men and women in prayer, music and dance. It follows a campaign by radical Hindu groups to bar Muslims and other religious minorities from taking part in the traditionally tolerant festivities.
"The idea of banning Muslims from Hindu festivals has upset the minority but we are determined to keep the celebrations open to all," Radhakrishnan said, adding that tension had begun to ebb.
Police in Vadodara this month arrested a Muslim cleric who had labelled Navratri a "festival of demons".
45

BSE Sensex shares edge lower; ICICI Bank  other rate-sensitive stocks fall  exporters upE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahindra & Mahindra launches 110-cc scooter Gusto  prices start at Rs 43 000E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Singareni to open country s biggest undergro...Singareni Collieries to open country's biggest underground mine
By Reuters | 29 Sep, 2014, 04.22PM IST
Singareni Collieries will open the country's biggest underground mine next month with a capacity of 2.8 million tonnes per year.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Singareni Collieries will open the country's biggest underground mine next month with a capacity of 2.8 million tonnes per year, which should help the firm edge past its output target for this fiscal year.
Singareni's better-than-expected output will ensure sufficient supplies to south India-based power plants it caters to, at a time when the country is facing a severe shortage of coal. Nearly half of India's power plants have less than a week's stock of the fuel.
Singareni's output is just about 10 per cent of what Coal India, the world's largest miner, digs out. But its small size and focus on one state, Telangana, has helped it beat its production targets for years, unlike Coal India that has its mines across the country.
Sutirtha Bhattacharya , Singareni's chairman, said on Monday the company will be able to produce about 1-1.5 million this fiscal year from the new underground mine. Most of India's mines are easy-to-operate open cast pits.
The company expects to produce a total of 55 million tonnes in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, and 56 million the year after that. Its target for the current fiscal year was 54.5 million.
"We are the only company to provide more than 100 per cent of what we commit to our power customers," Bhattacharya said. "We also make up for others' deficits and help in lowering imports."
Most of the power plants with critical stocks are suffering from low levels of supply from Coal India, which is struggling to raise output as rains slowed activity in some mines.
Coal India fell short of its production target of 183.9 million tonnes for April-August by 8 million tonnes. The company fears it may not be able to meet its commitment of supplying 408 million tonnes to power firms this fiscal year.
The inability of Coal India - accounting for 80 per cent of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough has made India the world's third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Jayalalithaa moves Karnataka High Court seeking bailSep 29, 2014, 05.12 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Jayalalithaa moves Karnataka High Court seeking bail
Jaya's lawyers filed two petitions in the High Court. First, for suspension of punishment and the other seeking stay on state government's move to confiscate her properties.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jayalalithaa moves Karnataka High Court seeking bail
Jaya's lawyers filed two petitions in the High Court. First, for suspension of punishment and the other seeking stay on state government's move to confiscate her properties.
Post your opinion here
 
Jailed All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam chief J Jayalalithaa moved Karnataka High Court on Monday seeking bail in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
Jaya's lawyers filed two petitions in the High Court. First, for suspension of punishment and the other seeking stay on state government's move to confiscate her properties.
Along with her, close aide Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approach High Court; seek bail and challenge conviction in the corruption case.
All four were on Saturday convicted by a special court in Bangalore in the 18-year-old corruption case. The former CM has also been fined Rs 100 crore.
While she stepped down as the CM, she also stood disqualified to contest elections for a period of 10 years. Jaya loyalist O Panneerselvam will take oath as the new chief minister of Tamil Nadu on Monday.
The High Court is on Dasara holidays from September 29 to October six and the petition may be taken up tomorrow during a scheduled hearing by a vacation bench. Since the sentencing is for a period more than three years, only the High Court can grant bail in Jayalalithaa's case.
A stay on the conviction would nullify the disqualification of Jayalalithaa as MLA. Unless the conviction is overturned by a superior court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years -- four years when she is in jail and six years after release.
Jayalalithaa is presently lodged in the Parappana Agrahara central jail in Bangalore, as also three others.
(With inputs from PTI)

Riot police withdrawn from protest sites: Hong Kong govtSep 29, 2014, 04.17 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Riot police withdrawn from protest sites: Hong Kong govt
In a statement, a Hong Kong government spokesman also called on protesters to leave protest areas as peacefully as possible.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Riot police withdrawn from protest sites: Hong Kong govt
In a statement, a Hong Kong government spokesman also called on protesters to leave protest areas as peacefully as possible.
Post your opinion here
 
The Hong Kong government said on Monday it has withdrawn riot police from city streets after pro-democracy protests began to calm down.
In a statement, a Hong Kong government spokesman also called on protesters to leave protest areas as peacefully as possible.
Hong Kong police used pepper spray, tear gas and baton charges in an attempt to disperse thousands of pro-democracy protesters in the centre of the global financial hub at the weekend.
Protesters are angry at Beijing's plans to vet candidates for Hong Kong's 2017 leadership elections. They want a free choice of candidates when they cast their ballots for the chief executive.
RELATED NEWS

India s textiles  apparel exports to rise by 10 percent this yearIndia s textiles  apparel exports to rise by 10 percent this year
IDBI Bank closes flat; gets board approval for fund raisingIDBI Bank closes flat; gets board approval for fund raising
Panneerselvam: The symbol of hardcore loyaltyPanneerselvam: The symbol of hardcore loyalty
Kenshoo and Atlas Partner to Provide the Industry s Most Accurate Search Marketing Reporting and Predictive OptimizationKenshoo and Atlas Partner to Provide the Industry s Most Accurate Search Marketing Reporting and Predictive Optimization
Al Qaeda s Syria affiliate threatens revenge for US-led air attacksAl Qaeda s Syria affiliate threatens revenge for US-led air attacks
RXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at the 13th Annual BIO Investor ForumRXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at the 13th Annual BIO Investor Forum
RPT GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar "currency of choice"; Hong Kong unrest hits stocksRPT GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar "currency of choice"; Hong Kong unrest hits stocks
Mahindra Holidays ropes in Pidilite s Kavinder Singh as CEO & MDMahindra Holidays ropes in Pidilite s Kavinder Singh as CEO & MD
Indices close flat ahead of RBI policyIndices close flat ahead of RBI policy
Indo Borax & Chemicals: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 29, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indo Borax & Chemicals: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)
Indo Borax & Chemicals has informed that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indo Borax & Chemicals: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)
Indo Borax & Chemicals has informed that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Indo Borax & Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Balurghat Technologies: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 29, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Balurghat Technologies: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Balurghat Technologies has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Balurghat Technologies: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Balurghat Technologies has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Balurghat Technologies Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

PM Narendra Modi overshadowed Nawaz Sharif at UN: Pakistani daily60
1
Islamabad: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech at the United Nations General Assembly was everything his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif's was not, said a Pakistani daily on Monday.
An editorial "Modi at the UN" in the Daily Times said: "Modi continued his charm offensive in the west with a speech to the UN General Assembly that was everything Nawaz Sharif's was not."
Modi began with a quaint reference to India's ancient Vedic culture, a running theme in his speech.
The daily said that it is a credit to Modi's political acumen that he understands how important western public opinion is to shaping policy.
#narendra modi #modi meets america #nawaz sharif #unga address
He took the opportunity following this to rebut Nawaz Sharif's speech from the day before.
"He (Modi) was correct of course; the General Assembly is no longer a platform for serious discussion, it is a way for heads of state to build an image for their country and themselves," said the editorial.
It noted that Modi's speech, with its references to Indian spiritual traditions was "written for the US public to consume, while Sharif's bland, narrow focus was everything that western public feel is wrong with Pakistan - an obsession with India, desire for territory and a total lack of charisma and likeability".
It went on to say that the Indian Prime Minister's speech did not focus on Pakistan except by implication.
"Also not lost were his references to India's large population, a way to position India as a major global market...Climate change and poverty eradication, alongside terrorism, made up Modi's three main talking points."
The daily said that it is a credit to Modi's political acumen that he understands how important western public opinion is to shaping policy.
"India's insistence that Kashmir is a 'non-issue' bilaterally reflects Pakistan's continuance of supporting jihadi proxies to achieve strategic goals. Workable solutions exist and have been discussed but Kashmir remains unresolved, while Pakistan's support for proxies has cost it dearly in lives and money. Neither position is tenable but India's appears less so, partly because it de facto controls the territory."

Temple was washed after I visited it  says Bihar CM Jitan Ram ManjhiSep 29, 2014 at  12:47pm IST
Temple was washed after I visited it, says Bihar CM Jitan Ram Manjhi
64
3
Patna: Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi has alleged discrimination against Mahadalits as a temple in Madhubani was washed and purified after he visited it.
"A deep-rooted bias prevails against Mahadalits and those from the down-trodden sections of society....I have myself been a victim of caste bias," he said at a function to mark the birth centenary celebrations of former Chief Minister Bhola Paswan Shastri.
Manjhi visited the temple during the bypolls held in August.
#bihar #jitan ram manjhi #madhubani #madhubani temple
The Chief Minister said that he was not aware of the incident and it was narrated to him subsequently by Mines and Geology Minister Ram Lashan Ram Raman.
Manjhi said, "When it comes to getting their work done, the upper caste people don't mind even touching my feet despite knowing my background."
He said that the bias against Dalit people also prevails in the official machinery and hurdles are created in execution of work related to welfare of the weaker sections of the society.
Citing another example, Manjhi said that he was in the process of complying with a court directive to fill up 69 vacant seats for admission of SC/ST students in medical colleges of Bihar, but has found to his horror that officials were not inclined to obey his orders for relaxing norms in this regard on one pretext or another.
"We are like wounded soldiers of the society," the Chief Minister said ruing caste bias against the Dalits and Mahadalits.
The Lok Janshakti Party has condemned the incident. Party Vice President Chirag Paswan said, "If such an incident has happened, I condemn it. Chief Minister Jitan Manjhi should not politicise the issue. The Chief Minister should rise above this and concentrate on developments of Bihar."
(With additional information from PTI)
216

today s Financial TimesTech chiefs in plea over privacy damage
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9ab8ec2-3c09-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Car Lenders Resort To Frightening New Tacticcar lenders resort to frightening new tactic
Make in India  to be a Growth Driver: Chanda KochharYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
'Make in India' to be a Growth Driver: Chanda Kochhar
Published On:                  September 25, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 25 sec

Kotak MF Launches New Fund OfferYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Kotak MF Launches New Fund Offer
Published On:                  September 22, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 59 sec

You ve Got Mail: Will Yahoo Buy Rival AOLyou ve got mail: will yahoo buy rival aol
Putin Plays Chicken with U.S. and Russians Loseputin plays chicken with u.s. and russians lose
10 Social Media Mistakes That Could Be Hurting Your Brand10 Social Media Mistakes That Could Be Hurting Your Brand
 | By                                                                John Boitnott
reddit
As of January 2014, 74 percent of all Internet users were on social networking sites . In other words, your brand needs to be active on social media to reach a huge chunk of your potential fan base. However, if you make one little error, you could be hurting your brand's reputation. To make sure that you're getting the most out of social media, make sure to avoid the following 10 mistakes.
1. Giving the Wrong People Access
The main reason you're on social media is to share your voice with the world. So, how can you accomplish that if you're outsourcing your social media account activity? Worse yet, what if you had someone unqualified, like an intern, managing social media? Chances are that there are going to be a lot of mistakes , such as someone not fully understanding how to explain what you do. That's not saying you should never outsource your account activity. You can't be online every second of the day. Just remember to find the most qualified person or agency for the job and work together on strategy on an ongoing basis.
2. Getting Hacked
Security remains a major concern for anyone with a social media account. In 2013, for example, cyber-security firm Trustwave found that 318,000 Facebook accounts alone had been compromised. Having your social media account hacked can be disastrous since it can lead to getting your account suspended as well as loss of trust among followers.
To prevent your account from being hacked, make sure that you have a creative password, use a social media management tool, and only allow access to certain individuals. For more advice on how to protect your social profile, check these 7 tips from Hootsuite .
More from Inc.
-- Apple's iPhone 6 Is a Real Crowd Pleaser (Particularly If You're the Competition)
3. Getting Too Personal
Sharing your brand's personality is essential, since it can help you stand out from other brands and gives followers an idea of the people behind the logo. However, you don't want to get too personal with your social media profiles. Engaging in negative feedback (see Amy's Baking Company ) or sharing sensitive topics like politics, religion, etc. (see KitchenAid ), can harm you brand's reputation and turn off your followers.
4. Not Creating Original Content
"You want to establish yourself as an authority figure in your industry, as well as engage your audience. But you can't do that by rehashing the work of others," says strategist John Rampton . That's not to say that you can't share relevant infographics, videos or articles that have already been created. It just means you should be creating original content that is going to appeal to your specific audience. One of the world's top DJs, Skrillex , is a perfect example of someone who does this. When you're able to balance your original content with that of others, you'll improve traffic, reach new visitors, and continue to establish yourself as an industry leader.
5. Hashtag Highjacking
There's no doubt that you've used a hashtag here and there, and there's nothing wrong with that. Research has proven that images that include hashtags receive more likes than those without. However, you have to use hashtags with caution, especially when it comes to users hijacking your account. For example, there is the classic McDonald's "fail" when the fast food chain asked customers to share their #McDStories , which resulted in people telling horror stories instead of heartwarming childhood memories.
The easiest way to avoid this is by clearly defining your hashtag so that it will reach the right audience. Using generic keywords and hashtags can lead to the hashtag getting hijacked.
6. Paying for Fake Fans and Likes
While you may have to pay for ads to reach some of your audience, offering to pay money to boost your fan count and Likes is a horrible tactic that should be avoided. They add very little to your community since they won't be as engaged as real fans of your brand. Real fans are more willing to spread brand awareness as well as become brand advocates. It may seem like a great idea to boost the number of fans or retweets by purchasing them, but it can ultimately be detrimental to your brand .
7. Using Every Platform for the Sake of Using Them All
It's not a bad idea to be on multiple social media platforms, but you don't have to be on every single social network. For example, a law firm should have a LinkedIn and Facebook account, but does it need a Pinterest or Snapchat account? No. Do a little research and discover where your audience can be reached and stick mainly with those platforms. If you need some assistance, you can review this helpful article from HubSpot .
8. Spamming Your Followers
Sharing content or statuses on a frequent basis is an absolute must, but you don't want to overdo it. Eventually, followers will get tired of you flooding their social media accounts. So how often should you post to Facebook, Twitter, etc.? It's going to vary based on your following size, the network's own algorithms, and how active your followers are.
According to Buffer , here's a breakdown:
Twitter -- 14 times per day, from midnight to 10 p.m. Central Time, never more than once per hour. On weekends, 7 times per day, from 3 a.m. to 9 p.m., roughly every three hours.
Facebook -- 2 times per day, 7 days a week, at 10:08 a.m. and 3:04 p.m.
LinkedIn -- 1 time per day, 8:14 a.m., no weekends
Google+ -- 2 times per day, 9:03 a.m. and 7:04 p.m., no weekends
9. Not Using Management Tools
Managing all of your social media accounts can be a daunting and time-consuming process. This is when you can make use of social media management tools like Buffer, Hootsuite, SocialOomph or Sprout Social to schedule content, collaborate with team members, and monitor results. However, don't automate all of your updates. Followers will quickly decipher that you're not taking the time to actually engage and converse with them.
10. Not Tracking Activity With Website Traffic, Goals, and ROI
Are your updates reaching the right people? Are they effective in driving traffic? Are your efforts bringing some kind of return on the investment? Without consistently monitoring these things, how are you able to see the effectiveness of your campaigns? Use tools like Viralheat, Spredfast, Sysomos, Sprout Social, and UberVU to monitor your campaigns. Google Analytics is another great resource to accomplish this task. And Social Media Examiner has a guide to help track your ROI.
Also on HuffPost:

Apple Breaks Its Silence On Bendgate— CNBC Tech (@CNBCtech) September 25, 2014
"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare," Apple said in a statement to The Huffington Post. The company said that it performs "rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle," that include "3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user studies."
"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use," the statement said.
It's rare for the tight-lipped company to comment so quickly on an Internet bash-fest, Business Insider points out. "In the past, Apple would've ignored this," writes BI's Jay Yarow.
The statement sent to HuffPost is atypically lengthy, perhaps indicating that the company's been feeling under pressure this week. It hasn't been a great one for Apple -- its stock was down 3 percent on Thursday , one day after Apple pulled an update to its new mobile operating system that reportedly left some iPhone customers having problems making calls or using the phone's fingerprint sensor.
Meanwhile, "bendgate" continued to ripple through the Twitterverse. News of bending iPhone garnered loads of attention this week, thanks in part to a YouTube video showing a man using his bare hands to bend an iPhone 6 Plus. That video went viral, garnering over 20 million views in under 48 hours. Another person posted on a MacRumors forum that after a day of sitting and dancing, the iPhone actually bent in his or her pocket.
The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, which starts at $299 with a two-year contract, and $749 without, is Apple's first foray into the "phablet" market, called such because the device is so large it's part phone, part tablet.
Apple said it sold more than 10 million of its new iPhones in the first three days they were on sale, setting a record for the company.
Full statement from Apple:
Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength. They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry. We chose these high-quality materials and construction very carefully for their strength and durability. We also perform rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle including 3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user studies. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use.
With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus. As with any Apple product, if you have questions please contact Apple.
This post has been updated with additional information as well as Apple's statement.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

S&P has revised India`s credit outlook to stable; stay on short side: Sukhani27 September 2014
Saturday
One day gains in Nifty and Bank Nifty; market moves higher after S&P has revised India`s credit outlook to stable; stay on short side
Trend is down in Bank Nifty. Friday’s big gains give us an opportunity to add in our short position. CNX IT is consolidating at the top. A narrow trading range is now visible inside 11050 – 11250.
We have COPPER in METAL SECTION. We will discuss a trade in this instrument. We have FMCG in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidating inside a large range and trading very choppy. We should avoid buying in this sector. Stock in focus includes BHARATFORG, IBREALEST, IDEA and RECLTD. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Obama calls on Muslim world to confront violent extremismObama calls on Muslim world to confront ‘violent extremism’
By Geoff Dyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5a1c58-4400-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Harley Issues Recalls to Fix Clutches  Fuel TanksAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Why investors should care about investor Bill Grosss departureBy Jonnelle Marte September 26 Follow @jonnelle
Bill Gross, the co-founder of Pacific Investment Management Co., announced Friday that he was stepping down to join rival Janus. This comes after numerous clashes with board members and reports that the firm will be investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for the allegedly inflating bond prices. (Reuters)
Bill Gross, founder of Pacific Investment Management Co. and the manager of the largest bond mutual fund in the world, is stepping down.
Starting next week, Gross, who managed the $222 billion Pimco Total Return Bond fund, will run a new unconstrained bond fund at Janus Capital Group, which announced the move Friday. “After having spent considerable time serving in senior management, it is a time for me to reduce executive and people management responsibilities at a larger firm and focus on the pure aspects of portfolio management at a smaller one,” Gross said in a statement announcing the change.
The reasons for Gross’s departure are still unclear. Gross, who founded Pimco in 1971 and oversaw the firm as it grew to have more than $2 trillion in assets, has seen his reputation bruised in the past several months following the high profile departure of his second-in-command and former chief executive Mohamed El-Erian. Investors have also been fleeing his flagship bond fund after performance wavered, pulling $68.8 billion from the fund during 16 straight months of outflows that began last May, according to fund research firm Morningstar.
Earlier this week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the firm was being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for potentially inflating bond prices in the $3.6 billion Pimco Total Return ETF. And on Friday, reports emerged that other top leaders at Pimco were getting ready to fire Gross.
While the news was not a complete surprise for investors who had been watching the firm, the suddenness of the move– Gross is starting his new job on Monday– may still have implications for regular investors.
There’s a good chance you have exposure to Pimco. With more than $100 billion in defined contribution retirement plans, the Pimco Total Return Bond fund is the largest fund in the 401(k) marketplace, says Ryan Alfred, president  and chief operating officer of BrightScope, a company that tracks retirement plans. More than half of the 55,000 retirement plans offered the bond fund as of 2012, which is on the high end for a mutual fund, Alfred said. That means there’s a good chance investors could see some short-term volatility in their retirement accounts in the wake of the news.
But the key phrase there is short-term. While the departure of Gross and his No. 2 in the same year doesn’t bode well for the stability of the firm,  analysts say the leadership changes shouldn’t lead to an overnight change in the management and performance of Pimco’s funds. Gross was the top manager of the Pimco Total Return Bond fund, but he worked with a large team of analysts and managers who are likely staying on board after he leaves, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research for Morningstar. “This is obviously a sign that there are some serious issues at Pimco,” Kinnel says, “It’s not the end of the world.” Even if the new manager assigned to the fund takes a very different approach, it will likely be implemented gradually, Kinnel says.
His departure is enough to move markets– at least temporarily. Gross’s outlook on the bond market and the economy, expressed in colorful newsletters to investors, was often enough to move the bond market. The day he announced his move was not any different. Yields on 10-year Treasury notes  jumped temporarily to  2.55 percent from 2.50 percent immediately after his statement, sending bond prices down. (That may not seem like a lot, but it’s a big move in the bond market.) Some investors also sold off their Pimco stock funds, causing prices to slump. Market performance is likely to stabilize as investors adjust to the new leadership at Pimco and refocus their attention on other factors like the strength of the economy, Kinnel says.
It will be important to watch what happens next at Pimco, he adds. If a slew of other staff members  leave the firm, that could rock the performance of Pimco’s funds. But if management stabilizes, investors may stay put. Still, Morningstar said shortly after the announcement that it had placed all of Pimco’s funds “under review,” a designation that means it would re-evaluate the funds’ ratings. The research firm downgraded the bond company to a C following the departure earlier this year of El-Erian. While it is too soon for investors to know for sure if they should dump  their Pimco funds, it might be a good time to reassess their bond porfolios, Kinnel says. “But you have time to do it,” he says. “You don’t need to get out this second.”
Read more:

Chautalas invoke Devi Lal  INLD goes on offensive against CongressTesting time for us and people of Haryana: Ajay Chautala.
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:08 am
Its top leadership may have been convicted of corruption, but the shoulders are not exactly drooping in the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD). In fact, the party is in attack mode and using the convictions of party chief Om Prakash Chautala, his elder son Ajay Chautala and senior party leader Sher Singh Badhshami to take on the ruling Congress in the state.
The party has also launched a slogan, “Aapka har vote seedha Om Prakash Chautala ko”, to drive home the point that the senior Chautala may be down but not out.
Ajay Chautala, who was convicted of corruption along with his father, has gone a step ahead and released a letter of appeal to the people, invoking his grandfather Devi Lal. In the letter, Ajay, who is currently out of jail on medical grounds, said his and his father’s stay in jail was like Devi Lal’s imprisonment during the freedom struggle.
“Whenever Chaudhary Devi Lal faced a crisis in his political life, he went to the people of Haryana and sought justice. People of the state also ensured their full support to him and he continued serving them. Similarly, while following his footsteps, when Om Prakash Chautala took over as Chief Minister of Haryana from July 24, 1999 to March 4, 2005, he ensured basic amenities and employment to poor, farmers, labourers,” Ajay said in his letter.
“However, as part of a well-knit conspiracy, the present Congress government targeted Om Prakash Chautala and all those who were following the footsteps of Chaudhary Devi Lal and falsely implicated them in the JBT teachers recruitment case. This conspiracy has been exposed. Haryana Chief Minister’s repeated visits to the residence of the CBI chief is ample proof of it,” Ajay alleged in the letter.
INLD has announced that if voted to power, Om Prakash Chautala will be sworn in inside the jail as the Chief Minister. Although the law does not permit him to contest elections because of his conviction on corruption charges, the party claims Om Prakash Chautala can still be the Chief Minister for at least six months without contesting the polls.
In his letter, Ajay further wrote, “It has always been their strategy that whoever exposes Congress’s scams, the party hatches conspiracies and implicates such people in false criminal cases. We have always learnt to live in struggle. We are not going to accept defeat. Same as Chaudhary Devi Lal’s, each and every drop of our blood is dedicated to the people of Haryana. Following his (Devi Lal’s) footsteps, we are today standing on the path of struggle.”
“We shall always keep shouting Devi Lal’s ideologies, irrespective of the times we are pushed into Tihar jail. At the age of 80 years, when Om Prakash Chautala should have been among the people, he is languishing in jail for helping the people of the state. It is a continued…

Treat paid news as a poll offence: SampathSampath also stated that while the Commission’s control over a candidate’s spending is only after he files his nomination. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:22 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 10:11 am
Underlining the need for a well-defined legislation to govern the expenditure by political parties during elections, Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath on Sunday said paid news should be made an electoral offence that attracts disqualification so that it acts as a deterrent.
“If it is an electoral offence, it can eventually lead to the disqualification of the candidate. Whatever the difficulties of implementation, the very fact that if it is listed as an electoral offence, it would act as a deterrent against people using it in the elections,” Sampath said, speaking at a session organised by the Law Commission. He added that a recommendation in this regard has already been made to the Law ministry.
Elaborating on the subject, Sampath said that since paid news was currently not a poll offence, the only way Election Commission could check the menace was by adding the incriminating amount to the candidate’s poll expenses but even that was not fool-proof. “When they (candidates) file their expenditure returns, they always build a cushion for these kind of things. If Rs 40 lakh those days was the limit, invariably no candidate would file a return for more than Rs 25 lakh. That 15 lakh will be the cushion for this,” the CEC said.
Sampath also stated that while the Commission’s control over a candidate’s spending is only after he files his nomination, people make substantial election related expenses before that. “We have a case in Haryana, where a day before the filing of the nomination, a candidate organised a rally in which he was reported to have spent Rs 1.5 crore. Everybody, the whole world knows that he is the candidate. Somebody complains take action against him, you can’t… only from the day he files his nomination we can start looking at his expenditure,” the CEC said.
He added that while advertisements or paid news by political parties is one thing, advertisements given by government during this period “is also paid news”. He added that there are many complaints but “the reality is you really can’t do much about these things”.
Noting that all limits for poll expenditure are for candidates and none for political parties, Sampath said that the EC had seen political parties giving huge amounts of cash to candidates but when it is caught, they say that the money was not meant for the candidate but for him to distribute to others in his district or state.

Vista puts Misys on the blockVista puts Misys on the block
By Arash Massoudi in London and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87856ae4-4776-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Agri output may hit record low due to poor rainsAgricultural output may hit record low due to poor rains
Akash Vashishtha     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 10:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
India's agricultural output this year is expected to be lower than in recent years because of delayed and deficient rainfall and lesser sown area, the government has said.
Erratic rains and dry spells in several parts of the country have impacted the production of crops. Due to coverage of lesser area and low productivity, the production of most crops is expected to be lower than the record levels achieved last year, authorities have announced.
According to the first advance estimates for 2014-15, the production of kharif or winter crops is estimated to be about 120.27 million tonne (MT), which is lower by 8.97 MT from the record production of 129.24 MT achieved last year.
Among the major kharif crops, rice output is expected to be 88.02 MT, about 3.67 MT lower than last year's 91.69 MT, while the yield of coarse cereals is expected to be 27.05 MT, a decline of 4.48 MT compared to last year's 31.53 MT. The net sown area under coarse cereals declined by 18.56 lakh hectare.
The decline in area under tur and moong has hit the production of pulses, which are estimated at 5.20 MT, in contrast to the production of 6.02 MT last year, according to figures from the agriculture ministry.
Cotton output is also set to go down by 1.97 mn bales from last year's record of 36.59 mn bales. The area covered by kharif crops stands at 1,015.18 lakh hectares, a decline of 25.67 lakh hectares from last year's 1040.85 lakh hectares.
"These are only preliminary estimates and we have not taken into account the positives from the rainfall in September. We hope there is some improvement in the present condition," said a senior agriculture ministry official.
The northwest India meteorological sub-division, comprising food bowl states like Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana, is reeling under a rainfall deficit of 21 per cent. The central India, with 876.7 mm of rainfall between June 1 and September 22, recorded a deficit of 7 per cent while the south peninsula had 6 per cent deficient rains. The deficit in east and northeast India was 12 per cent.
The overall deficit for the northwest, however, was lowered with heavy rainfall in Jammu and Kashmir. The state recorded surplus rain of 15 per cent, to remain at 588.8 mm as against the normal of 510.7 mm.
According to the Met department, monsoon has already withdrawn from some parts of west Rajasthan and Kutch area and some parts of north Arabian Sea.
In association with Mail Today

Alibaba to venture into banking space in ChinaAlibaba gets permission to set up private bank in China
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 01.20PM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(Alibaba, which completed…)
BEIJING: China's e-commerce giant Alibaba, which completed the world's largest initial public offering ever this month, has won approval from authorities here to establish a private bank as it diversify into financial services.
Alibaba, through its subsidiary Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co, will hold 30 per cent of share capital of the new bank, the China Banking Regulatory Commission said.
Having its own commercial bank will afford Alibaba greater control over many of its key services, including online payment and wealth management products.
Alibaba is the latest company outside the financial sphere to win approval to start a bank in China. Beijing hopes private banks will help in its drive to open up the economy to more competition and get private capital to more parts of the economy.
Alibaba completed the biggest initial public offering ever this month by selling $25 billion of stock to investors keen to tap into the world's biggest pool of Internet users.
Shanghai JuneYao Group, the parent of Juneyao Airlines, also received regulatory approval to set up its own bank and will own a 30 per cent stake, according to the regulator.
The CBRC made public in March to create five privately owned banks focused on smaller businesses that have limited access to credit.
On July 25, the CBRC approved the establishment of three private banks, including Webank, funded by Chinese Internet giant Tencent.
Currently, China has only one private bank in service, China Minsheng Bank, which was founded in 1996 in Beijing.
Minsheng, listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong, is the country's first national bank founded by private capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Seven Ukrainian soldiers killed in rebel attack despite ceasefireA Ukrainian soldier stands guard at a road during prisoner exchange near the town of Donetsk, eastern Ukraine. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Kiev | Posted: September 29, 2014 2:59 pm
Seven Ukrainian soldiers were killed late on Sunday when a separatist shell hit their armoured personnel carrier near the main airport at Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, a military spokesman said on Monday.
It was the largest single number of Ukrainian soldiers killed since a fragile ceasefire came into force on Sept. 5.

Sensex ends day 29 pts down; Nifty above 7950Sensex, Nifty rangebound, Sun Pharma top gainer; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.18PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range on Monday, with gainers including names like TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow bank around its crucial psychological level of 7950.
Sun Pharma (up 2.5 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.86 per cent), BHEL (up 1.6 per cent), TCS (up 1.54 per cent) and Cipla (up 1.1 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
At 3:17 pm, the Sensex was at 26,602.11; down 24.21 points. The broader 50-share Nifty was at 7,958.80; down 10.05 points.
Technically, Nifty has taken support from its 50 DMA and closed comfortably above 7950 level. However, the index continues to trade below its short term moving averages which is likely to induce some amount of pressure at higher levels.
"The market breadth was quite encouraging and revival in midcap as well as small cap stocks indicates that Nifty may continue its upward journey in coming days," LKP said in a report.
"The index is likely to face resistance at 8050-8100 level in short term," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Financial Technologies & MCX: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 10:00 a.m.; Financial Technologies was trading 4.7 per cent higher at Rs 227 and MCX was up 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 794.45.
Federal Bank: Federal Bank has sanctioned a term loan of Rs 500 crore to Cochin International Airport Ltd (CIAL) for the construction of the new International terminal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 124.50.
KFA: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.2 per cent higher at Rs 1.95.
Oil India Ltd: Energy major Oil India said it is investing Rs 1,200 crore to revamp the pump stations of pipelines for carrying crude to refineries in Assam.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1 per cent lower at Rs 605.45.
ONGC: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 407.70.
IDBI Bank: IDBI Bank today said the board of directors has approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and also decided to infuse an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.96 per cent higher at Rs 63.25.
Deepak Fertilisers Ltd: In a bid to take control of the Vijay Mallaya's fertiliser firm MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers has sought support from MCFL's independent directors on its open offer saying that rival bidder Zuari's win will help "wilful defaulter" Mallya continue to head the firm.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 159.50.
DLF Ltd: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.10 per cent higher at Rs 162.30.
TD Power Systems Ltd: Share of Bengaluru-based TD Power rallied over 7 per cent in trade after the Reserve Bank of India allowed registered foreign portfolios investors to purchase up to 100 per cent of TD Power Systems under the Portfolio Investment Scheme.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.3 per cent higher at Rs 347.95.
FEATURED ARTICLES

"Unjustified and unsustainable" is how the bossWhy the NZ exchange rate is unjustified and unsustainable
Date 25 September 2014
The Reserve Bank considers the level of the exchange rate is unjustified and unsustainable, and that it is susceptible to a significant downward adjustment, Governor Graeme Wheeler said in a statement today .
Mr Wheeler said the Bank would welcome a move towards a more sustainable exchange rate level.
In today’s statement, Mr Wheeler said that, when assessing the implications of current strength or weakness in the New Zealand dollar, the Bank focuses on two broad concepts – whether the exchange rate is unjustified, and whether it is unsustainable.
The level of the exchange rate is unjustified when it is inconsistent with the economic factors that typically explain its movement during the business cycle.  It is unsustainable when it deviates from its long-run equilibrium level, where it would be expected to settle when business cycle factors have fully dissipated.
“The Bank’s analysis indicates that the real exchange rate is well above its sustainable level, and also above levels justified by short-term business cycle factors,” Mr Wheeler said.
“Unjustified and unsustainable are important considerations in assessing whether exchange rate intervention is feasible.  Another consideration is whether conditions in the foreign exchange markets are conducive to intervention having an impact on the exchange rate.
“The real exchange rate has not adjusted materially to the recent downward movement in commodity prices.  For example, global dairy prices have fallen by 45 percent since February 2014.  Despite this, in August, New Zealand’s real effective exchange rate was 1 percent higher than its February 2014 level.”
Mr Wheeler said that past experience suggests that, when the New Zealand dollar begins declining from an unjustified and unsustainable level, the ultimate adjustment can be large.
The statement released today discusses why the exchange rate has been strong, why the Reserve Bank believes the level of the exchange rate is ‘unjustified and unsustainable’, and the impact of the high exchange rate on the broader economy.  It also looks at episodes of exchange rate correction in New Zealand, and draws possible implications for future exchange rate adjustment.
Media Contact:
Mike Hannah, Head of Communications
Ph 04 471 3671, 021 497 418, mike.hannah@rbnz.govt.nz
Sign up for RBNZ email service
The Reserve Bank’s email Service is a free service that allows you to get the latest information from the Reserve Bank. Subscribers will be emailed Monetary Policy Statement news releases, OCR announcements and other public statements as they are posted on the website.

company s chief executive quitBalfour Beatty boss quits after profit warning
Balfour said profits in its UK construction unit would be lower than expected
Balfour Beatty to axe three UK sites
Balfour Beatty chief executive Andrew McNaughton has quit "with immediate effect" at the same time as the firm issued a profit warning for 2014.
The UK's largest building firm said it expected a shortfall in its UK construction unit, meaning 2014 group pre-tax profits would be "significantly lower" than expected.
Balfour said group profits would now be between £145-£160m.
It said most other parts of the firm were trading in line with expectations.
Balfour said it had appointed current chairman Steve Marshall as executive chairman until it had found a successor for Mr McNaughton.
Last Updated at 21 Nov 2014, 11:25 *Chart shows local time
price
+
+1.06
The group said profits in its UK construction business would be £30m lower than it had expected in March.
The firm said it had taken longer than expected to improve operational issues.
It also blamed continuing "adverse market conditions" in its mechanical and electrical engineering division as well as "further costs increases and delays" in its major building projects division.
'Strategic review'
Balfour Beatty said it now planned to carry out a strategic review in a bid to simplify its structure and "create a more focused group".
As part of the review, it plans a possible sale of its consulting business Parsons Brinckerhoff, but said it would only sell it if it provided "attractive shareholder value".
"Having professional services and construction capabilities combined within one organisation has not delivered material competitive advantage for the group," Balfour Beatty said in a statement.
"Therefore, we are examining how best to realise the substantial value of the Parsons Brinckerhoff business."
Mr Marshall said: "Today's trading update is once again disappointing. The board is committed to rapidly addressing the root causes."
Kevin Cammack, an analyst at Cenkos Securities, told the BBC that he felt "a degree of sympathy" for Mr McNaughton, who had been in post for just over a year.
"He's obviously taking the fall for the succession of downgrades there have been under his tenure," Mr Cammack said. "The board has obviously had enough of a disappointing market, someone's got to go, and it's the chief executive."
Some of the operational problems with the business predate Mr McNaughton's appointment, he said.
In addition, Mr McNaughton may have objected to the possible sale of Parsons Brinckerhoff, Mr Cammack said.
Balfour Beatty shares dropped almost 20% during early trading on Tuesday.
The drop reflects an effective 20% cut in earnings, and market fears over the effect on dividends, Mr Cammack added.
More on This Story

George Osborne will announceGeorge Osborne proposes two year benefits freeze
George Osborne MP: "This freeze will save £3bn a year"
Analysis: PM frames election choice
A future Conservative government would freeze benefits paid to people of working age for two years, Chancellor George Osborne has told the Conservative Party conference.
Mr Osborne said the proposed freeze, which would not include pensions, disability benefits and maternity pay, would save £3bn.
It would come into effect in 2016, if the Tories win the next election.
Labour said Mr Osborne was standing up "for the very wealthiest few".
About 10 million households would be affected, roughly half of which are working, the Treasury said.
Extra savings
In his speech to the conference, Mr Osborne said the welfare freeze would be "a serious contribution to reduce the deficit".
The chancellor also pledged to scrap the 55% tax rate on inherited pension funds.
And he said he would "put a stop" to the "extraordinary lengths" to which he said some technology companies went in order to avoid paying tax.
"If you abuse our tax system, you abuse the trust of the British people," he said.
"And my message to those companies is clear. We will put a stop to it. Low taxes, but low taxes that are paid."
Details of the measure will be announced in the Autumn Statement in December.
Also announced on the second day of the Conservative conference was a plan to give welfare claimants pre-paid benefit cards that cannot be used for alcohol, drugs or gambling.
The cards were unveiled by Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith, who said they would help families break a "cycle of poverty".
'Dangerously high'
In his speech, Mr Osborne said an extra £25bn of permanent savings would be needed to eliminate the UK's deficit.
He told delegates: "The option of taxing your way out of a deficit no longer exists, if it ever did."
Britain had the fastest-growing economy of any developed nation, the chancellor said, but he was not "marvelling" at what had been done.
"We here resolve that we will finish the job that we have started," he said, saying Britain's national debt was still "dangerously high".
Analysis: Nick Robinson, BBC political editor
There is nothing George Osborne likes more than making twin pack announcements designed to make him look tough but fair.
So it is that he has just announced that a future Conservative government would freeze benefits paid to people of working age for two years at the same time as what will quickly become known as the "Google Tax" - a crackdown on what accountants and tax lawyers call the double Irish arrangement - a tax avoidance strategy that multinational corporations use to lower their corporate tax liability first used by Apple.
Mark Easton on who will be affected
Mr Osborne said it was a "dangerous fallacy" that the link between economic prosperity and people's personal finances had been broken.
He reaffirmed the government's determination to press ahead with the HS2 rail link between London, the Midlands and the North, and said that on issues like this, deciding on a future runway for the South East of England and developing shale gas fracking, Britain faced a choice to "decide or decline".
The welfare freeze would include Jobseeker's Allowance, Income Support, Child Tax Credit and Working Tax Credit, Child Benefit and Employment Support Allowance, paid to those judged capable of work.
Tax credits
The £3bn saving is part of £12bn in welfare reductions previously floated by the chancellor. He also said there would be £13bn of Whitehall savings, which will include public sector pay restraint.
A Liberal Democrat source said the party had "consistently blocked" Conservative plans to freeze working-age benefits, and described the measure as a "crowd-pleasing punch line for a conference speech".
For Labour, Chris Leslie, shadow chief secretary to the Treasury, said Mr Osborne had "failed to balance the books in this Parliament".
Mr Leslie said: "He is choosing to give the richest one per cent a £3bn-a-year tax cut and opposing a mansion tax while cutting tax credits which make work pay for millions of striving families.
"While working people have seen their wages fall by £1,600 a year since 2010, the Tories have once again shown they are the party of a privileged few at the top."
UKIP spokesman Patrick O'Flynn MEP said Mr Osborne should have raised the inheritance tax threshold and said "millions of middle earners" paying 40% income tax would feel the government was "not on their side".
Business minister Matthew Hancock is pushed on the number of people who would be affected by a benefits freeze
The 55% pension tax currently applies to untouched "defined contribution" pots left by those aged 75 or over, and to pensions from which money has already been withdrawn.
Inheritors will now only pay the marginal income tax rate, or no tax at all if the deceased was under 75 and the pension is left untouched.
The Treasury predicts the new policy will cost approximately £150m per year.
The idea was first floated in July, when a consultation was launched.
Analysis: Simon Gompertz , BBC personal finance correspondent
The end of the 55% tax charge will be a significant gain for some.
But the question Mr Osborne will have to answer is whether he is creating a way for better-off savers to escape tax.
They will have an incentive to use money stored in bank accounts and investments before dipping into the pension pot.
The reason? The pension will become a way of protecting up to £1.25m from some or all tax after death.
Those on lower incomes, who can't save much, and need the money during retirement, have not been in danger of paying the 55% and are unlikely to benefit from its removal.
Some experts say the Osborne reforms turn pension saving on its head.
The point used to be to spread your income over your lifetime.
In future, pensions could become a method of preserving savings beyond the grave.
The government estimates that the scrapping of the 55% rate is likely to affect 320,000 people. It is the latest in a string of changes to pension regulations introduced by George Osborne.
In March's Budget, the chancellor announced that pensioners would have the freedom to cash in as much or as little of their pension pot as they wanted, removing the need to buy an annuity.
The latest measure will apply to all inherited pensions received from April 2015.
'Extremely concerned'
The beneficiaries of anyone who dies before that date may also benefit from the tax cut, if payment is delayed until after the new policy comes into effect.
It says 12 million Britons have some form of defined contributions pensions saving.
Spouses and financially dependent children under the age of 23 are already exempt from the 55% tax, but the new policy introduces the following changes:
When the deceased is 75 or over, beneficiaries will only have to pay their marginal income tax rate, and only when they take money out of the pension. There will be no restrictions on how much of the fund can be withdrawn at any one time.
Tax-free access to the pension pot of those who die under 75, to any beneficiary, including if the pension is already in "drawdown", meaning income has been drawn from the fund while it is still being invested.
Commenting on Mr Osborne's speech, the Chartered Institute of Housing said it was "extremely concerned" by the benefit freeze proposal, and the Child Poverty Action Group said it was "bad news for working parents struggling on low wages".
TUC General Secretary Frances O'Grady said it put working families "at greater danger of destitution if they become sick or lose their job", while Friends of the Earth criticised Mr Osborne for "promising more roads, more airports and more fracking".
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett accused Mr Osborne of "an attack on the vulnerable".
But John Cridland, director general of the CBI business group, said Mr Osborne should be "credited for sticking to his guns on deficit reduction", saying this had to include welfare.
He said businesses would be "buoyed" by commitments to invest in infrastructure.
The Taxpayers' Alliance said freezing welfare was a "necessary step" but that "much more" was needed on deficit reduction.
More on This Story

Global Stocks Mixed as Hong Kong Protests ExpandAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Lloyds sacks eight over Libor probeLloyds dismisses eight staff over Libor
Lloyds is still 25% owned by the government
Lloyds Banking Group has dismissed eight staff members following an investigation into the manipulation of some key interest rates set in London.
The move follows the bank's £218m fine in July  for "serious misconduct" over the setting of Libor.
Chair Lord Blackwell said the actions of those responsible for the misconduct were "completely unacceptable".
Lloyds, which is 24.9% owned by the government, said the individuals had also forfeited £3m in unpaid bonuses.
The bank said its remuneration committee would now ensure the outcome of the disciplinary process was "fully and fairly reflected" in other staff bonus payments.
Regulators found that Lloyds manipulated the London interbank offered rate (Libor) for yen and sterling and tried to rig the rate for yen, sterling and the US dollar.
It was also found to have manipulated submissions for another short-term rate linked to the value of UK government debt.
Explaining the Libor scandal
'Highest integrity'
Lloyds said Monday's disciplinary action followed July's fine by the UK-based Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and a US-based trading commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
However, it said it had been unable to take disciplinary action against " a number of individuals" who had already left the bank before the settlements.
Lloyds Banking Group chief executive Antonio Horta-Osorio said the bank was committed to preventing this type of behaviour happening again.
"We are determined to make Lloyds Banking Group a company of the highest integrity and standards," he added.
In July, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said the attempted manipulation was "highly reprehensible" and could lead to criminal action against those involved.
Lloyds also said it had shared the outcome of its disciplinary process with City regulator the Financial Conduct Authority and other relevant authorities.
'Fix it higher'
In July, the US trading commission said the "unlawful conduct" of Lloyds had "undermined the integrity" of Libor.
It said Lloyds had acted to benefit its trading positions and protect its reputation by manipulating the rate when it was in the process of buying HBOS during the financial crisis.
The commission also released a transcript detailing examples of requests to manipulate the sterling and US dollar Libor rate.
They included an employee from Lloyds telling their counterpart at HBOS: "Oh mate, I always have loads of loans going out at the end of the month so I always try to fix it higher".
The trader added: "They keep calling it lower... I can't work out why it is going down all the time... I will leave it at 67 and I won't go any lower, right?"
A sterling submitter at HBOS responded with: "Yeah".
More on This Story

Why You Shouldn t Trust Facebook Posts About  Amazing  Relationshipsreddit
Sorry about this, but there's a new study out that will probably make those who are already unsure about their relationships feel even worse.
People in relationships post more about their significant other on Facebook on days when they feel "more insecure about their partner's feelings" than normal, according to a study published recently in the academic journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin.
A group of researchers led by Lydia Emery, a Ph.D. student at Northwestern University, surveyed 108 straight couples at a small university in Canada. The scientists asked each partner to keep their own daily diary for two weeks, writing down how they felt their relationship was going every day. Then they looked at how each participant publicly interacted with their sweetheart on Facebook, tallying up any wall posts, status updates and photo comments made between the couple. The research team saw an uptick in interactions when one partner felt down about his or her relationship.
Things may or may not be going well between Rihanna and my colleague Maxwell.
In recent years, there's been a flurry of research examining how romance blossoms and wilts on Facebook, perhaps because people are worried that the social network is ruining romance . It's true that Facebook has so much information on you that its data scientists can predict with scary accuracy whether or not your relationship is a fling or the real deal .
So why do people post more about their partners when they feel like things are rocky? To validate themselves in front of their friends? To remind their partner that they exist?
[ h/t Science of Us ]
More:

Singareni Collieries to open underground mine in OctoberHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Singareni Collieries to open underground mine in October
Reuters
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept. 29:  
India's second-largest coal producer Singareni Collieries will open the country's biggest underground mine next month with a capacity of 2.8 million tonnes per year, which should help the firm edge past its output target for this fiscal year.
Singareni's better-than-expected output will ensure sufficient supplies to south India-based power plants it caters to, at a time when the country is facing a severe shortage of coal. Nearly half of India's power plants have less than a week's stock of the fuel.
Singareni's output is just about 10 per cent of what Coal India, the world's largest miner, digs out. But its small size and focus on one state, Telangana, has helped it beat its production targets for years, unlike Coal India that has its mines across the country.
Sutirtha Bhattacharya, Singareni's chairman, told Reuters on Monday the company will be able to produce about 1-1.5 million this fiscal year from the new underground mine. Most of India's mines are easy-to-operate open cast pits.
The company expects to produce a total of 55 million tonnes in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, and 56 million the year after that. Its target for the current fiscal year was 54.5 million.
"We are the only company to provide more than 100 per cent of what we commit to our power customers," Bhattacharya said. "We also make up for others' deficits and help in lowering imports."
Most of the power plants with critical stocks are suffering from low levels of supply from Coal India, which is struggling to raise output as rains slowed activity in some mines.
Coal India fell short of its production target of 183.9 million tonnes for April-August by 8 million tonnes. The company fears it may not be able to meet its commitment of supplying 408 million tonnes to power firms this fiscal year.
The inability of Coal India - accounting for 80 per cent of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough has made India the world's third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

EBRD keen to work with Indian companies  says Managing Director PulitiEBRD keen to work with Indian companies, says Managing Director Puliti
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 29:  
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is keen to work closely with Indian companies and assist them in their investments abroad, Riccardo Puliti, Managing Director, has said.
As a motor for change in central and eastern Europe and an expert on transition to the open market, EBRD is now well positioned to guide Indian companies' looking to invest in any of its 65 member countries.
"The main purpose of my visit here is to increase awareness about EBRD and highlight the investment opportunities with the EBRD for Indian companies looking to expand abroad or enter new markets in our member countries," Puliti told BusinessLine after an interactive session with SREI and Assocham in the capital on Monday.
Financial investments
EBRD is open to providing financial investments — debt, mezzanine and equity products — for projects in its member countries.
EBRD is also ready to share the extensive knowledge it had on its member countries and guide investors informally, Nandita Parshad, Director, EBRD, said.
As many as 65 countries have shareholding in EBRD, but India is not a shareholder of this bank.
Currently, EBRD has no operations within India. But as many as ten Indian companies had already availed themselves of EBRD's assistance for their overseas ventures.
As for India becoming a shareholder of this bank, Nandita Parshad said it was a "political decision" and entirely up to the Indian Government to take a call on this matter.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Become entrepreneurs not merely employees: NaiduSunrise Startup Village, the technology research and innovation park promoted by the Andhra Pradesh Government and Startup Village, Kochi, was inaugurated by Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu in Visakhapatnam on Monday. KR DEEPAK
Visakhapatnam, Sept. 29:  
Students should aim at becoming entrepreneurs rather than hunting for jobs in big companies, said Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu hereon Monday after inaugurating a technology park.
He was interacting with students after inaugurating the Technology Research and Innovation Park – Sunrise Start-up -- powered by the AP Government and the Start-up Village. Citing the example of Bill Gates, he said students should make all efforts to develop the creativity within themselves. He the Government was keen on encouraging creative minds and it was trying to create a start-up eco-system.
In the first phase, 17,000 square feet is going to be thrown open for industries at the Sunrise Start-up on Hill 3 in Rushikonda IT Park. Provisionally four companies have been allocated space in the incubation area and another 10 companies have been allocated space in the Incubation Centre.
The 10 companies, including Trigeo Technologies Pvt Ltd, Tessolve, Avvas Infotech Pvt Ltd, Sinofic, Logic Planet, Lampex Electronics Ltd, Naina Power Pvt Ltd, Inspired IT Solutions Ltd, Epace Tecnologies and Objectone Information System, are aiming at creating direct employment to 6,000 professionals and to bring in investment of over Rs 200 crore.
Earlier, the students had a an interaction session with Executive Vice-Chairman of Infosys Kris Gopalakrishnan.
The distinction between services and products is getting blurred, and what is being considered a product is soon becoming a service in the Information and Communication Technology sector, Gopalakrishnan told aspiring student entrepreneurs.
He explained the essence of entrepreneurship to students and the importance of the facility provided by the start-up village. Students with an idea can come to the Sunrise Startup and get it incubated and once it is developed into a product, they can move out and set up their own enterprise.
When asked why Indian IT majors were not looking at technology start-ups and accelerators, Gopalakrishnan pointed out that companies like Microsoft or Google promote start-ups and technology accelerators to promote development of applications and services using their platforms whereas Indian IT majors were not into product development.
Recalling his experience when he set up Infotech, founder and Executive Chairman of Cyient BV R Mohan Reddy said that the aspiring entrepreneurs have an advantage of getting access to facilities provided by the the Sunrise Start-up. The facility is the best thing that could happen to aspiring entrepreneurs, it would create an IT incubator eco-system in Visakhapatnam, he said.
The Startup Village would invite IT professionals and successful entrepreneurs to interact with the students and aspiring entrepreneurs and mentor them, chief executive officer Startup Village Pranav Kumar Suresh said.
IT advisor to Government of AP J Satyanarayana, Secretary IT Sanjay Jaju, chairman Startup Village Sanjay Vijaykumar and president of Indian Innovators Association AS Rao interacted with the students from Andhra University, GITAM University and other engineering colleges in the region.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Russia warns Ukraine  EU over free-trade pactRussia warns Ukraine, EU over free-trade pact
Reuters
Tweet
MOSCOW, Sept 29:  
Russia issued a new warning on Monday that it would retaliate if the European Union or Ukraine push ahead with moves to implement a free-trade agreement.
Kiev and Brussels agreed this month to delay implementation of the agreement until Dec. 31, 2015 after Russia threatened to impose import tariffs on Ukrainian goods if it went ahead.
Russia says its economy would be hurt by the free trade deal because it would allow Ukraine to export cheaper European goods to Russia, undercutting local products.
RIA news agency quoted Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying Russia was "ready to take measures in response if (implementation of the agreement) is carried out in violation of previously reached agreements."
He gave no details any possible measures.
Russia and the European Union are at loggerheads over Ukraine, where a Moscow-backed president was ousted in February following street protests, three months after he suspended the same pact and said he would boost ties with Russia instead.
Russia annexed the Ukrainian territory of Crimea after his replacement by a pro-European government in Kiev, and the West accuses Moscow of supporting pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine's east with weapons and troops. Moscow denies doing so.
The EU hopes that delaying the free-trade pact will give it time to assuage Russian concerns about it. Russia has said it wants three-way negotiations on amending the accord.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena minister Anant Geete to quit Union Cabinet: ThackerayUnion Minister for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Anant Geete
Mumbai, Sept 29:  
Anant Geete, Shiv Sena’s lone member in the Union Cabinet, will resign, party chief Uddhav Thackeray said here today, four days after the split in the saffron alliance.
“After Prime Minister Narendra Modi returns from the US, Geete will go to him and submit his resignation,” he said.
Sena sources said the party was also likely to quit NDA.
Uddhav’s announcement followed estranged cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray riling him at a poll rally here yesterday for the Sena “sticking to” power in Delhi despite breaking up with BJP.
Raj had said that Uddhav should immediately ask Geete to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to Shiv Sena.
Attacking BJP for ending its 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Sena, Raj had said that had party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive he would have ended the association a month ago.
Sena, ruling NDA’s second largest constituent with 18 Lok Sabha MPs, was upset over poor representation it got in the Modi government as well as Geete’s heavy industries portfolio, which it considered light weight. Geete, a sixth-time MP from Raigad in Konkan, had taken charge of the ministry after a delay of several days.
In the NDA government in 1999 headed by Atal Behari Vajpayee, the Sena had three Cabinet Ministers despite having fewer MPs. In 2002, it even bagged the coveted post of Lok Sabha speaker for senior leader Manohar Joshi.
Geete, however, said that he has not been given any instruction so far and therefore the question of his resigning does not arise.
“This is false news as I have not been given any instruction so far. So how does the question of my resignation arise,” said the Union Minister, who is at present in Mumbai.
He said any reports of his resignation are not true and noted that Sena contested the Lok Sabha polls as part of the NDA.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Lyka Labs sells Tarapur manufacturing unit for Rs 38.6 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Honeywell licences Talin navigation system to Tata Power unitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nadella visits India development centre in HyderabadNadella visits India development centre in Hyderabad
K Rajani Kanth | Hyderabad Sep 29, 2014 04:00 PM IST
Microsoft chief executive officer, Satya Nandella, on Monday visited the Microsoft India Development Centre (MSIDC) in Hyderabad, the IT giant's largest research and development centre outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US.
Nadella's maiden visit to his home town, Hyderabad, after assuming the top position at Microsoft in February 2014, was kept highly secretive by the company officials as well as the state government authorities.
A Microsoft official told Business Standard that Nadella visited MSIDC, located at Gachibowli, today morning, addressed its employees and shared with them his vision for the future. The official, however, declined to share further information stating that 'it was completely an internal affair'.
Microsoft India (R&D) Private Limited, a subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation, set up MSIDC in Hyderabad in 1998. MSIDC, which employs over 3,500 professional, is a part of Microsoft's strategy of global shared development where teams across geographies collaborate to build software and services.
An alumni of the almost nine-decade-old Hyderabad Public School (HPS), Nadella is the son of former Indian Administrative Service officer B N Yugandhar. Though visiting HPS and meeting his classmates today was initially on Nadella's agenda, HPS sources informed that he made up his mind in the last moment. "Nadella said that he will visit the school sometime during this December," the sources said, quoting Phani Kondepudi, Nadella's batchmate and also his colleague in the US.
The Microsoft CEO, after landing at the Begumpet Airport on Sunday, paid a half-an-hour courtesy visit to Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhara Rao. He, however, couldn't meet Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu, as the latter was in Visakhapatnam to inaugurate a 20,000-sft incubation centre there.
According to Nadella's India itinerary, he will fly to Mumbai today to chair a jury and select the winners of ET Awards for Corporate Excellence 2014, before visiting New Delhi on September 30 to participate in Nasscom's 10,000 Startups, and another programme focused on digital technologies.

New York diaries: Modi off-recordPrime Minister Narendra Modi greeted with a garland by Member of House of Representatives Tulsi Gabbard during a meeting in New York on Sunday.
Written by Ritu Sarin | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:36 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 6:45 pm
PM, off-record
Washington-based Indian journalists were pleasantly surprised on Saturday after being informed that the Prime Minister would meet them for an off-record interaction at the New York Palace Hotel. The group of 11 journalists was asked to leave behind phones, notebooks and pens, and to not use anything they heard in any form of writing. But word is out that during the interaction, the PM himself asked many questions — and admitted that he disliked being confronted by microphone-wielding TV journalists.
Tulsi’s Gita
A copy of the Gita is the Prime Minister’s preferred gift to counterparts and esteemed interlocutors, but on Saturday, it was his turn to receive one. Tulsi Gabbard, Democratic Congresswoman from Hawaii and the only practising Hindu member of the United States Congress, presented Modi with the Gita, along with a garland made of Tulsi flowers and albums of Krishna meditation music.
Muted at Times
Supporters of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi shout slogans as they watch a live stream on a screen in Times Square of Modi’s speech from Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
While virtually no seat in Madison Square Gardens remained unoccupied, the video of the show beamed on giant screens at Times Square was a bit of a damp squib. There was no audio for one; also, the Square was packed with tourists and shoppers who had no interest in the Indian political show. Some Pakistanis living in New York, however, stopped to watch, and said they were impressed with the Indian Prime Minister.
Visa victory
A group of 30 Sikhs from the USA and Canada who met Modi at his hotel on Saturday have been claiming credit for the announcements he made subsequently on easing travel and visa restrictions. These were precisely the issues they had discussed, they are saying. “I certainly think our demands on these issues had an immediate effect. But we also told him to do something about bringing the culprits of the 1984 riots to book and to stop persecution of Sikhs in the name of riots cases,” Mahinder Singh, one of those who met Modi, said.

Kavita  widow of 26/11 hero Hemant Karkare  ...Kavita Karkare, widow of 26/11 hero Hemant Karkare, dead
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 04.24PM IST
Tags:
Akash
(Kavita Karkare, widow of…)
MUMBAI: Kavita Karkare, wife of the late Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad chief Hemant Karkare who was killed in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, died at a city hospital today after suffering brain hemorrhage.
"Kavita Karkare has been declared brain dead on Monday morning," a statement from P D Hinduja Hospital and Medical Research Center, where she was undergoing treatment, said.
Kavita (57) was admitted to the hospital on Saturday after she suffered brain hemorrhage. Later she slipped into coma.
Her children -- two daughters and a son -- had consented to donate her organs to needy persons, the statement from the hospital said.
Kavita has been vocal about the security lapses that she feels facilitated the terror attack and contributed to the death of her husband in an ambush by terrorists in south Mumbai on the night of November 26, 2008.
She had also been demanding better weapons, training and facilities for police personnel after her husband's killing.
Her husband was killed by terrorists near Mumbai's Cama Hospital , along with Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte and senior police inspector Vijay Salaskar on the fateful night.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra & Mahindra launches 110-cc scooter ...MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), which is yet to make a mark in the two-wheeler space, today launched a new 110-cc scooter 'Gusto' as the homegrown auto major seeks to challenge the supremacy of Japan's Honda in the domestic market.
Gusto, priced Rs 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto's Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
The scooter will be available in the western and northern markets of the country to begin with.
'Gusto' has been developed as a global scooter at the company's R&D facility in Pune. It is the first product developed independently by the company after it acquired Kinetic six years back.
"This is the company's first ground-up scooter developed entirely in-house. With the Gusto, we are committed to further consolidating our two-wheeler business," said M&M President (Automotive Division) Pawan Goenka at the launch.
Highlighting its features, M&M Two-wheeler Division Head Rajesh Jejurikar claimed Gusto is the first scooter in India to have a height adjustable seat.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

In Five Hours  PM Modi Will Meet 17 Top American CEOsYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Has Breakfast with CEOs, Will Dine with Obama
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 19:04 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
In his first engagement of the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is meeting CEOs of 11 top US companies over breakfast. Among those present are Google's Eric Schmidt and PepsiCo's Indira Nooyi.
Among other business leaders at the table are David M. Rubenstein of the Carlyle Group, Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat, Doug Oberhelman of Caterpillar Inc, Michael Ball of US-based global pharmaceutical company Hospira Inc and Kenneth C. Frazier of Merck and Co. (Read: Why PM Modi is meeting global CEOs in US )
Breakfast will be followed by one-on-one meetings of 15 to 20 minutes each with six other CEOs - W. James (Jim) McNerney Jr, chairman of Boeing; Laurence D. Fink, CEO of American multinational investment management firm Black Rock; Ginni Rometty, president and CEO of IBM; Jeffrey R. Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric; Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs, and Henry Kravis, CEO of American private equity fund Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co (KKR).
At all these meetings, the Prime Minister is expected to hard sell India as the best investment destination in Asia. India needs huge investment to drive its manufacturing sector, which is the biggest job creator.
The new Modi government has vowed to increase the share of the manufacturing sector to 25 per cent of the GDP from 15 per cent currently. For this, the sector needs to grow at 10 per cent annually. Hours before he left for the US last week, Prime Minister Modi launched the ambitious "Make in India" campaign, where he promised red carpet treatment for investors minus the red tape that has come to be associated with doing business in India. (Read: US investors warm up to PM Modi, but want quick reforms, tax clarity )
On Sunday, at a packed Madison Square Garden in New York, the Prime Minister repeated that promise and vowed to repeal archaic laws and make investing easier in the country.
PM Modi has had a long experience of negotiating with top business leaders and as Gujarat's Chief Minister, he made the "Vibrant Gujarat" investors summit a successful brand.
Officials said he does not need anyone to help him with business talk and does it with great confidence and elan. On a trip to Japan last month too PM Modi engaged deeply in business talk - placing the needs of investment before CEOs clearly, promising all help, and getting firm answers, officials added.
The "Vibrant Gujarat" biennial event was launched in 2003. It has grown in the last 12 years to emerge as "a global business hub" and has established Gujarat as a major investment destination. Next year's summit, to be held in January, is being billed as the "Davos of the East".
(With agency inputs)
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 17:48 (IST)

Swiss govt in talks to resolve labelling issuesSwiss govt in talks to resolve labelling issues
Abhishek Law
Linus Von Castelmur, Ambassador of Switzerland to India and Bhutan, delivering his speech at an interactive session organised by Confederation of Indian Industry in Kolkata on Monday. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Sept 29:  
The Swiss Government is looking to soon resolve the issues arising out of new labelling guidelines in India.
Issued by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), the nodal agency under the Health Ministry, the new rules mention that the labels on shipped imported packaged food items must list the ingredients used and the nutritional value in English, along with the producer’s name, address and the country of origin in the prescribed format.
As per the Food Safety and Standards Act of 2006 that came into force in 2011, pasting of stickers on products is also not allowed.
According to Linus Von Castelmur, Ambassador of Switzerland in India, the new labelling norms will impact imports from Switzerland, including chocolates.
“We are in talks and are working on that (new labelling norms)… We hope that we can find a solution soon,” he told reporters on the sidelines of a seminar organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

12 killed in worst east Ukraine shelling in aweekSmoke rises after shelling near the town of Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Keiv | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:06 pm
East Ukraine has suffered the worst violence in more than a week, as fighting between pro-Russian rebels and government troops in the region killed at least 12 people and wounded 32.
Col Andriy Lysenko told journalists in a briefing in Kiev today that at least nine servicemen had been killed in the last day and 27 had been wounded.
The city council of Donetsk said in a statement published online that at least three civilians were killed and five wounded in overnight shelling of a residential area in the north, where fighting has centered on the government-held airport.
Violence has continued despite a cease-fire declared on September 5. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has been at pains to prove to a skeptical audience at home that his peace plan is working.
Since fighting began in April, the conflict has claimed at least 3,500 lives. Last week, representatives of Russia, Ukraine, and the rebels signed another agreement that would require both sides to remove all heavy artillery from the frontline, creating a buffer zone that would allow the cease-fire to be better enforced.

RSS worker facing murder case places turban on Rajnath SinghsheadBJP spokesman V V Rajesh said that the party cannot keep Santhosh away from the function on the ground that he was facing a murder case. (Source: IE photo)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:04 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 7:23 pm
An RSS worker, who is an accused in the murder of a CPI (M) activist, placed a turban on the head of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit here on Saturday.
While BJP said there was nothing unusual in the incident, CPI (M) alleged that it showed even a ‘murderer’ could go near the Union Home Minister.  Congress leader and State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala observed that there was no security lapse, but it was up to the person who wears the turban.
RSS worker T Santhosh approached Singh who was about to get into a car after visiting Padmanabhaswamy temple here and placed the turban Singh’s head.
BJP spokesman V V Rajesh, who was present on the occasion, said Santhosh is an RSS leader in charge of that region. ‘He came with a turban to be presented to the minister, who, in turn, gave the consent. It all lasted only for three minutes. We are all familiar with Santhosh. The party cannot keep Santhosh away from the function on the ground that he was facing a murder case,’ said Rajesh.
BJP state president V Muraleedharan said there was nothing unusual in Santhosh presenting a turban to the union minister. “This is not a serious issue. He was not convicted and until the outcome of the final appeal in the Supreme Court, we cannot say he is a murder. The party does not think that a probe into the issue is necessary.”
The BJP state president said several CPI (M) leaders, including politburo members Pinarayi Vijayan and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, have faced murder charges. They all had shared dais with various ministers earlier. Former chief minister E K Nayanar used to boast about his involvement in the death of a policeman during an agitation,’’ said Muraleedharan.
Home Minister Chennithala said there was no security lapse on the part of Kerala police. The NSG was in charge of the security of the minister. The RSS leader placed the turban on the minister’s head because the latter had allowed that act. It was up to the minister (Singh) to decide who should place the turban on his head,’’ said Chennithala.
CPI (M) legislator V Shivankutty said Santhosh is the first accused in the murder of young CPI (M) activist Vishnu in 2008. BJP has allowed the ‘murderer’ to place the turban on the minister’s heard. The incident showed any murderer could get near a union minister when the BJP is in power.

Sensex ends lower in volatile trade ahead of RBI policyreviewPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:41 pm
In volatile trade, the benchmark Sensex today fell about 29 points as participants adopted a cautious stance ahead of the RBI policy review on Tuesday.
Profit-booking and a weakening rupee that depreciated 47 paise against the dollar to 61.58 intra-day also weighed on the stock market sentiment, equity brokers said.
The BSE Sensex after commencing on a higher note, continued to rise and touched intra-day high of 26,715.77. However, off-loading of positions by participants and profit-booking in select counters pushed it back to close at 26,597.11, down 29.21 points, or 0.11 per cent. Intra-day, it had touched the day’s low of 26,518.01.
The Sensex gained 157.96 points on Friday after S&P raised India’s outlook to stable from negative.
In the 30-share Sensex today, 21 closed with losses, while nine others ended higher. Interest rate sensitive stocks such as ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, HDFC and Axis Bank edged lower ahead of RBI policy outcome.
On similar lines, the 50-share NSE index Nifty after moving both ways, ended 9.95 points, or 0.12 per cent down at 7,958.90. It shuttled between 7,991.75 and 7,934.70 intra-day.
Sentiments turned weak as funds and investors were seen trimming their positions ahead of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) monetary policy review tomorrow.
The weakness in rupee against US dollar, helped IT stocks to close in positive zone. Shares of TCS surged 3.17 per cent, Wipro up 1.18 per cent and Infosys gained 1.90 per cent.
Overall trading was tepid in this holiday-shortened week ahead as markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra respectively.
Major losers, which dragged down the indices were Bajaj Auto, Coal India, Dr Reddy, Hero Moto, Maruti Suzuki, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, Tata Power and Tata Steel.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal sector index suffered the most by plunging 1.11 per cent, followed by FMCG index (0.92 per cent), Banking index (0.91 per cent), Auto index (0.44 per cent), Oil & Gas (0.37 per cent), Realty index (0.25 per cent) and Capital Goods index (0.24 per cent).
Asian stocks ended mixed. European markets were weak in early trade as a measure of euro-area economic confidence declined.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,133.64 crore last Friday.

Jayas conviction: 16 persons commitsuicidePrint
AIADMK) party workers cry after a verdict was handed down to party leader and Tamil Nadu state Chief Minister Jayaram Jayalalitha as a court in Bangalore found her guilty of possessing wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income, in Chennai. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:39 pm
At least 16 persons are believed to have committed suicide either by setting themselves ablaze or by hanging since Saturday when AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa was sentenced to a four-year jail term in the disproportionate assets case by a Special Court in Bangalore.
Police said while a AIADMK worker S Venkatesan (65) died in hospital after he set himself ablaze by pouring kerosene, three others hanged themselves while another jumped before a speeding bus.
Ten persons are believed to have suffered cardiac arrest, apparently unable to come to terms with the verdict, while one person died of shock, they said.
Those who allegedly committed suicide also included two Class XII students who set themselves ablaze in Tiruppur.
Police were tight-lipped on the number of such incidents across the state and claimed that some could be due to personal problems.

Xiaomi & Meizu offer tough competition to iP...But the grey market for the new iPhones has already dried up, even though they will not officially go on sale in China for a few weeks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Paul Mozur and Shanshan Wang
HONG KONG: When Apple's latest iPhones went on sale this month in Hong Kong, Singapore and New York , among the hip urbanites and tech-obsessed was another group clamoring for the devices: Chinese scalpers looking to make a premium by flipping the phones to smugglers.
But the grey market for the new iPhones has already dried up, even though they will not officially go on sale in China for a few weeks, at the earliest.
Wholesalers who helped orchestrate the smuggling of tens of thousands of the phones into the country are now slashing prices to move inventory. At an electronics market in central Beijing, one retailer was recently selling the low-end iPhone 6 and 6 Plus for 6,500 renminbi to 8,800 renminbi ($1,060 to $1,436), down from 12,000 renminbi to 15,000 renminbi ($1,960 to $2,450) just after the release.
"Stocks of the iPhone 6 are way too high right now," said one wholesaler of smuggled iPhones in Beijing's northwestern tech hub Zhongguancun.
The smugglers' experience represents the new reality for Apple in China.
Four years ago, the iPhone 4 was a status symbol, with the black market booming before the product was officially introduced. Today, the iPhone is simply one option among many, as local companies like Xiaomi and Meizu Technology rival Apple in terms of coolness while charging less than half the price.

BSE tweaks minimum base capital rules for br...You are here: Home > Collections > Bse
BSE tweaks minimum base capital rules for brokers
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 04.47PM IST
Tags:
algo trade
(In the initial phase, the…)
NEW DELHI: The BSE has tweaked the Base Minimum Capital (BMC) norms for brokers, a move that will ensure that the deposits are maintained with the exchange and not with the clearing corporation.
The Base Minimum Capital (BMC) is the deposit maintained by the member of a stock exchange against which no exposure for trades is allowed.
It is meant for meeting contingencies in any segment of the exchange and commensurate with the risks that the broker may bring to the system.
"...all deposits towards BMC will be required to be maintained with exchange," BSE said in a circular.
Currently, the BMC is blocked from the collaterals maintained with BSE's clearing corporation, ICCL, (Indian Clearing Corporation Limited (ICCL).
"The Exchange (BSE), with ICCL, has initiated the process of segregating and taking over the collateral towards BMC from the collaterals maintained with ICCL," it added.
In the initial phase, the cash equivalent component of BMC collateral, to the extent possible, will be segregated from the collateral deposits maintained with ICCL and kept separately with the exchange.
Any shortfall in BMC collateral taken over by the exchange would be blocked from the collateral deposits of trading member maintained with ICCL.
The BSE said trading members would be intimated on the collaterals that have been taken over from ICCL towards BMC.
Brokers have been asked to ensure that at the time of renewals of fixed deposits (FDs) and bank guarantees (BGs) given as collateral to the clearing corporation, such amounts (to the extent of the shortfall) are deposited with the exchange.
"Trading Members, whose shortfall in BMC is blocked from the collateral deposits maintained with ICCL, shall ensure at the time of renewing their bank guarantees, fixed deposits with BGs/ FDs with ICCL or depositing additional collaterals with ICCL, that FDs/ BGs to the extent of such shortfall is drawn in favour of the BSE and deposited with the exchange," the BSE said.
"Such Trading Members can also voluntarily deposit FDs/ BGs with BSE towards BMC and to that extent the BMC will not be blocked at ICCL," it added.
According to norms, stock brokers or trading members should maintain a minimum capital of Rs 10 lakh in case of trading of securities are done through their own money rather than customer's without using Algo trade .
In 2013, capital market regulator Sebi has increased the base minimum capital (BMC) deposit for stock brokers to up to Rs 50 lakh, from a maximum of Rs 10 lakh earlier, especially the ones dealing with algorithmic trading (algo), in order to mitigate risks in the market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI credit policy unlikely to have any impact on markets: Gujral("The credit policy I do not…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com, shares his views on markets . Excerpts:
ET Now: Do defensives keep on seeing the strength over the course of the next few days, the reason I am asking this question to you because I also heard you mention that Bank Nifty could also be a long despite the fact that there is a credit policy tomorrow?
Ashwani Gujral: Yes but the credit policy I do not think there is much expected out there and we are already corrected to the 50-day moving average. See the point is we had a large rally on Friday. Now, today all day long we tried to fall and we really could not fall below 7950. So if this continues and we are able to find support, then this market becomes a buy on dip market with a stop around 7850. So chances are whenever these narrow range days resolve, they should resolve on the upside and maybe you could have a rally all the way back up to 8150 because this remains a bull market. So maybe CNX IT and pharma will just kind of support the market because it appears that the downside immediately maybe over and then 200-300 point upswing is likely from here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

<a href="/markets/stocks/news/sp-essentially-playing-catch-up-chances-of-rating-upgrade-in-next-12-18-months-highly-unlikely-clsa/articleshow/43794370.cms" target="_blank"><b>No S&P impact! Sensex target unchanged @ 30000</b></a>S&P has little impact; analysts keep Sensex target unchanged @ 30K
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Rating agencies have been…)
NEW DELHI: Global rating agency Standard and Poor's might have raised the outlook for India's 'BBB-minus' rating to 'stable' from 'negative', but analysts on the Dalal Street still maintain their year-end target for the Sensex at around 30,000, and 8500-8600 for the Nifty. The market, however, did not wait for the S&P action. The Sensex has already rallied over 26 per cent so far in the year 2014, supported by robust FII flows (over $30 billion YTD).
Image 1
"While the rating action is incrementally positive as the rating has remained investment grade, it is unlikely to have a major impact on the market," Motilal Oswal said in a report.
"Meanwhile, a variety of other factors, including stability of INR and reduced risk premium, improvement in investor sentiments and signs of improvement in economic indicators, are already driving the financial market," added the report.
In the past, rating agencies have been blamed for their failure to take timely rating action and opaque procedure that does not link credit actions to preset quantitative targets. This has been displayed both during the downcycle and the upcycle.
"I would still stick to my year-end Sensex projection of 30,000. There will be a lot of resistance at that point. So the markets will be quite volatile," said Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV.
"Apart from that, there is a slight risk of investors being wary of pumping money when such a critical point is hit," he added.
Image 2
The S&P outlook upgrade means that the country risk premium for India will eventually reduce once the actual upgrades come in and hence the Indian markets will look cheaper due to the lower discount rates.
"It will attract more FDI/FII money going forward as the outlook upgrade will give higher valuations to all Indian assets. But the big fillip will come only after an actual rating upgrade," said Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt.
"We have not revised our year-end targets for both the Sensex & the Nifty. Our one year target is approximately the same at 34000 by March 2015," he added. Gupta said that he had already accounted for some favorable factors given the trend towards better fundamentals.
All the three main rating agencies now have India's sovereign credit rating at one notch above junk grade and with a stable outlook.
Expectations from the newly-elected Modi government remain sky high despite some recent setback in terms of delay in the gas price hike, coal block de-allocation etc.
"Equities, INR and bonds understandably reacted positively to S&P's revision last week, but this is at best a kneejerk reaction," CLSA said in a report. The government will come through with some reforms, but a sovereign credit rating upgrade over the next 12-18 months is highly unlikely.
"The combination of a mere cyclical improvement and incremental reforms is unlikely to turn on rating agencies," added the CLSA report.
However, India will attract more FDI post outlook upgrade as it will boost confidence among investors and positively impact India's business image. New initiatives like 'Make in India' and Modi's recent visit to Japan and the US can also act as a new boost for investor confidence.
"Rating up gradation from S&P will definitely boost the confidence of retail investors and for the year-end, we expect the target for the Nifty around 8500-8600 and for the Sensex around 29700-30000," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This week critical for Street: 10 stocks that can return upto 9% in 4-5 sessionsSMC:
1) Power Finance Corporation: Target set at Rs 262
The stock closed at 246.15 on 26th September 2014. It made a 52-week low at Rs 120.10 on 29th October 2013 and a 52-week high at 344.75 on 09thJune 2014. The 200 days Exponential Moving Average (EMA) of the stock on the daily chart is currently at 232.25.
In the last week also with the gain in index it also reversed sharply by forming reversal bar on the charts with volumes. Therefore, one can buy in the range of 243-245 levels for the upside target of 260-262 levels with SL of 232.
Analyst Name: Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd
2) L&T Ltd: BUY in NSE cash above 1481 with stop loss of 1431, target of 1531, 1561
L&T bounced back on last day of this week's trading and formed bullish engulfing candle on daily charts signalling a trend reversal from the correction of the earlier few days. Now if it crosses the resistance level of 1481, it can show upside movement, where traders can initiate long position above 1481 with stop loss of 1431 and upside targets of 1531,1561.
3) Biocon: Buy in NSE cash above 500 with stop loss of 486, target of 514,524
The stock is accumulating below the psychological resistance level of 500 after showing correction recently. It is likely to move upwards with the crossing of this resistance mark. One may take long position in the stock above the level of 500 for the targets of 514 and 524 respectively. Strong support is placed at 486, which will act as stop loss for the stock.
4) HCL Technologies: Buy HCL Technologies in NSE Cash above 1735 with stop loss of 1694 and a target of Rs 1788,1818
HCL Technologies recently registered its all-time high of 1735 and now it is consolidating near to the same. The stock is sustaining below the falling trend line on the short term charts with the resistance mark of 1735. A breakout above its resistance mark may continue its bull run in upcoming sessions.
Traders can get targets of 1788 and 1818 in the stock. Stock takes support at 1694 which acts as technical stop loss for the stock.
5) Arind Ltd: BUY IN NSE CASH ABOVE 300.25 WITH SL OF 286 TGT 315,325
The stock was showing correction since past few sessions and now it forming reversal pattern on the short-term charts. It is expected to continue its primary bullish trend if it crosses its resistance mark of 300.25 in upcoming sessions, where traders can get targets of 315 and 325 in the stock while the technical stop loss for the stock is at 286.
Analyst Name: Abhijit Tambe, Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities

Democracy protests rile Hong Kong stocksU.S. stock futures lower; protests rile Hong Kong stocks
By: Kim Hjelmgaard September 29, 2014 2:27 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
U.S. stock futures were lower in pre-market trading Monday as Hong Kong stocks saw steep declines — down around 2% — amid concerns over democracy rising protests
The protests drew a tough response from police who declared them “illegal” and used tear gas after pepper spray and warnings of greater force failed to disperse demonstrators trying to join a sit-in outside the government headquarters.
Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index fell 449.20 points to 23,229.21. Asian stock markets were mixed elsewhere as Japan’s Nikkei 225 index rose 0.5% to 16,310.64.
European shares were trading lower as Britain’s FTSE index slipped 0.2% and Germany’s DAX index dropped 0.5%.
The Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq were all off around 0.6% ahead of the bell.
Investors are hoping calm returns to the markets this week after last week’s volatile ride. Stocks rallied Friday   as traders reacted to news of the fastest economic growth since 2011 as the final reading on gross domestic product for the second quarter was revised up to 4.6% from the previous estimate of 4.2%.
Contributing: Calum MacLeod in Beijing.

Coalgate: Was the Rs 295/tonne penalty unfairSep 29, 2014, 04.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coalgate: Was the Rs 295/tonne penalty unfair?
As the dust over the Coalgate verdict settles, and as companies held guilty of making a windfall gain out of captive mining assess the penalties they will have to pay as prescribed by the Supreme Court, questions are rising over whether the Rs 295 per tonne amount was fair.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coalgate: Was the Rs 295/tonne penalty unfair?
As the dust over the Coalgate verdict settles, and as companies held guilty of making a windfall gain out of captive mining assess the penalties they will have to pay as prescribed by the Supreme Court, questions are rising over whether the Rs 295 per tonne amount was fair.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
As the dust over the Coalgate verdict settles, and as companies held guilty of making a windfall gain out of captive mining assess the penalties they will have to pay as prescribed by the Supreme Court, questions are rising over whether the Rs 295 per tonne amount was fair.
Last week, the Supreme Court decided to de-allocate all but four coal blocks that were given away to public as well as private companies between 1993 and 2012, as well as imposed a fine for every tonne of coal mined over the period.
The rationale of the verdict was drawn from primarily from the report submitted by the then Comptroller and Auditor General who said that companies were given these blocks free of cost -- and that they would have made “windfall gains” by making use of the coal for their end uses.
In India, commercial mining of coal is disallowed though in the face of supply failing to keep up with demand, the government in 1993 -- in an ad-hoc manner, and without due competitive bidding process -- decided to start allocating coal blocks to power, steel and cement companies (who could then use the coal mined for their own purposes).
The CAG had arrived at a figure of Rs 295 by using the average sale price of Coal India (Rs 1028) and its average manufacturing cost (Rs 733) per tonne during fiscal year 2011-12.
Companies have thus criticized the figure as unfair and say it cannot be used to assess “windfall gains” made during a 20-year period.
For instance, the difference between cost between sale and cost price has not remained the same over the entire duration. The Coal India realization in 2007 stood at Rs 750 per tonne. Even adjusting the cost price lower for inflation, the amount of “windfall gain” would have been surely lower.
The second criticism by companies affected by the verdict is that it is flawed to equate Coal India’s profits with what they have made.
Even in its verdict, the Supreme Court had referred to this when it said that one of the defence of the coal block operators was that: “The coal extracted from the blocks allotted are of an inferior quality and the sale price thereof is much lower than the average sale price of CIL; since CIL has economically viable mines compared to the mines allocated to the private sector, which lack infrastructure and have several other problems.”
The court, however, did not elaborate upon what it thought of this point when it passed the verdict.
RELATED NEWS

Bharatiya Global Infomedia: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 05.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharatiya Global Infomedia: Outcome of AGM
Bharatiya Global Infomedia has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bharatiya Global Infomedia: Outcome of AGM
Bharatiya Global Infomedia has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bharatiya Global Infomedia Ltd has informed BSE that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Noida Toll Bridge Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 29, 2014, 05.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Noida Toll Bridge Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Noida Toll Bridge Company has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Noida Toll Bridge Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Noida Toll Bridge Company has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hong Kong democracy protestors tear-gassedProtesters stay out on Hong Kong streets, defying Beijing
By By James Pomfret and Charlie Zhu | Reuters –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014
Print
By James Pomfret and Charlie Zhu
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets in the early hours on Tuesday, maintaining pressure on China as it faces one of its biggest political challenges since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
Riot police had largely withdrawn and there were none of the clashes, tear gas and baton charges that had erupted over the weekend. As tensions eased, some exhausted demonstrators slept on roadsides while others sang songs or chanted slogans.
One young police officer relaxed in a chair and played on his mobile phone as thousands of demonstrators milled in the streets nearby, some singing and dancing.
Asked why there were so few police, he replied: "Actually, I don't have a reason for you. But we are tired. We are all human beings so we need a rest."
The protesters, mostly students, are demanding full democracy and have called on the city's leader Leung Chun-ying to step down after Beijing last month announced a plan to limit 2017 elections for Hong Kong's leader, known as the Chief Executive, to a handful of candidates loyal to Beijing.
China rules Hong Kong under a "one country, two systems" formula that accords the former British colony a degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China, with universal suffrage set as an eventual goal.
Communist Party leaders worry that calls for democracy could spread to the mainland, and have been aggressively censoring news and social media comments about the Hong Kong demonstrations.
The outside world has looked on warily, concerned that the clashes could spread and trigger a much harsher crackdown.
"The United States urges the Hong Kong authorities to exercise restraint and for protesters to express their views peacefully," White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a daily briefing on Monday.
The demonstrations, labeled "illegal" by China's Communist-run government in Beijing, are the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule over the territory in 1997.
At their height, white clouds of tear gas wafted among some of the world's most valuable office towers and shopping malls, before riot police suddenly withdrew around lunchtime on Monday.
As tensions subsided, weary protesters dozed or sheltered from the sun beneath umbrellas, which have become a symbol of what some are calling the "umbrella revolution".
In addition to protection from the elements, umbrellas have been used as flimsy shields against pepper spray.
Organizers said that as many as 80,000 people thronged the streets after the protests flared up on Friday night. No independent estimate of numbers was available.
On Monday and early Tuesday, protesters massed in at least four of Hong Kong's busiest areas, including Admiralty, where Hong Kong's government is headquartered, the Central business district, Causeway Bay, known for its shopping, and the densely populated Mong Kok district in Kowloon.
"I must stress that the events happening now cannot be attributed to the students or Occupy Central. It has evolved into a civil movement," said leader of the Hong Kong Federation of Students, Alex Chow.
INTERNATIONAL CONCERN
The movement puts Beijing's ruling Communist Party in a difficult position. Cracking down too hard could shake confidence in market-driven Hong Kong, while not reacting firmly enough could embolden dissidents on the mainland.
The protests are expected to escalate on Oct. 1, China's National Day holiday, with residents of the nearby former Portuguese enclave of Macau planning a rally.
Pro-democracy supporters from other countries are also expected to protest, potentially causing further embarrassment.
Televised scenes of the chaos in Hong Kong over the weekend have already made a deep impression outside the financial hub.
That was especially the case in Taiwan, which has full democracy but is considered by China as a renegade province that must one day be reunited with the Communist-run mainland.
Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou said Beijing needed "to listen carefully to the demands of the Hong Kong people".
Britain said it was concerned about the situation and called for the right of protest to be protected.
Earlier, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Beijing was "resolutely opposed to any country attempting in any way to support such illegal activities like 'Occupy Central'."
"We are fully confident in the long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong, because I believe this is in keeping with the interests of all the people in China, the region and the world," she said.
In 1989, Beijing's Tiananmen crackdown sent shockwaves through Hong Kong as people saw how far China's rulers would go to keep their grip on power.
SOME BANKS PULL DOWN SHUTTERS
Banks in Hong Kong, including HSBC , Citigroup , Bank of China <601988.SS>, Standard Chartered and DBS , shut some branches and advised staff to work from home or go to secondary branches.
While the financial fallout from the turmoil has been limited so far, Hong Kong shares <.HSI> ended down 1.9 percent on Monday.
About 200 workers at Swire Beverage, a unit of Hong Kong conglomerate Swire Pacific <0019.HK> and a major bottler for the Coca-Cola Company , went on strike in support of the protesters, a union representative said. They also demanded the city's leader step down.
The protests have spooked tourists, with arrivals from China down sharply ahead of this week's National Day holidays. Hong Kong on Monday canceled the city's fireworks display over the harbor, meant to mark the holiday. The United States, Australia and Singapore issued travel alerts.
In Kowloon, across the harbor from Central district, tens of thousands of people packed the streets with no police in sight. The protesters were highly organized, with supply stations stacked with water bottles, fruit, biscuits, chocolate bars and other food.
(Additional reporting by Donny Kwok, Elzio Barreto, Clare Baldwin; Venus Wu, Yimou Lee, Diana Chan, Kinling Lo, Twinnie Siu, Bobby Yip, Lisa Jucca, Greg Torode, Umesh Desai, Saikat Chatterjee, Twinnie Siu and Stefanie McIntyre in HONG KONG; Writing by John Ruwitch and Anne-Marie Roantree; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
Recommend

CRISIL downgrades JSPL`s long-term bank facilities to `AA-/Stable`CRISIL downgrades JSPL`s long-term bank facilities to `AA-/Stable`
Morning Walk  Newspapers  Idli: Here s How Jayalalithaa Spends her Day in BangalMorning Walk  Newspapers  Idli: Here s How Jayalalithaa Spends her Day in Bangal
Huawei Honor 6 with Octa-Core SoC launched at Rs. 19 999Huawei Honor 6 with Octa-Core SoC launched at Rs. 19 999
Exide Life Insurance launches Say Yes to Healthy Heart campaign on World Heart DayExide Life Insurance launches Say Yes to Healthy Heart campaign on World Heart Day
Be active in cleanliness drive: Sukhbir tells PunjabisBe active in cleanliness drive: Sukhbir tells Punjabis
Bahrain Eases Visa PolicyBahrain Eases Visa Policy
Modi to woo America s top CEOs  meet Obama for quiet dinner todayModi to woo America s top CEOs  meet Obama for quiet dinner today
DB Realty: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 29, 2014, 05.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
DB Realty: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
D B Realty has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 27, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DB Realty: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
D B Realty has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 27, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
D B Realty Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 27, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Osborne to set out plans to cut welfareOsborne sets out plans to curb welfare bill
By George Parker and Jim Pickard in Birmingham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e4851b66-47af-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Where can you still get a job with a pensionBy Jonnelle Marte September 5 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr user Simon Cunningham used under Creative Commons license)
About one in four large employers still offer some sort of pension to new hires, according to a study released Thursday.
That may sound like a fair amount of companies, especially at a time when most people starting new jobs only hear of pensions as a thing of the past. But a closer look at the numbers from professional services company Towers Watson  shows that companies are still scaling back the generosity of what they offer.
For starters, fewer companies are still offering pensions, with the share of Fortune 500 companies that provide them to new hires falling to 24 percent at the end of 2013 from 60 percent in 1998.
Alan Glickstein, a senior retirement consultant at Towers Watson, says the drop in the number of employers offering pensions is stabilizing. “There’s a move away from pensions, that’s nothing new,” he says. “But the move is slowing.”
The most common type of defined benefit plan offered to new hires is a hybrid pension, which is a combination of 401(k) plan and a cash balance fund and is typically less generous than a traditional pension. Fourteen percent of the companies studied offered hybrid plans in 2013, unchanged from the previous year.
Only 7 percent of employers studied offer new employees traditional pensions, which pay out a certain amount at retirement based on a worker’s pay and how long they stayed with a company.
So where can you still get a job with a pension? The plans are more prevalent in some industries versus others. For instance, defined benefit plans are still offered by most large insurance and utility companies, according to Towers Watson. But the plans are nonexistent among aerospace, construction and tourism companies, which only offer defined contribution plans, such as a 401(k) plan.
Utilities companies may have been able to preserve their retirement plans because they tend to be heavily unionized, Glickstein says. Some employers may be using pensions and other defined benefit plans to encourage people to retire at a good time, since the nature of the work can be physically demanding, he adds. Utilities companies may also have an easier time passing along pension costs to customers than companies in other industries, where pricing needs to be more competitive.
As for insurance companies, many of them are mutually owned by policy holders, Glickstein says, which means they don’t have to report their pension costs to shareholders and may have more control over the perks they are able to offer. All of the Fortune 500 companies studied offered defined contribution plans to employees.
Read more:
The anti-retirement plan: Working 9-to-5 past 65
 
Jonnelle Marte is a reporter covering personal finance. She was previously a writer for MarketWatch and the Wall Street Journal.

When investments conflict with philanthropy1
The F.B. Heron Foundation is on the cutting edge of a school of thought that proclaims that values and profits can easily coexist. Known as mission-related investing or impact investing, the basic objective is to invest in ways that enhance, not detract, from philanthropic goals.
Despite some high-profile conflicts that have come to light, mission-related investing is not popular. A 2012 survey by US SIF: The Forum for Sustainable and Responsible Investment found less than 1 percent of U.S. foundations pursued some form of sustainable and responsible investing.
There's reluctance, because foundations worry that they will sacrifice returns if they direct their investments to align with their missions.
"These aren't easy discussions within foundations," said Liz Michaels, chief of staff at Aperio Group, a California-based investment management firm that customizes portfolios to align with investor values. "If your job is to perpetuate the foundation for future generations, the question is whether this is going to negatively impact your ability to do so."
But more research is showing that the investment risk of mission alignment is minimal, Michaels said.
Mission-related investing also has received a boost from the so-called divestment movement.
Divestment occurs when institutions remove financial support from select companies to promote certain behavior or policy. The best known divestment occurred in the 1970s and 1980s when retirement funds, mutual funds and other institutions sold off the stocks of companies that did business in South Africa to boycott the country's system of apartheid.
Today a divestment campaign is targeting oil, coal and natural gas companies for extracting fossil fuels that contribute to climate change. A coalition of foundations and individuals, known as Divest-Invest, has pledged to sell investments in fossil fuels and redirect the capital into clean and renewable energy sources.
The Sierra Club Foundation, which provides financial support to environmental organizations, has joined the Divest-Invest campaign. It may surprise some to learn that the Sierra Club Foundation has holdings in fossil fuel companies.
Chuck Collins, who has recruited wealthy individuals to the Divest-Invest campaign, explained that environmental organizations sometimes hold stock in companies that pollute in an attempt to positively influence their behavior.
"They all believed in the engagement strategy," Collins said, "but it's just not worked."
The Sierra Club Foundation said in a statement that it began aligning its investments with its mission four years ago and has removed most of its exposure to fossil fuel companies. It estimates those holdings to be less than 1 percent of its portfolio and plans to divest the remaining amount within the coming months.
Some of the nation's largest foundations have a mission-driven component in their investment portfolios. The MacArthur Foundation, for example, has set aside $300 million, or about 5 percent of its endowment, for impact investments.
Last year, MacArthur invested $10 million in a newly formed real estate investment trust that acquires affordable housing. MacArthur joined Citibank, Morgan Stanley, Prudential Financial and the Ford Foundation as founding investors.
MacArthur's exposure to a payday-lending business would seem to undercut its support for organizations that preserve affordable housing and strengthen low-income communities, said the Heron Foundation's Miller.

Social Security is a mess. You fix it.GET THERE
How would you fix Social Security?
EXCERPTED AND ADAPTED FROM "THE SOCIAL SECURITY FIX-IT BOOK," FROM THE CENTER FOR RETIREMENT RESEARCH AT BOSTON COLLEGE. ILLUSTRATIONS BY MELINDA BECK
The Problem
ocial Security provides 70 percent of the income of households led by someone age 80 or over. But the program has a financing problem. As the remaining Baby Boomers reach retirement age, current Social Security taxes — or payroll taxes — are unable to keep up with benefits owed.  The good news is that there are potential solutions. With help from the Center for Retirement Research, we'll explain a mix of most frequently mentioned solutions here and ask you to come up with your own solution in our survey below. Read related article.
How the shortfall will happen
When there aren't enough workers to fund the benefits it is paying out, Social Security dips into the money the Social Security Trust Fund has accumulated over time. In 2033, that extra source of revenue for the program will be gone, meaning the program will only be able to pay 77 cents of every dollar.
2010
The benefits being paid by Social Security outpaced the money coming in from payroll taxes. To maintain full benefits, the program started using interest from bonds in the Social Security Trust Fund.
2020
The Trust Fund interest will not be enough to pay out full benefits. This means the program will have to start selling the bonds in the Trust Fund.
2033
The Trust Fund will be depleted. Social Security will then be able to pay only 77 cents on the dollar. And the shortfall slowly widens thereafter.
Your turn to help find a solution
The common solutions for solving the Social Security shortfall generally fall into two camps: cut benefits or raise revenue. In the end, fixing the program may involve a little of both. What changes would you make to improve Social Security? Click through to explore the solutions and make your picks — and see how they compare with those of other readers.
Cut benefits
Raise revenue
How the shortfall will happen
When there aren't enough workers to fund the benefits it is paying out, Social Security dips into the money the Social Security Trust Fund has accumulated over time. In 2033, that extra source of revenue for the program will be gone, meaning the program will only be able to pay 77 cents of every dollar.
2010
The benefits being paid by Social Security outpaced the money coming in from payroll taxes. To maintain full benefits, the program started using interest from bonds in the Social Security Trust Fund.
2020
The Trust Fund interest will not be enough to pay out full benefits. This means the program will have to start selling the bonds in the Trust Fund.
2033
The Trust Fund will be depleted. Social Security will then be able to pay only 77 cents on the dollar. And the shortfall slowly widens thereafter.
After reading up, take the poll to weigh in on which solution you like best
How benefits could be cut
Benefit cuts lower incomes in retirement and generally hit low earners, the disabled and the oldest the hardest.
How revenue could be raised
Initiatives that raise revenue primarily lower incomes during our working years and primarily hit those with higher incomes.
How would you fix Social Security?
The good news is that we're only asking you to solve it for 75 years into the future. It's not a permanent solution, but it's a start. Choose the options you would consider:
Cut benefits
Submit your answers!
### responses
Thanks for your suggestions! We'll take a look at the results and report back. Stay tuned to Get There for more coverage.
Back
Revenue
Iâ€™m ready â€” take me to the poll!
SOURCE: Center for Retirement Research at Boston College. Graphic by Kevin Uhrmacher, Kevin Schaul and Darla Cameron. Published September 22, 2014.
Editorâ€™s picks

In-Flight Dining at Home: Would You Pay $13 for Thisin-flight dining at home: would you pay $13 for this
AMD Radeon R9 285 graphics card for 4K gaming launched at Rs 19 990AMD claims the Radeon R9 285 graphics card to be faster than Nvidia’s GTX 760 and supports gaming with multiple monitors or a 4K display.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | Goa | Posted: September 26, 2014 11:43 am
At the AMD Technology showcase 2014 in Bardez, Goa, AMD India also introduced the Radeon R9 285 graphics card along with the launch of its new Firepro products. At a price of Rs. 19,990, the Radeon R9 285 graphics card brings the feature set of the Radeon R9 290 series along with support for Project FreeSync and AMD TrueAudio technology.
AMD claims the Radeon R9 285 graphics card to be faster than Nvidia’s GTX 760 and supports gaming with multiple monitors or a 4K display.
The Radeon R9 290 was first showcased at the 30 years of Graphics & Gaming event in August. It features the latest Graphics Core Next (GCN) Architecture with support for the upcoming DirectX 12 and AMD’s Mantle API.
Featuring an engine clock speed of 918 MHz, it offers 2 GB offrame buffer running at 5.5 Gbps. On the performance front, it can deliver up to 3.29 TFLOPS.
AMD also launched “Never Settle: Space Edition, it latest iteration of game bundle promotion, which also includes “Alien: Isolation and the Mustang Omega Variant Racer from Accelerated Mass Design in Star Citizen. Users will receive up to three choices from a library of up to 29 games.

Govt trims borrowing target by Rs.8 000 crNEW DELHI, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 00:52 IST
Govt trims borrowing target by Rs.8,000 cr
PTI
economy (general)
The Central Government on Friday said it would borrow Rs.2.40 lakh crore from markets in the second half of the current fiscal, Rs.8,000 crore less than the annual estimate.
With this, the borrowing by way of dated securities (G-secs) for the entire fiscal will total Rs.5.92 lakh crore as against the Budget Estimate (BE) of Rs.6 lakh crore.
“Total borrowing for the fiscal year has been revised to Rs.5.92 lakh crore, which is Rs.8,000 crore less than BE of Rs.6 lakh crore,” said Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram after the borrowing calendar was finalised by the government in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India. The top Finance Ministry official also said the government was sticking with the fiscal target of 4.1 per cent of the GDP for 2014-15 irrespective of the cut down in the market borrowings. Dr. Mayaram further said in the third quarter there would be no additional borrowing through T-bills, which means the treasury bills maturing in the quarter will be rolled over. T-bills borrowing during the October-December 2014 quarter will be Rs.1.98 lakh crore, the RBI said. The reduction in government’s borrowing plans will provide additional Rs.8,000 crore for private sector in the market.

CBDT extends due date for filing IT returnsCBDT extends due date for filing IT returns
K.R. Srivats
K. V. Chowdary, Chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes
New Delhi, Sept 27:  
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has extended the "due date" for filing income tax returns to November 30 from the statutorily specified September 30 in certain cases.
This relief is being granted to all those assesses who are required to file their income tax return by September 30 and also get their accounts subjected to a tax audit.
This latest CBDT decision is in conformity with its August 20 move to extend the due date for furnishing of tax audit reports to November 30 from September 30.
While the tax audit report furnishing date was extended, there was no official word on extending the returns filing date. This had put assessees into practical difficulties.
Thanks to the Gujarat High Court and other High Courts directions, the CBDT has extended the due date for filing of income tax returns to November 30 in respect of tax audit cases.
However, the CBDT has clarified that there will be no extension of “due date” for the purpose of charging of interest under Section 234A of the income tax law for late filing of income tax returns.
For non-tax audit assessees, the due date for filing of income tax returns remains September 30.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Vroom! Economy Picked Up Steam in 2nd Quartervroom! economy picked up steam in 2nd quarter
Three firefighters who responded to Ground Zero died on same day. They all suffered from cancer.By Sarah Larimer September 26 Follow @slarimer
Firefighters stand on steel beams of the crumbled World Trade Center towers. (Yoni Brook/The Washington Post)
Three former members of the New York City fire department who had responded to the World Trade Center after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks died on the same day this week.
Daniel Heglund, Howard Bischoff and Robert Leaver died Monday, according to NY1 , which reported that each of the men suffered from cancer.
"Even after he was first diagnosed with leukemia in 2003, he never wanted to be called a 9/11 victim," Leaver's widow, Rosaria, told the New York Daily News . "He would say, 'The innocent people in the towers were the victims. Don't ever call me a victim. I was a first responder.' "
Some types of cancers are among the illnesses covered by the Sept. 11 compensation fund , but it's unclear whether there's a link between the disease and the wreckage and debris left after the attacks .
"About 99.9 percent of us wouldn't change anything that happened. Even after 9/11 and what went on afterwards, we were firemen," Heglund's brother, FDNY Capt. Paul Heglund, told the Daily News. "That's what we do."
Daniel Heglund spent 21 years with the department, Leaver had a 20-year FDNY career and Bischoff was a 19-year veteran. All three retired in 2003, and Leaver and Bischoff were longtime friends, the Daily News reported.
Their deaths served as "a painful reminder that, 13 years later, we continue to pay a terrible price for the Department's heroic efforts on September 11th," Fire Commissioner Daniel A. Nigro said in a statement.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) echoed Nigro, saying in a statement : "While we honor these men, and mourn their loss, it is a stark reminder that 13 years later, the health effects of 9/11 are far from over, and will be with us for many years to come."
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

How companies can prepare themselves for an IPOHow companies can prepare themselves for an IPO
Caption Alibaba goes public
Andrew Burton / Getty Images / Sept. 19, 2014
Founder and Executive Chairman of Alibaba Group Jack Ma rings a bell to celebrate as the Alibaba stock goes live during the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange.
Founder and Executive Chairman of Alibaba Group Jack Ma rings a bell to celebrate as the Alibaba stock goes live during the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange. (Andrew Burton / Getty Images / Sept. 19, 2014)
Caption Alibaba goes public
AFP / Getty Images
Staff of the Alibaba group celebrate in Hangzhou, China as Alibaba stock goes live on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange.
Staff of the Alibaba group celebrate in Hangzhou, China as Alibaba stock goes live on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange. (AFP / Getty Images)
Caption GrubHub
Lucas Jackson / Reuters / April 4, 2014
GrubHub CEO Matt Maloney takes a selfie before ringing the opening bell before the company's IPO on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
GrubHub CEO Matt Maloney takes a selfie before ringing the opening bell before the company's IPO on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (Lucas Jackson / Reuters / April 4, 2014)
Caption GoPro's Nick Woodman poses at IPO launch
Mike Segar / Reuters / July 31, 2014
GoPro Inc's founder and CEO Nick Woodman poses with a GoPro camera at the company's IPO at the Nasdaq Market Site in New York.
GoPro Inc's founder and CEO Nick Woodman poses with a GoPro camera at the company's IPO at the Nasdaq Market Site in New York. (Mike Segar / Reuters / July 31, 2014)
Caption Weibo And Sabre begin trading on Nasdaq
Spencer Platt / Getty Images / April 17, 2014
China's Weibo CEO Charles Chao takes a picture in Times Square moments after Weibo began trading on the Nasdaq exchange.
China's Weibo CEO Charles Chao takes a picture in Times Square moments after Weibo began trading on the Nasdaq exchange. (Spencer Platt / Getty Images / April 17, 2014)
Initial Public Offerings Finance Groundhog Day Virgin Group Alibaba Group PricewaterhouseCoopers
'Investors like sponsor-backed companies -- that's a good first step to going public.'
The U.S. IPO market could be heading toward a record year, with the number of public offerings in the first nine months of 2014 nearly equal to those in all of 2013.
If the pace of IPOs remains on track, 2014 could surpass the booming IPO markets of 2007 and the 2000 dot-com bubble. There have been 207 IPOs in the first half of 2014 counted under the methodology used by PricewaterhouseCoopers, said Mike Gould, a Chicago-based capital markets partner at PwC and leader of the firm's public offerings team. By comparison, 256 priced in all of 2000 and 279 in 2007, according to a similar methodology used by  IPOScoop.com .
But companies considering a public offering are getting leery of the persistent good times, said Gould.
Update: On Day 75 of his trip, Mike Evans reached the Pacific Ocean, completing his goal to cycle across the U.S. ( Dana Juhasz Ardell )
“The window has been open for a while,” he said, “and no one is quite sure when that window is going to close.”
Against that backdrop, last week's profitable U.S. IPO for China's Alibaba may have served as a sort of Groundhog Day for a stock market that has been wondering if it can expect the lustrous IPO market of 2013 and early 2014 to continue.
“If that goes well, then I expect the markets to show well for the rest of the year,” Gould said.
So far, it appears it has, as big names such as GoDaddy.com, Virgin America and others are waiting in the wings.
Gould spoke with Blue Sky about the initial public offering market at the end of 2014, and about how companies can prepare themselves — no matter what the market — for an eventual IPO, for a smart strategic pairing, or to run efficiently and seamlessly as they grow from startup to mature company.
Q. Set the scene a little bit.
A. 2013 was already a record year, with the most IPOs since 2007. We’re on track to be way ahead of 2013. The overall message is 2014 has been a very good year for IPOs by volume, as well as proceeds.
The statistic I look at is the total number of IPOs. Things really wound down in 2007, the last big year. 2013 was the biggest year since 2007. I'm certainly expecting us to beat the 2013 number.
And things are continuing to buzz.
Q. What’s driving that market, and when will it slow?
0
A. We've had a lot of companies coming to us realizing that the window has been open for awhile, and that run-up in volume has been happening for a couple years. No one is quite sure when that window is going to close, and if they can get in and [get a good] price before the end of year, so much the better. The further out you go, the more uncertainty there is that that IPO window is going to be open or not.
The IPO markets have been on a bit of a run the last couple of years. There have been some headwinds from macroeconomic factors, but we’re generally not seeing anything that will cause a major halt to the market.
Investor return on IPOs is the main driver right now. If you've invested in a company that IPO’d in the last year, the returns beat the S&P 500. Price is one reason — they're priced to give investors an immediate return. That's been itself producing follow-on interest in IPOs.
As soon as that turns around, that could be a sign that investors are less willing to put money into IPOs.
There are a couple of IPOs coming up in the next week or two, and it's critical that they go well to keep up the current IPO volumes.
Q. What does the market like to see in a company approaching a public offering or strategic sale?
A. Investors like sponsor-backed companies — that’s a good first step to going public. With financial sponsors, the management team gets used to independent board members, giving information to sponsors on a regular basis. So the market likes to see support from private equity and sponsors.
But even in down markets, you still see companies coming out.
The companies at the top of the pile have the right fundamentals. The right equity story resonates. They have good historical and projected financial information. They produce that information on a timely and reliable basis. They have a good management team with experience in the market. And then from our perspective, they're ready to be a public company.
Q. How can companies prepare so they can be more successful?
A. Simple things: The company puts in a new compensation structure. When we shine a bright light on that structure, does it match those at a public company, does it match competitors? For an acquisition, is the buying company getting audited financial statements from the companies they’re buying? It’s better if those audited statements have existed all along; it’s hard to go back in time and reproduce them.
Most of those things are not a wasted expense. If you don't do an IPO, you get bought, or a private equity company invests in you, in which case the good corporate housekeeping enforced by an IPO makes you more saleable, or having good management internal controls in place allows you to be acquired by a public company.
Ten years ago, we'd get the call and they'd say ‘We want to file an S-1 in the next few months.’ It can work, but it's a fire drill and tends to be painful. Now we get the call and the companies say ‘We're thinking of an IPO in three to five years.’
The earlier in advance we talk to companies, the more orderly, the less painful and the more efficient that process is.
Q&A’s are edited for length and clarity. This article has been updated to correct the number of IPOs counted in 2014 and to say that 2013 was a record year.

3 Ways Challenger Brands Can Beat Goliaths in Their Spacereddit
Shannon Scott has been working in marketing at challenger shoe brand ASICS for 25 years and knows a thing or two about going into battle against the big guys like Nike and Adidas.
Scott is an experienced marketer and has helped guide the brand as consumer habits and buying patterns evolve from traditional into digital, social and experiential. ASICS (an acronym for the Latin 'sound body, sound mind') is a niche brand best known by elite athletes and enthusiasts for being one of the best running shoes on the market. But as the brand moves into new markets and consumer attention shifts to social, the need for creative marketing with limited budgets compared to the hard-charging Under Armour is essential.
Scott credits a strong team and seamless approach to their being market leaders in their category. She has learned that her inner voice and first instincts are usually correct when it comes to making brand decisions. Her tips to young entrepreneurs, especially females who are tentative about speaking up is, "Don't hold back! Be confident!" Scott uses the quiet time during her commute to think and strategize and has been successful with community outreach and collaborating that includes pros and other influencers.
Here are my take away lessons for David to beat Goliath:
1. Stay in your lane
At its core, ASICS has incredible traction and street cred with runners and that's where they dominate. Try and be everything to everyone without the biggest budget on the block or the sexiest athletes and award-winning ad agency partners and you're going to fail.
ASICS slow and steady upward growth approach has created a strong brand with a halo effect casting its glow on other elite athletes and enthusiasts in many sports who cross train with their shoes to stay in shape.
2. Embed the Brand in Events
ASICS has been successful creating fun, relevant experiences at key running events like the New York City Marathon and more. With this embedding strategy at live events, they can set up tents, work grass roots and press the flesh with real people and collect valuable data about features and benefits. They develop relationships with influencer's who help evangelize their message and amplify their marketing.
3. Create a Laboratory
Shannon Scott and team seem to be carefully experimenting with new product lines in new markets ( like their soccer cleats ). It's about taking calculated risks and being willing to fail, then try again. Such is their entry into video on Youtube and other innovative in-store activation.
Watch the full episode as we go Behind the Brand to uncover some of ASICS strategy and marketing tactics and let me know what you think. Leave a comment or Tweet me @BryanElliott.
Follow Bryan Elliott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bryanelliott
More:

Market capitalisation: Top five blue-chip companies lose Rs 45 887.6 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The last hand: The epic bust of Atlantic Citys gambling economyBy Tina Griego September 23 Follow @tinagriego
Atlantic City, N.J., bet big on casinos. Now, it is losing. Four casinos have shut down since the beginning of 2014, leaving many residents out of work. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
ATLANTIC CITY – Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino, the fourth boardwalk casino here to close this year, was pronounced dead at 5:59 a.m. on a Tuesday, which in and of itself seemed an insult. In the end, the 30-year-old onetime hotbed of glamor looked like it had smoked too much, had drunk too hard and needed a shower.
Trump Plaza sat in the center of the boardwalk. Come off the Atlantic City Expressway, and there it loomed, a white monolith projecting surrender in stained carpets, roped-off pits and the neon U LAZA sign staring balefully down the boardwalk.
Few gamblers came to see it off, though Marie Morlachetta stopped by late Sunday night to say goodbye to the staff and to pronounce — upon discovering no toilet paper in her bathroom stall — “This place has been going to the dogs for a long time, but I still love it.”
On the morning of the casino’s closing, a memorabilia collector parks himself among the rows of blinking, blaring, vacant slots and keeps feeding it titos – ticket in, ticket out – to get one time-stamped as close as possible to the final minute.
But mostly the dealers pack up chips, and cocktail waitresses serve the last of the vodka and coffee, and everyone checks their watches. That evening, they gather by the hundreds at a 24-hour bar where they used to go to decompress. They call out to each other, a parade of Johnnies and Kennys and Joeys and Ritchies and Debbies.
Some left the Plaza years ago for the greener pastures of casinos in other states, but many spent their entire careers there. “We spent 30 years together,” says Debbie Fortier, a cocktail waitress. “We were together longer than most marriages.”
Not all of the letters worked on the “Trump Plaza” marquee at the Trump Plaza and Hotel in Atlantic City. It closed Sept. 16. (By Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
They spill out in the parking lot and smoke cigarettes and take pictures and tell stories about the days when Donald Trump still ran the place and the high rollers laid down $10,000 bets and tipped $1,000 a hand and celebrities floated through like fairy dust. “It was exhilarating,” says dealer Ken Gonsalves, who opened the place in 1984.
The Plaza had become the limping property at the back of a herd of what were once 12 casinos in Atlantic City. No one was surprised when it failed to outrun the logic of the convenience gambler, the day-tripper upon whom Atlantic City had become dependent.
“Why would I drive two and half hours to come here, when door-to-door from my house to Mount Airy Casino is 45 minutes?” asks Peter Bryn of Budd Lake, N.J., in town for nearby firefighters’ conference.
So sounds the death knell of an East Coast monopoly. So goes the elbow-throwing era of state-sanctioned casino gambling. Get in while the getting is good. Build them big. Tax them high. Divert the stream of cash before it crosses the border.
In 2006, gross gaming revenue was $9.5 billion in the northeastern U.S. market. In 2013, it was $11.7 billion, a three percent annual growth rate, says David G. Schwartz, director of the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Some casinos thrive. Others languish. The new lure customers from the old. A favored word in play: cannibalization.
“The monopoly of gaming for Atlantic City ended five years ago, and the fact that no one woke up and said this is a chapter that’s closing and we need a new chapter was beyond me,” says Mayor Don Guardian, who took office in January and whose campaign slogan was “A New Beginning.” “We put all our eggs in one basket, and you never put all your eggs in one basket.”
The air in Atlantic City these days is laced with belated recognition. This city is famous for its pessimism (“I heard a guy complain that if Fort Knox brought a traveling exhibition of gold bars to the convention center, overnight they’d turn to lead.” “You building Atlantic City’s future?” asks the reporter to the worker outside the massive Bass Pro Shop construction site. “Its next demise,” he answers.)
But that’s not all to be found here. Atlantic City has always been a place of contradiction. Neon artificiality, food -stamp reality, persistent urban decay, spectacular natural beauty, multiethnic, multiracial, multilingual – it’s a town that gets beneath the skin, refusing to allow you to give up on it. “The locals call it getting sand in your shoes,” says Trump Plaza security guard Stanley Smith. “And once you have it, you can’t get rid of it.”
A city that reinvents itself as often as this one perseveres on the memory of the good old days left behind and the promise of better days ahead. In a seaside town, there’s always next season. Now, however, it must deal with an economic crisis.
“You want to talk ripple effects?” says Frank Formica, an elected county official and owner of a 95-year-old family bakery that supplies some of the casinos. “The ripple effects are tidal waves.”
***
Four casinos closed in nine months. A fifth threatens to close by Thanksgiving. Almost 8,000 workers got pink slips. Many of the lost positions were considered good jobs with union-negotiated benefits, and people made careers out of them. They bought houses. They raised kids. They put themselves and their kids through college and went to the dentist regularly and had their nails done.
You don’t have to think too hard about what the ripple effects might be.
Slot machines inside the Trump Plaza and Hotel hours before the casino complex closed Sept. 16. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
“We have about 800 casino workers living here,” says Egg Harbor Township Mayor James “Sonny” McCullough. “We’ve seen this before. As the casinos started to cut back around 2008, 2009, and started moving toward a part-time workforce, we started seeing a lot of foreclosures. It still costs the same amount of money to operate a town. You still have trash pickup. You still have law enforcement, and you still have education. Sixty-five percent of the budget goes to education.”
Things started going bad in 2007, the year after Pennsylvania opened slots, henceforth known as the Year of No Going Back. Within four years, Pennsylvania bumped Atlantic City out of second place behind Nevada in annual gaming revenue. In 2013, Schwartz says, Pennsylvania’s gross gaming revenue was $3.1 billion. Almost two-thirds of those winnings came from eastern Pennsylvania — gamblers who otherwise would likely spend their money in Atlantic City.
As Pennsylvania rose, Atlantic City fell from a 2006 peak of $5.2 billion in gross casino revenues to $2.8 billion last year.
Considering that Atlantic City’s long monopoly ended with the start of the Great Recession, bad quickly became worse. Trump Plaza dealer Ray Ngo pulls his last paycheck from his pocket. Net pay: $95.59. Trump Plaza dealers’ weekly toke rate, the pooled tips they divvy up, fell from a high of $20 an hour to an average of $10 an hour. In the last full week of business, the toke was $6.56 an hour.
The ripples show up in the 2,091 unemployment insurance claims filed by casino workers after Showboat and Revel closed. They show up in the more than 1,500 job-seekers who met with 60 employers at the Department of Labor and Workforce Development career fair held at the Atlantic City Convention Center.
The ripples also show up in rising real estate taxes – already among the highest in the country — which Atlantic City has been raising by double digits of late. Ninety percent of the city’s budget comes from real estate taxes.
In 2010, the city’s total assessed property value was $20.5 billion, says Michael Stinson, the city’s director of revenue and finance. In 2014, it had fallen to $11.3 billion and is heading south. The majority of that drop is a result of successful appeals by the casinos for reassessments. Because of the straits the city now finds itself in, Stinson says, federal and state government is kicking in a combined total of about $30 million to help cover essential services including firefighters through the end of the year.
“The monopoly of gaming for Atlantic City ended five years ago, and the fact that no one woke up and said this is a chapter that’s closing and we need a new chapter was beyond me.”
— Atlantic City Mayor Don Guardian.
The less money Atlantic City has to contribute toward the county budget, the more the surrounding jurisdictions have had to kick in, meaning they, too, have been raising real estate tax rates.
Frank Formica is chair of the equivalent of Atlantic County’s Board of Supervisors, here called the Board of Chosen Freeholders. The area he represents includes Atlantic City. He is also the owner of Formica Bros. bakery, which bakes 20,000 to 50,000 pieces of bread a day and has nearly 70 employees. “We delivered somewhere around 2,000 to 3,000 pieces a day to Trump Plaza at its peak,” he says. “The Atlantic Club was 1,000 a day. Revel, a couple thousand pieces a day.”
He says he expanded operations into a neighboring county and picked up 100 more accounts over the last five years to try compensate for the loss he feared was coming. “So, people might say, ‘What’s Formica crying about?’ I used to deliver the equivalent of those 100 accounts within a mile radius of our bakery to the casinos. Now, we do it in a 40-mile radius with two extra trucks and drivers that add 180 hours of labor and 1,000 miles of gas, tolls and wear and tear per week.”
The sun sets over hotels along the Atlantic City Boardwalk. To some, the famed city is fading as a gambling destination. To others, a new day could be dawning. (By Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
But, he says, “from forest fires come new trees. This is a wakeup call for Atlantic City to become something only it can become.”
“One thing that has never been underscored in what is happening here,” Formica adds, is that “no other city in the U.S. will ever be the first exclusive monopoly outside Nevada in the rest of your days. No other city had a mandated legislative monopoly. No other city with gaming outside Vegas exploded like Atlantic City, and no other city could implode like it . . . We were Vegas’ only competition, and now everyone is our competition.”
***
Atlantic City is a town of 40,000 people, 48 blocks long, three-quarters of a mile wide at its widest. Its budget is about $270 million. About one-third of its residents live in poverty. More than two-thirds of its adults age 25 and older have a high school diploma or less.
In July, its non-seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate was 13.9 percent, more than twice that of New Jersey’s. The good news is that’s lower than in was in July 2013. The not-so-good news is that its labor force is shrinking, as well.
Cuts are coming. Pain is inevitable, Guardian says, though he hopes to avoid mass layoffs in City Hall through attrition.
Guardian is a man with a snap in his stride and a vision for economic diversification that includes turning Atlantic City into a university town, better educating its workforce, extending the boardwalk and creating the equivalent of Baltimore’s Inner Harbor. It includes a plan to grow the city’s retail base and to diversify the tourist industry to attract a greater range of entertainment and conventions.
“We need to become a real city and not just a Jersey Shore town,” he says.
No one, the mayor says, saw the collapse of four casinos in a single year. A fifth, the Trump Taj Mahal, is in bankruptcy, with the owners making noises about closing in mid-November if the union doesn’t make some concessions. The Taj is a colossal property, as was Revel Casino. Showboat, which sits between them, was no slouch. One end of the boardwalk would fall into silence should the Taj go, and if there is one thing the boardwalk will not tolerate, it is silence.
So, investors sniff. Inquiries are made. The lowball offer is readied. Revel cost $2.4 billion to build. The opening bid at this week’s auction is expected to be $90 million. The city still houses a $2 billion-plus casino industry. The other local casinos, particularly those at the marina, have seen their revenues rise with the culling, and a few years ago several began  to expand into true resort/entertainment facilities.
Plus, as everyone here will tell you with a wide sweep of the arm toward the beach and the sun sparkling off the Atlantic Ocean, “We’ve got this.”
***
The morning after Trump Plaza closes, a 51-year-old Plaza bartender sits with the 54-year-old Plaza cocktail waitress at a one-stop shop set up by the state Department of Labor and Unite Here, local 54, and helps her apply for her unemployment benefits.
“This is all I know,” she says.
The newly jobless move from station to station, applying for food stamps, if needed, getting information in English, Spanish and Gujuarti on credit counseling, mortgage modification, job training, Social Security and help with the utility bills.
Gonsalves says his wife is a part-time dealer at Borgata, the hot property in the city, and so he’s going to take some time to catch up on projects around the house. One day, when his little ones are grown, he’ll tell them about the last night at the Plaza and how he dealt the last hand:
In the casino’s last hour, only one table is open. Two players take a seat. One is the husband of a dealer, and he keeps a steady stream of tips going Gonsalves’ way. The other is a scruffy guy in a camouflage jacket, who later declares his name classified on a need-to-know basis.
Gonsalves, a miracle to watch with the cards, does his thing. Mr. X proceeds to lose hand after hand through a stream of complaints about how he’d been playing at the Trump Plaza since damn near the beginning of time and how it had been mismanaged into oblivion.
“I’m really here for sentimental reasons, you know,” he says. “I wanted to play one last sh—y hand in a sh—y casino.”
“Alright, last hand gentlemen,” the casino manager says.
Gonsalves deals. ”Good luck,” he says.
“All in,” Mr. X says. “Just go crazy with it. Just wild.”
No one will remember what the two players’ hands show, because Gonsalves shows an ace. And then turns a queen.
Blackjack.
House wins. House loses, and so it goes and always has in Atlantic City.
Tina Griego is a reporter for Storyline. Previously, Tina was a city columnist for the Rocky Mountain News and the Denver Post for a combined 12 years.
Next up

Russian-language Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty Interview on the legality of US military intervention against ISISBy Ilya Somin September 28
Below is the audio of a recent Russian language interview I did with Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty on the legality of US military intervention against ISIS. The program also includes commentary by foreign policy experts Mikhail Bernstam of the Hoover Institution, Anna Barshefsky, and Daniel Goure. I know we have some readers who understand Russian; the audio may be of interest to you.
During the program, I suggested that the Constitution requires congressional authorization for this type of large-scale military action, and that the president does not already have such authorization under the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force against the perpetrators and abettors of the 9/11 attacks. On the other hand, I believe that his actions do not violate international law.
I outlined these points in greater detail (in English), here , here , and here .
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

PM Modi outlines dream for India in the Big ApplePM Modi outlines dream for India at Madison Square Garden during US visit
Saurabh Shukla     New York   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 10:58 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Madison Square Garden in New York
The United States has seen the future of its relationship with India, and Narendra Modi is the name of the game. Prime Minister Modi rocked a capacity crowd at New York's iconic Madison Square Garden on Sunday, reaching out to non-resident Indians with welcome announcements on the visa regime while exhorting them to join the mission of realising his dream of India. The connect was strong and immediate as Modi took centrestage after a brief introductory ceremony that featured last year's Miss America winner Nina Davuluri as well as 41 US Congressmen waiting patiently for the Indian Prime Minister.
Modi, striding purposefully to the mike in an orange half-jacket and a bright lemon kurta, took a long sip of water. "Bharat Mata Ki" he said gently. "Jai", the crowd roared back in one voice.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
And then he rocked the stadium, warming up in his usual style to an extempore speech that sounded as heartfelt as anything he has ever delivered. "I will never let you down," Modi promised the 20,000-strong crowd, saying the blessings of India's crores were like a blessing from God. The stadium reverberated with chants of "Modi!" "Modi!" When Modi mimed those who ask him of his larger vision and said he tells them that he's sold tea to get where he is, the cheers and chants turned into a standing ovation.
PM'S DREAM
There were many thousands watching on giant screens in Times Square and at 50 locations across America, and crores back home as Modi opened with a big thank you to all those NRIs who had helped his Lok Sabha campaign. The crowd roared back in approval.
Mars was a gloating point, and Modi wasn't one to let it go by. "It was cheaper than an Ahmedabad auto-rickshaw," he said, smartly adding that the US and India were in talks even around Mars.
Modi's dream for India was the mainstay of his speech. "Sixty-five per cent Indians are below the age of 35. A country that has this treasure, whose fingers have the power to connect with the entire world through the computer, whose youngsters are eager to make their mark, such a nation doesn't need to look back," he said. "The world is convinced this is Asia's century. American leaders have publicly reaffirmed this; some say it's Asia's century, others assert it is India's century. It's not an empty claim. India has the potential."
Reminding the NRIs about their connect with India, Modi said: "No matter how long they have lived in the US, most Indian-Americans know they now need to keep one leg in India."
It wouldn't have been a Modi speech without a mantra, and he had one right up his long sleeve, a 3D vision of the future. "India has three things no other nation has: Democracy, our biggest strength and treasure. Demographic dividend: a nation that has 65 per cent of its population below 35-yearolds can't ask for a more precious treasure. Demand: the entire world is looking to India because a nation of 125 crore is a big market with a huge demand. There is no nation in the world with all three. India will conquer new heights on the back of this wealth," declared Modi.
The 'red carpet, no red tape ' mantra appeared in a different form too. "It's my opinion that the government doesn't bring progress. It can at best implement schemes. It has a limited budget. Progress is only possible with the partnership of people. Till now, India's governments took the responsibility of progress on their own shoulders. We aim to make it a people's movement."
'MAKE IN INDIA'
And it all led to the centrepiece: 'Make in India'. "I invite the world . I invite you all... To Make in India. If you want human resources, effective governance, low-cost production, you won't find a better alternative than India," said Modi.
No Modi speech is without specifics, and Sunday was no different. The prime minister made it a point to address NRI concerns, and promise solutions. Indians settled abroad who hold Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would get long-term visas as well as visas on arrival, Modi announced. He also spoke of merging the 10 schemes covered by the Overseas Citizen-ship of India (OCI) and PIO initiatives. "Indian-Americans who stay in India for a long time on tourist visas have to report to police stations but they won't have to any longer," Modi said. The clapping and chants went on for even longer.
AN APPEAL
Modi invited the NRIs to join the India story. "The first generation (of immigrants) wants to do something for the nation. To you, I would suggest going to my website mygov.in, where you can post suggestions. Visit the site, and see how you can connect with me."
PBS anchor Hari Sreenivasan was the other co-host with Davuluri; Anjali RanadivÃ©, the daughter of Vivek RanadivÃ©, owner of the Sacramento Kings basketball team, sang the American national anthem, while L. Subramaniam and Kavita Krishnamurthy sang the Indian.
The event included an acrobatic and laser show, a speed-painted portrait of Modi and a hologram re-creating the seminal speech of Swami Vivekananda who carried the message of Hinduism to the United States when he spoke at the World's Parliament of Religions in 1893.

Hong Kong protests: Pro-democracy protesters defy tear gaspicture  others
Hong Kong protests: Pro-democracy protesters defy tear gas
Riot police use pepper spray against protesters after thousands of people blocked a main road to the financial central district outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. Authorities launched their crackdown after the protest spiraled into an extraordinary scene of chaos as the crowd jammed a busy road and clashed with officers wielding pepper spray. (Source: AP)
A student protester is overcome by pepper spray from riot police as thousands of protesters surround the government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
Riot police launch tear gas into the crowd as thousands of protesters surround the government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. Hong Kong police used tear gas on Sunday and warned of further measures as they tried to clear thousands of pro-democracy protesters gathered outside government headquarters in a challenge to Beijing over its decision to restrict democratic reforms for the city. (Source: AP)
Riot police use tear gas against protesters after thousands of people blocked a main road at the financial central district in Hong Kong, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. Authorities launched their crackdown after the protest spiraled into an extraordinary scene of chaos as the crowd jammed a busy road and clashed with officers wielding pepper spray. (Source: AP)
Riot police use pepper spray against protesters after thousands of people blocked a main road to the financial central district outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. Authorities launched their crackdown after the protest spiraled into an extraordinary scene of chaos as the crowd jammed a busy road and clashed with officers wielding pepper spray. (Source: AP)
Riot police launch tear gas into the crowd as thousands of protesters surround the government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. Hong Kong police used tear gas on Sunday and warned of further measures as they tried to clear thousands of pro-democracy protesters gathered outside government headquarters in a challenge to Beijing over its decision to restrict democratic reforms for the city. (Source: AP)
A student protester is overcome by pepper spray from riot police as thousands of protesters surround the government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
Related

Lone Sena minister Geete to quit Union CabinetComments
After dilly-dallying on the issue, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray announced that party leader and Union minister Anant Geete, who looks after the heavy industries portfolio, will resign from the post.
“After PM Narendra Modi comes back from the US, our minister Geete will be putting in his resignation,” said Uddhav while talking to the media on Monday.
He, however, avoided commenting on whether the two parties will split their partnership in about 12 municipal corporations like Mumbai, Thane, which they run together. “All those decisions are being discussed,” he said.
This comes a day after cousin and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray taunted Uddhav for not letting go of the Central ministry despite splitting with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Raj had said that is he were Uddhav, he would have split with the BJP a month ago, and given away power in all civic bodies, including the ministry at the Centre.
A senior Sena leader said Geete’s resignation means the Sena, which has 18 MPs, is withdrawing its support to the BJP government.
However, as the BJP is in a majority in the Centre, the Sena’s decision will not affect the government. However, all eyes are on what PM Modi will do after Geete gives his resignation, he said.
Last week, after they were unable to come to a decision during the seat-sharing talks, the BJP announced its decision to split with the Sena and go solo during the Assembly polls.
This snowballed into a split between the Congress-NCP, which means the state will witness a five-cornered contest.
Following this, there has been speculation on how the Sena will handle the alliance at the Centre and smaller corporations.
Now, the ball is in the BJP’s court. If it does break its alliance even at the Centre, then it will be viewed as a party that uses its partners and then hogs all political space.
In Goa, the Maharashtravadi Gomanatak Party lost its entire political space after forging an alliance with the BJP.
Another rumour doing the round is that the Thackeray cousins may come together to help each other in smaller civic bodies in case the BJP backs out.
For instance, in Mumbai corporation, the Sena has 75 seats and can replace the BJP, which has 31 corporators, with the MNS (28 corporators) to keep power. But for now, with Raj’s direct attacks on Uddhav, it seems the two are still fighting to reclaim their space and are not too keen on helping each other.

Japan volcano rescue suspended as death toll rises to 36Firefighters and members of Japan's Self-Defense Forces conduct a rescue operation at an ash-covered cabin, center left, near the peak of Mount Ontake in central Japan. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Tokyo | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:13 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 9:18 pm
Five more bodies were found near the peak of an erupting Japanese volcano on Monday, as rescuers suspended their search because of the growing danger from toxic gas.
The grim discovery takes to at least 36 the total number of people feared to have died when Mount Ontake erupted without warning during a busy hiking weekend.
A police spokesman told AFP the five bodies were in addition to 31 discovered on Sunday.
A Japanese army official who took part in the search said rescuers had been wearing helmets, bullet-proof vests, goggles and masks to protect themselves from any fresh eruption.
“I saw rocks up to probably one metre (3.3 feet) across (that had been thrown through the air by the force of the eruption),” he said, adding the search had been difficult and involved digging through ash.
In pics: Japan’s ‘Dante’s Peak’ claims at least 36 lives
Heartbreaking stories have begun to emerge from survivors who made it down the mountain as rolling clouds of volcanic debris swept down its flanks, smothering everything in their path.
“Some people were buried in ash up to their knees and the two in front of me seemed to be dead,” one woman told the Asahi television network.
Another told how she had heard the last moments of a victim battered by a cascade of rocks.
“There was someone lying outside the hut after being hit in the back,” she said. “He was saying ‘It hurts, it hurts,’ but after about half an hour he went quiet.”
Seiichi Sakurai, who had been working at one of the huts around the top of the volcano, told public broadcaster NHK that he had tried his best to help people but could not save them all.
“Ash was constantly falling… Some people were buried alive but I could do nothing but tell (rescuers) about them over the radio,” he said.
Another survivor told the Yomiuri newspaper he had seen a boy shouting “It’s hot” and “I can’t breathe!” near the peak, before the ash clouds brought blackness and silence.
On Monday morning, eight bodies — both men and women — were airlifted from the mountain.
About 60 people suffered injuries in the disaster, the government has said, including people who were hit by flying rocks and inhaled hot or poisonous fumes.
For anguished families, the wait for news was taking its toll.

Rupee Falls to 61.58/Dollar; Eyes on RBI PolicyYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 61.58/Dollar; Eyes on RBI Policy
Agencies | Updated On: September 29, 2014 14:50 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
The rupee was trading at 61.51 per dollar, off day's low of 61.58 but below Friday's close of 61.14/15.
Caution prevailed ahead of the RBI policy review on Tuesday. The RBI is expected to keep repo rate on hold but the tone in its statement is to be the key.
The rupee hit a 1-1/2 month low on Friday of 61.62. Asian currencies retreated broadly on upward revision to US GDP growth.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Midcaps  IT  pharma surge; Sensex  Nifty remain sluggishSep 29, 2014, 01.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Midcaps, IT, pharma surge; Sensex, Nifty remain sluggish
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Hindalco, HUL, Tata Power, Coal India and ITC are among the laggards in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Midcaps, IT, pharma surge; Sensex, Nifty remain sluggish
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Hindalco, HUL, Tata Power, Coal India and ITC are among the laggards in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
12:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:50 pm Exclusive: While most market experts and economist don’t see an interest rate cut anytime soon, SL Bansal, CMD, Oriental Bank of Commerce hopes for some rate cut by the RBI on Tuesday, but adds that banks may not pass it to customers for a month at least. "Why there should be a rate cut beacuse all numbers favourable. Current account deficit (CAD) and commodity prices have come down substantially especially crude prices, so if you cannot cut now, it will be very difficult for you to take a call subsequently," he says.
Meanwhile, Ashish Parthasarthy, Head Treasurer, HDFC Bank expects the central bank to oblige the market with a statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and held-to-maturity (HTM) cut. He further adds that if these two rates cut come through then the bond yields reaction will be temporary. However, Bansal feels that cut in SLR won’t have much impact.
1:30 pm Buzzing: Shares of Patel Integrated Logistics are locked at 20 percent upper circuit, hitting Rs 54.05 intraday after it entered into a cargo alliance with e-tailing major Amazon. It has joined hands with Amazon to fast-track delivery to customers across the country.
The logistics company has begun securing exclusive bookings from airlines to ship Amazon's products ahead of the festive season.
In an interview CNBC-TV18 Areef Patel, Executive Vice Chairman said the company fetches monthly business of around Rs 50-70 lakh and is looking to double this revenue. “We will be looking at the margins going up as the volumes go up. Unfortunately, over the last couple of months we have had couple of rate increases with the airlines due to the high fuel cost but hopefully that will change if things settle down,” he said
Don't miss: MTNL up 5% on revival hopes; Prasad says 'no privatisation'
The market still rangebound. The Sensex is up 25.66 points at 26651.98 and the Nifty is up 5.35 points at 7974.20. About 1728 shares have advanced, 828 shares declined and 79 shares are unchanged. Midcaps, IT and pharma stocks are supportign the indices with smart gains.
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Hindalco, HUL, Tata Power, Coal India and ITC are among the laggards in the Sensex.
All eyes are now on the Reserve Bank of India as the market gears up for the policy announcement tomorrow. A CNBC-TV18 poll suggests that Raghuram Rajan may hold fire this time. Bankers, dealers and company CFOs expect no rate cut in the policy tomorrow but a tone as hawkish as august.
FIIs turn bullish on India as PM Modi wows audiences in New York. Rajeev Bhaman of Oppenheim believes Indian stock market can double over the next five years if government provides policy support. He maintains that India is the best among emerging markets.
 

Yale students laud PM Modi  say decision to reform the bureaucracy was necessarySep 29, 2014 at 02:51pm IST
Yale students laud PM Modi, say decision to reform the bureaucracy was necessary
10
0
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a stupendous speech, wooing Indian Americans, corporates and lawmakers alike in his Madison Square Garden speech, students at Yale University also lauded the Indian PM, saying that many of his decisions were pending and necessary to put the country back on track.
18
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

China customers willing to pay huge price in black market for iPhone 6China customers willing to pay huge price in black market for iPhone 6
CNN | Sep 29, 2014 at 02:16pm
The new iPhone 6 has been a sales blockbuster for Apple. It is not on sale in China yet but customers are so eager to use the new phone that they are willing to pay huge prices in the black market.
Idol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

New Zealand Dollar Sinks After Central Bank SellsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

William Wan and Xu JingThe Post’s Ben Terris spoke to Iowans Thursday on their thoughts going into the 2014 Iowa Senate race.
Oct 31, 2014
Hello Kitty is turning 40, and the Japanese American National Museum has curated the largest retrospective in the U.S. looking back on the past four decades of her influence on popular culture.
Oct 12, 2014
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella’s advice to women that not asking for a raise is “good karma” has sparked outrage.
Oct 10, 2014
Tensions in Ukraine reached a high point this summer as members of parliament and presidential aides were on the receiving end of the public’s — and sometimes their own colleagues’ — frustration.
Oct 4, 2014
Photojournalist Pete Muller shares the stories behind his images capturing the problems and beauty of eastern Congo, a corner of the country that has been plagued by violence for the past two decades.
Sep 29, 2014
The beloved Scotsman on the hit series “The Simpsons” reminds those skeptical of Scottish independence to say “aye or die.”
Sep 18, 2014
A mourning father wanted a picture of his daughter without the tubes that had always been connected to her. The response from Reddit was overwhelming.
Jul 16, 2014
Check out the most recent additions to Merriam-Webster’s dictionary that are good enough to eat.
May 22, 2014
Ibrahim Wani, director of Human Rights in South Sudan spoke out on his “hope” that South Sudanese will work together to achieve peace.
May 17, 2014
The duo, ages 4 and 6, joined the global call for action to release the nearly 300 Nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped last month.
May 9, 2014

4 signs it s time to dump a stock"investing"
Anthony Kure, a fee-only investment adviser in Ohio, agrees. Pare back winners, including employer stock, he says. Sticking with your long-term investment plan allocation is the key to success. That means using preset guidelines for holding, say, consumer-staple stocks that may comprise 20 percent of an equity portfolio.
"This way, you reduce the risk of being overexposed in one sector," he says.
2. Company fundamentals change. Crumbling company financials, especially revenue and earnings growth, can spell trouble for a company. These financials can change for many reasons, including losing competitive advantages or changing managers.
One major technology firm is a good example here, Bingham says. Company revenues have slowed and gross profits, which measure the cost of generating those revenues, have declined. On the plus side, the company had a huge cash hoard and fair dividend at the end of its most recent quarter.
Given these fundamental shifts, that stock might now better suit investors gunning for income, not growth, Bingham says.
Xavier Epps, a Washington, D.C.-based financial adviser, advises investors to especially monitor company earnings slumps. Did the company sell a division? Are earnings cyclical, such as with mining companies? Looking at income statements can give investors some insight, he says.
"If management can't explain earnings declines, reconsider the stock," Epps says. "All CEOs know that Wall Street is looking at earnings."
Epps recommends avoiding stocks that have sudden run-ups, looking instead for consistent earnings. "Even in economic uncertainty these stocks perform well," he says.
3. Stock price exceeds future growth. To scrutinize a company's growth outlook, check out forward-looking earnings estimates that are issued by analysts, says Kure, a former equity analyst. They're usually called consensus earnings estimates and are issued by as many as 40 analysts. They can be found on various financial websites.
Analysts' estimates that have headed downward for the past several quarters are a bad sign for a stock, Kure says. The reason: Crumbling estimates can drag down stock growth for a while. According to the American Association of Individual Investors, stocks with negative earnings surprises have below-average stock performance for as long as one year. This is called the cockroach effect, where one-quarter of earnings surprises is often followed by several others, says the Association.
For example, after one company announced that its 2014 earnings would be below analysts' estimates, the stock sank. And it's risen only 1.9 percent so far this year. "When revisions are sharp, do some more homework so you can find out what has changed at the company," Kure says. "Be especially vigilant with fast-moving companies."
Some stocks like Amazon.com Inc. and Twitter still haven't logged any earnings so far. "These kinds of stocks are especially risky," Kure says.
4. A stock builds a high price-to-earnings ratio. P/E ratios are good metrics for investors to follow, Bingham says. One benchmark is checking to see if a company P/E is overvalued compared with its peers. Another way is comparing the P/E with its 10-year average.
"If it's much higher, there should be a good reason," he says. "When you buy a stock, you should know it backwards and forwards."
High-flying stocks also may signal that price expectations have been met, says Herrick, a financial consultant. "If so, sell and take the profit," she says. This method also helps you take the emotion out of the stock transaction, she adds.
Bingham says a good rule of thumb is don't get greedy ... or irrational.
Bankrate Audio

Goa tourism portal banks on Zico  IFFI to attract tourists to GoaUpdated: October 5, 2014 18:52 IST
Goa tourism portal banks on Zico, IFFI to attract tourists to Goa
IANS
economy, business and finance
A special discount package had been floated for football fans, especially for the three-month long Indian Super League (ISL) which begins in October.
A newly-launched tourism portal in Goa is banking on Brazilian football legend Zico to bring home the bucks as well as fans from soccer-crazy Kolkata and other Indian metros, where the ‘Beautiful Game’ has a large following.
Mario Fernandes, general manager of tourism portal Goantourism.com that promises a wide range of e-commerce services for inbound tourists, told IANS that a special discount package had been floated for football fans, especially for the three-month long Indian Super League (ISL) which begins in October.
“We are banking on the fact that football lovers from Kolkata, other metros and elsewhere in the country are keen on watching Zico, who is a world football legend, in action,” Fernandes said.
While Zico, 61, ISL club FC Goa’s marquee coach, is no longer a competitive player, Fernandes believes his legendary contribution to the game is alive even now and that football fans would still travel to watch him bark orders at his team from the designated coaching area.
“We have received enquiries about tickets, that’s why we came up with the special ISL package. For now we are offering 10 to 15 percent discount on game tickets and season tickets. The package includes airfare as well,” he said.
FC Goa is one of the eight teams which is part of the much trumpeted ISL that kicks off in October and is jointly owned by three club owners, namely, Anirudh Dhoot, a director with Videocon, Srinivas Dempo, chairman and managing director of the Dempo Group of Companies, and Dattaraj Salogaocar, managing director of V.M. Salgaocar and co. The latter two hail from Goa.
While the team has signed Arthur Antones Coimbra, alias Zico, who has played in three World Cup tournaments for Brazil, as its marquee coach, FC Goa has also roped in former Arsenal star and French World Cup winner Robert Pires as its marquee player.
The interest which has been whipped up vis-a-vis ISL, Fernandes said, could be good for those in the travel industry.
“Instead of multi-point transactions like booking your travel separately and then booking ISL tickets, our portal provides a one-point solution for football fans,” he said, adding that the portal would be specially promoted in Kolkata, which like Goa, is also known for its passion for soccer.
Fernandes also said that the portal was offering specially created packages for the upcoming International Film Festival of India, which begins in Goa in November. The IFFI attracts nearly 10,000 delegates, many of whom stay in Goa during the entire duration of the 11-day festival.
“IFFI is one of India’s biggest festivals and therefore provides much potential,” he said, adding that special packages for in-bound tourists for the Exposition of St. Francis Xavier were also being marketed by the website.
Every 10 years, remains of the missionary Spanish saint Francis Xavier are kept on public display at an event called the Exposition of St. Francis Xavier at the Old Goa Church complex located 10 km from Panaji.
According to Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, over five million pilgrims from different parts of India as well as across the world are expected to attend the Exposition this year.

Beware! You have no idea what information your smartphone may be giving awaySep 29, 2014 at  03:22pm IST
Beware! You have no idea what information your smartphone may be giving away
16
3
Singapore: When popular Chinese handset maker Xiaomi Inc admitted that its devices were sending users' personal information back to a server in China, it prompted howls of protest and an investigation by Taiwan's government.
The affair has also drawn attention to just how little we know about what happens between our smartphone and the outside world. In short: it might be in your pocket, but you don't call the shots.
As long as a device is switched on, it could be communicating with at least three different masters: the company that built it, the telephone company it connects to, and the developers of any third party applications you installed on the device - or were pre-installed before you bought it.
As long as a device is switched on, it could be communicating with at least three different masters. ( Man using a smartphone , via Shutterstock)
#smartphone #xiaomi #phone #personal data
All these companies could have programed the device to send data 'back home' to them over a wireless or cellular network - with or without the user's knowledge or consent. In Xiaomi's case, as soon as a user booted up their device it started sending personal data 'back home'.
This, Xiaomi said, was to allow users to send SMS messages without having to pay operator charges by routing the messages through Xiaomi's servers. To do that, the company said, it needed to know the contents of users' address books.
"What Xiaomi did originally was clearly wrong: they were collecting your address book and sending it to themselves without you ever agreeing to it," said Mikko Hypponen, whose computer security company F-Secure helped uncover the problem. "What's more, it was sent unencrypted."
Xiaomi has said it since fixed the problem by seeking users' permission first, and only sending data over encrypted connections, he noted.
Industry issue
Xiaomi is by no means alone in grabbing data from your phone as soon as you switch it on.
A cellular operator may collect data from you, ostensibly to improve how you set up your phone for the first time, says Bryce Boland, Asia Pacific chief technology officer at FireEye, an internet security firm. Handset makers, he said, may also be collecting information, from your location to how long it takes you to set up the phone.
"It's not that it's specific to any handset maker or telco," said Boland. "It's more of an industry problem, where organisations are taking steps to collect data they can use for a variety of purposes, which may be legitimate but potentially also have some privacy concerns."
Many carriers, for example, include in their terms of service the right to collect personal data about the device, computer and online activities - including what web sites users visit. One case study by Hewlett-Packard and Qosmos, a French internet security company, was able to track individual devices to, for example, identify how many Facebook messages a user sent. The goal: using all this data to pitch users highly personalised advertising.
But some users fear it's not just the carriers collecting such detailed data.
Three years ago, users were alarmed to hear that US carriers pre-installed an app from a company called Carrier IQ that appeared to transmit personal data to the carrier.
Users filed a class-action lawsuit, not against the carriers but against handset makers including HTC Corp, Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics which, they say, used the software to go beyond collecting diagnostic data the carriers needed.
The suit alleges the handset firms used the Carrier IQ software to intercept private information for themselves, including recording users' email and text messages without their permission - data the users claim may also have been shared with third parties. The companies are contesting the case.
And then there are the apps that users install. Each requires your permission to be able to access data or functions on your device - the microphone, say, if you want that device to record audio, or locational data if you want it to provide suggestions about nearby restaurants.
Shedding some light
But it isn't always easy for a user to figure out just what information or functions are being accessed, what data is then being sent back to the developers' servers - and what happens to that data once it gets there. Bitdefender, a Romania-based antivirus manufacturer, found last year that one in three of Android smartphone apps upload personal information to "third party companies, without specifically letting you know."
Not only is this hidden from the user, it's often unrelated to the app's purpose.
Take for example, an Android app that turns your device into a torch by turning on all its lights - from the camera flash to the keyboard backlight. When users complained about it also sending location-based data, the US Federal Trade Commission forced the app's Idaho-based developer to make clear the free app was also collecting data so it could target users with location-specific ads. Even so, the app has been installed more than 50 million times and has overwhelmingly positive user reviews.
While most concerns are about phones running Android, Apple's devices aren't free from privacy concerns.
Carriers control the code on the SIM, for example, and this is one possible way to access data on the phone. And, despite stricter controls over apps in Apple's app store, FireEye's Boland says his company continues to find malicious apps for the iOS platform, and apps that send sensitive data without the user knowing. "The iPhone platform is more secure than the Android platform, but it's certainly not perfect," he said.
Apple says its iOS protects users' data by ensuring apps are digitally signed and verified by Apple's own security system.
Back in the driving seat
The problem, then, often isn't about whether handset makers, app developers and phone companies are grabbing data from your phone, but what kind of data, when, and for what.
"If we look at the content sent by many apps it's mindboggling how much is actually sent," said Boland. "It's impossible for someone to really know whether something is good or bad unless they know the context."
Handset makers need to be clear with users about what they're doing and why, said Carl Pei, director at OnePlus, a Shenzhen, China-based upstart rival to Xiaomi. OnePlus collects "anonymous statistical information" such as where a phone is activated, the model and the version of software that runs on it, Pei said, which helps them make better decisions about servicing customers and where to focus production.
Unlike Xiaomi, Pei said, OnePlus' servers are based in the United States, which in the light of recent privacy concerns, he said, "gives people greater peace of mind than having them based out of China."
That peace of mind may be elusive as long as there's money to be made, says David Rogers, who teaches mobile systems security at the University of Oxford and chairs the Device Security Group at the GSMA, a global mobile industry trade association.
"Users are often sacrificed to very poor security design and a lack of consideration for privacy," he said. "At the same time, taking user data is part of a profit model for many corporations so they don't make it easy for users to prevent what is essentially data theft."
45

Did the government really hit its contract goalsOfficials say the government kept its promise to small businesses. Did it really?
The numbers don’t tend to stand the test of time.
By J.D. Harrison August 4 Follow @jd_harrison
It’s official. The federal government has for the first time in nearly a decade upheld its promise to award nearly a quarter of all contracting dollars to small businesses, according to a report released Friday.
“When we hit our small business procurement target, it’s a win,” Maria Contreras-Sweet, head of the Small Business Administration, said while making the announcement.
Did they really, though? Did the government actually hit the target?
Only time will tell, but there’s ample room for skepticism. Here’s why.
Once every year, the U.S. Small Business Administration pulls data from a federal database managed by the General Services Administration and issues a report indicating what percentage of eligible government contracting dollars went to small businesses during the previous year. By law, federal agencies are collectively supposed to commit 23 percent of all prime contracting dollars to small companies.
On Monday, SBA officials reported that the government eclipsed that mark last year, funneling 23.39 percent of all federal work to small businesses. It’s the first time the government has hit the target since 2005. Or rather, it would be.
In the fine print at the bottom of the federal database, however, GSA officials note that the SBA’s annual reports are “generated by taking a snapshot of data from the Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS) on a certain date.” They also point out that “FPDS is a dynamic database, and agencies can change historical information if the details of a contract have changed.”
However, unlike the government’s reports on, say, job growth and gross domestic product, which reflect revisions when necessary to previously issued estimates, the SBA does not go back and update its future reports to reflect any changes in the numbers.
Question is, do those initial snapshots stand the test of time?
Without exception, the answer is no.
A comparison of the SBA’s reports and the federal database reveal a disparity every year dating back to 2006, the first year the agency started publishing its small-business contracting scorecards online. More importantly, the variation follows a consistent pattern; that is, for every year since 2006, the updated database numbers show that a smaller share of government work actually went to small firms than what was originally reported.
Moreover, the gap between what was initially reported by the SBA and what the updated numbers show widens over time. In 2012, for instance, the SBA reported that small businesses claimed 22.25 percent of work, based on the snapshot of the moment. Now two years later, the database shows they claimed 22.17 percent, a 0.08 swing.
Going back a year earlier, the difference in what was originally reported in 2011 (21.65 percent) and what the database now shows for that year (21.54 percent) stands at 0.11 percent. The pattern continues for other years, going back to 2006, when what SBA first reported (22.83 percent) is now more than percentage point higher than what the database now shows was actually awarded to small firms (21.73 percent).
Asked about the disparity, SBA officials directed attention to that same footnote about the snapshot in time that appears in tiny print at the bottom of the federal database.
Of course, fractions of or even a single percentage point appear inconsequential on first glance. But with the government spending upwards of $350 billion in what officials consider small-business eligible contracts, a difference of one percentage point represents more than $3 billion in fewer contracts actually being awarded to small businesses than what was originally reported.
So, why do the numbers change? Are more large-business contracts being reported later, thus pushing down the percentage that was awarded to small firms? Or are the initial small-business contracting numbers inflated?
It appears to be the latter. Because while the total amount of contracts that went to small companies the past two years still remains nearly the same in the database as what was first reported by the SBA, the numbers start to sink when you go back any further.
In 2010, for instance, the SBA reported that small businesses were awarded $98 billion, whereas the database now shows they were awarded $96.4 billion, a difference of $1.6 billion. A year earlier, small firms were awarded $3.2 billion less than what was originally declared. Going back to 2008, the difference is now $5.1 billion.
That comes as no surprise to Ashok Mehan, chief executive of FedMine, a Rockville company that gathers and analyzes contracting data from federal databases like FPDS.
Often, he said, his team can see where a contract from several years earlier was manually switched from small-business award to large-business award. If such a change is necessary, he says contracting officers at the agency are supposed to file an official modification notice indicating that there has been a revision.
“That doesn’t always happen,” Mehan said.
Coupled with evidence that many contracts that count toward the small-business goal every year were actually awarded to large corporations, either through misrepresentation by a company or misclassification by an agency, it seems premature to celebrate 2013 as the year the federal government finally delivered on its promise to small businesses.
And with the federal database currently showing that less than 20 percent of the prime contracts awarded so far in 2014 have gone to small firms, this year isn’t looking promising, either.
Follow J.D. Harrison and On Small Business on Twitter.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he runs the On Small Business blog.

India s textiles  apparel exports to rise by 10% this yearIndia's textiles, apparel exports to rise by 10% this year
Reuters
Tweet
MUMBAI, Sept 29:  
India's cotton and apparel exports are set to climb by around 10 per cent this year as higher wages, political instability and concerns about workplace conditions in other producing markets steer international buyers toward Indian exporters, industry officials said.
The rise in textile shipments from India - currently around 4.5 per cent of world trade - may eat into top exporter China's 36 per cent share of the market and will be a boon for Indian textile merchants keen to exploit rising demand stemming from weak cotton prices and global economic growth.
"My orders have increased by about 20 per cent so far this financial year. It's a golden period for the Indian textiles industry," said Vijay Agarwal, chairman of Mumbai-based Creative Group, a leading apparel exporter.
Buoyed by fresh export orders, Agarwal is keen to expand his business by investing 2 billion rupees ($32.71 million) in the next year.
The main markets for Indian textiles at the moment are the United States and European Union.
Agarwal and other Indian exporters are anticipating a rise of roughly 5 per cent in global demand for textiles and apparel this year.
In addition, India's textile exporters feel the relatively low labour costs in their country, alongside record domestic cotton production this year, should help them gain market share from other exporters in the region.
Cambodia looks set to lose some consumer demand after the government deployed troops in the capital earlier this month as garment workers held rallies to revive a campaign for higher wages that had helped stoke a year-long political crisis.
Textile manufacturers in Vietnam, meanwhile, have been hobbled by the high cost of credit and have struggled to finance expansion drives aimed at winning export market share.
And the collapse of a garment factory in Bangladesh last year continues to divert buyers to India and other markets because of enduring concerns over Bangladeshi workshop safety.
OUSTING CHINA
Aside from stronger global demand, larger domestic cotton supplies will also help India push textile and apparel exports up by about 10 per cent in 2014/15, said Ajay Sardana, vice-president of Grasim, part of the Aditya Birla conglomerate, on the sidelines of a recent conference in Mumbai.
India will be the world's No. 1 cotton grower this year, ousting China from the top spot for the first time in over 30 years, the U.S. government forecast on Sept. 12.
The Cotton Association of India has pegged next year's output at 39.63 million bales, but experts believe production could be as high as 41 million bales as the area under cultivation has gone up this year.
Expansion in domestic demand is also likely, with India's local textiles market expected to grow to $65-$68 billion in coming years from the current $60 billion, Sardana added.
And unlike in some markets such as China and Cambodia, labour remains cheap in India, keeping costs competitive, said D. K. Nair, secretary general of the Confederation of Indian Textile Industry.
But while exports are expected to rise from India, China, with textiles and apparel exports worth $270 billion, around seven times that of India's receipts, is expected to remain the dominant player.
India's relatively poor infrastructure, wobbly energy supplies and lack of a business-friendly environment for both foreign and domestic investors are expected to constrain overall export growth over the near to medium term, said Christian Schindler, director general of the International Textile Manufacturers Federation.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

NTPC ties up $250 million loan with Mizuho BankNTPC ties up $250 million loan with Mizuho Bank
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 04.50PM IST
Tags:
K Biswal
(NTPC, country's largest…)
NEW DELHI: NTPC, country's largest power generation utility, has tied up loans to the tune of $250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited for funding its expansion plans.
The company has tied up Syndicated Term Loan Facility of $250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited's Singapore Branch, NTPC said in a statement.
The loan carries a floating rate of interest linked to LIBOR (Short for London interbank offered rate, the rate of interest that top-quality banks charge each other for loans) and has a door to door maturity of 7 years.
The loan agreement has been executed at Hong Kong by K Biswal , Director (Finance) on behalf of the company.
"The proceeds of the facility will be utilized to finance capital expenditure on the company's ongoing and new projects and renovation and modernisation of stations," the statement said.
NTPC has an installed capacity of 43,128 MW and the company has projects with a total capacity of 23,854 MW under construction.
The company which is facing shortage in domestic fuel supplies and has plans to import 17 million tonnes (MT) of coal this fiscal which is higher than the quantity purchased last financial year.
NTPC plans to add 1,798 MW generation in the current financial year ending March 2015. Its total coal requirement is estimated to be 177 MT for this fiscal.
During the 2013-14 period, NTPC consumed 158.57 MMT of coal, with imports accounting for 10.39 MT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panneerselvam weeps at swearing-in  rushes to meet Jaya in prisonComments
A tearful AIADMK leader O Panneerselvam was sworn in as Tamil Nadu chief minister on Monday as some of his ministerial colleagues broke down in an emotional ceremony two days after party chief J Jayalalithaa was jailed in a corruption case.
 
The new chief minister pulled out a handkerchief to wipe his tears as he took the oath with a picture of Jayalalithaa in his hand at Raj Bhavan in Chennai where emotions have been running high since the AIADMK chief was sentenced to four years in prison in a disproportionate assets case.
 
The 66-year-old Jayalalithaa, who has a cult following in Tamil Nadu, approached the Karnataka high court on Monday challenging the conviction and the matter is expected to come up before a vacation bench on Tuesday.
 
Most of the 30 MLAs who followed Panneerselvam were sobbing and their voices were low as they were sworn into the new council of ministers.
O Panneerselvam weeps at the swearing-in ceremony. (Agency photo)
Before they came for the swearing-in, many of them participated in AIADMK protests against Jayalalithaa’s conviction. Angry Jayalalithaa supporters held protests in Chennai and Bangalore over the weekend with hundreds of party workers damaging vehicles and wailing women throwing themselves on the ground.
Jaya moves HC against conviction, Panneerselvam sworn in
The 63-year-old Panneerselvam was rewarded for his loyalty and devotion to Jayalalithaa for the second time: the former film-star-turned-politician handed over responsibility to him in 2001 following her conviction in a land deals case that was later overturned.
The conviction effectively slams the door on Jayalalithaa’s political career for some years. But analysts say the powerful politician, who is popularly known as Amma, is likely to pull the strings from behind bars with a staunch loyalist occupying the chief minister’s chair. 
 
Unless her conviction is overturned by a higher court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years while she is in jail and six after release.
 
Jayalalithaa and three of her close aides are lodged in Bengaluru’s central jail after being convicted in the corruption case.

Honeywell Aerospace inks pact with Tata PowerSep 29, 2014, 04.53 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Honeywell Aerospace inks pact with Tata Power
"This agreement sets the standard for locally produced defence technologies to sustain India's military growth and mission success over the coming years," Tata Power SED Chief Executive Rahul Chaudhry said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Honeywell Aerospace inks pact with Tata Power
"This agreement sets the standard for locally produced defence technologies to sustain India's military growth and mission success over the coming years," Tata Power SED Chief Executive Rahul Chaudhry said.
Post your opinion here
 
Honeywell Aerospace has signed an agreement with  Tata Power to enable it to produce the US-based firm's tactical advanced land inertial navigators (Talin) in India. "Honeywell Aerospace has signed a licensing agreement with Tata Power's strategic engineering division (SED) enabling it to produce Honeywell's Talin in India," a release issued here said.
This Honeywell-patented technology enables vehicles and artillery to navigate very precisely even where GPS satellite guidance is not available. "Our strategic agreement with Honeywell supports our SED's commitment to the 'Make in India' initiative - a priority for the new government. "This agreement sets the standard for locally produced defence technologies to sustain India's military growth and mission success over the coming years," Tata Power SED Chief Executive Rahul Chaudhry said.
Tata Power has completed this technology sharing arrangement, which will offer the Indian armed forces a state-of-the-art inertial navigation technology, made in India and with local product support, he added. Honeywell will license the design, hardware and expertise to assemble, test and, in the future, build the production kits for Talin to Tata Power SED. "Talin represents the latest in GPS-free navigation and positioning technology, designed to improve asset safety and ultimately mission success.
"By partnering with Tata Power, we are aligning with the government's aim of increasing locally manufactured technologies for India's defence industry and giving the Indian armed forces an easy-to-justify option for navigation on the 21st century battlefield," said Arijit Ghosh, President-India, Honeywell Aerospace. Production and manufacturing of the system components is expected by 2016.
At this time, the agreement will also be extended to cover Honeywell's Talin 3000, 4000 and 5000 products, which offer varying capabilities to suit a wide range of operational requirements.
Tata Power stock price
On November 21, 2014, Tata Power Company closed at Rs 88.10, down Rs 1.3, or 1.45 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 115.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 68.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.32 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.54. The latest book value of the company is Rs 52.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.67.
RELATED NEWS

RPI-BJP deal: Is Athawale the real beneficiary in the name of Dalits9
1
Mumbai: In the home state of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, the Dalit leader Ramdas Athawale has made an electoral pact with the BJP. It easily got him a Rajya Sabha membership before the Lok Sabha polls and now eight seats in the Assembly elections. However, this move is not being welcomed by many Dalit organizations in Maharashtra. There are chances of Dalit forces disintegrating further in the Assembly elections.
In a tussle between the BJP and the Shiv Sena, Uddhav Thackeray, the executive president of the Shiv Sena in a public meeting offered Athawale the deputy chief ministership in an effort to unite the Shiv Sena and Bhim Sena. It was expected that Athawale would side with the Shiv Sena, as it is a mass based party similar to the Dalit organizations and more liberal compared to the BJP. Moreover, it was Shiv Sena, which made all out efforts to convince Athawale to join the saffron fold with the singular objective of defeating the NCP-Congress Government. In Mahayuti (mega alliance) Athawale was an active partner and contributed considerably to the victory of the BJP in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Although Athawale joined the alliance, he has maintained good relations with the NCP leader, Sharad Pawar. According to some political observers, Athawale made the pact with the BJP on the advice of Pawar. Even as the alliance was taking shape, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan announced the first list of the Congress candidates. It prompted Pawar to send Athawale to New Delhi to meet with the top brass of the BJP. This visit hastened the process of the BJP-Shiv Sena split. However, Athawale claims that he wants to take the advantage by going with the ruling party at the Centre. He said that it would help the welfare of the Dalit and they will get some economic and political benefits.
Ramdas Athawale claims that he wants to take the advantage by going with the ruling party at the Centre.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ramdas athawale #rpi #bjp
Nevertheless, in the political fight between BJP and Shiv Sena, Athawale has remained as the primary beneficiary who might be made a Union minister. It is also important to note that Athawale got the Rajya Sabha seat from the BJP quota recently. Despite his efforts for the welfare of the Dalits, Athawale is considered a self-seeking leader. It seems that in the coming days a major split in the Republican Party of India (RPI) is expected.
Sajeev Unhale is a former executive editor of Marathi newspaper Lokmat, Aurangabad. He writes for IBNLive on Maharashtra Assembly elections
8

Sachin Tendulkar to flag off CRPF marathon on October 12Sep 29, 2014 at 04:43pm IST
Sachin Tendulkar to flag off CRPF marathon on October 12
5
1
New Delhi: Cricket star Sachin Tendulkar will flag off the first-ever 'unity' marathon run being hosted here by the country's largest paramilitary CRPF on October 12.
The force will conduct 'Run for Unity' half-marathon as part of celebrating 75 years of its raising in 2014.
"Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar will be flagging off the marathon. We are expecting a host of other sporting legends and dignitaries from different walks of life to join officers and jawans of the force during the event," CRPF spokesperson (Northern Sector) Prashant Srivastava said.
The force will conduct 'Run for Unity' half-marathon as part of celebrating 75 years of its raising in 2014.
#sachin tendulkar #crpf marathon #sushil kumar #jaspal rana
Among those who are expected to join the event are cricketer Virender Sehwag and boxer Mary Kom who have already associated themselves with the sporting activity.
Sportspersons like Sushil Kumar, Jaspal Rana, Ajit Pal Singh and actor Nana Patekar are too expected to join the run which is being undertaken as a tribute to the martyrs of CRPF, which is leading the anti-Naxal operations in the country.
The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), raised in 1939, also renders a host of internal security tasks like countering insurgency in the northeast and combating militancy in Jammu and Kashmir.
A total of Rs 19.10 lakh in prize money will be given to the winners.
The winners of the half-narathon in both men and women's category will get Rs 3 lakh each, while those finishing second and third will be richer by Rs 2 and 1 lakh respectively.
Those who will rank 4-10 after the run will get a prize money ranging from Rs 25,000 to Rs 80,000.
The marathon will be flagged off from Jawahar Lal Nehru stadium.
4

Sensex edges lower on caution ahead of RBI policy reviewSensex edges lower on caution ahead of RBI policy review
Singareni to open India s biggest underground mineSingareni to open India's biggest underground mine
Reuters | New Delhi Sep 29, 2014 04:36 PM IST
The country's second-largest coal producer Singareni Collieries will open the country's biggest underground mine next month with a capacity of 2.8 million tonnes per year, which should help the firm edge past its output target for this fiscal year.
Singareni's better-than-expected output will ensure sufficient supplies to south India-based power plants it caters to, at a time when the country is facing a severe shortage of coal. Nearly half of India's power plants have less than a week's stock of the fuel.
Singareni's output is just about 10% of what Coal India, the world's largest miner, digs out. But its small size and focus on one state, Telangana, has helped it beat its production targets for years, unlike Coal India that has its mines across the country.
Sutirtha Bhattacharya, Singareni's chairman, told Reuters on Monday the company will be able to produce about 1-1.5 million this fiscal year from the new underground mine. Most of India's mines are easy-to-operate open cast pits.
The company expects to produce a total of 55 million tonnes in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, and 56 million the year after that. Its target for the current fiscal year was 54.5 million.
"We are the only company to provide more than 100% of what we commit to our power customers," Bhattacharya said. "We also make up for others' deficits and help in lowering imports."
Most of the power plants with critical stocks are suffering from low levels of supply from Coal India, which is struggling to raise output as rains slowed activity in some mines.
Coal India fell short of its production target of 183.9 million tonnes for April-August by 8 million tonnes. The company fears it may not be able to meet its commitment of supplying 408 million tonnes to power firms this fiscal year.
The inability of Coal India - accounting for 80% of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough has made India the world's third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.

Benefit of Ranbaxy deal to accrue in few years: Sun PharmaBenefit of Ranbaxy deal to accrue in few years: Sun Pharma
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 29, 2014 04:34 PM IST
It will take a "few years" for Sun Pharma to realise the benefits of its $4 billion takeover of Ranbaxy, said the company's Chairman Israel Makov, terming the deal as a "complex and large acquisition".
Sun will leverage on complementary functional strengths to achieve topline growth and gains through both revenue enhancement and operational synergies, translating into higher margins, greater market share and more profits through the takeover of Ranbaxy, he said.
"Ranbaxy is a large and complex acquisition and it will take us a few years to fully realise the above benefits," Markov said while addressing the shareholders last week.
He added that Sun has robust track record of turning around its acquisitions into success stories.
The proposed acquisition is expected to close by the end of 2014, subject to approvals from Indian Courts and the anti- trust body in India and the US, Makov said.
"This landmark transaction has the potential to create significant value for shareholders of both the companies in the long term... The merged entity will emerge as the world's 5th largest specialty generic company with strong presence in India, emerging markets and the US," Makov said.
He added that the relatively low share of Indian firms in the US generics market implies good long-term potential.
"Post the closure of the Ranbaxy acquisition, Sun Pharma will become the largest Indian supplier of pharmaceutical products to the US market," Makov said.
Sun Pharma Managing Director Dilip Shanghvi said the combination with Ranbaxy in the US will result in pro-forma revenues of about $2.2 billion based on 12-months ended December 2013.
"The merged entity will become No.1 in the generic dermatology market and No 3 in the branded dermatology market," he added.
On the key challenges facing the company, Shanghvi said as the company grows its international business, regulatory compliance, maintaining quality standards and retaining talent remain critical to the Sun Pharma's sustained performance.
"Pharmaceutical regulation is evolving rapidly around the world, both in the developed and developing countries. Regulatory agencies continue to raise quality standards, implying that companies will have to continuously improve quality systems and processes to remain complaint," he added.
The Sun Pharma scrip closed at Rs 834.20, up 3.36%, on the BSE.

Malnutrition  related diseases a major issue in India: VardhanPress Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:52 pm
Malnutrition and related diseases is a very serious issue in 184 deprived districts across the country and the Centre will launch a campaign to check it, Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said on Monday.
“The government is very serious and sensitive on pre-mature deaths due to malnutrition, especially in 184 deprived districts in the country, including Rajasthan,” Vardhan said replying to media questions during a video press conference from the national capital.
The Health Minister said the government will undertake a massive “andolan” (campaign) of one week on malnutrition which causes anaemia and other diseases and malnutrition management will be taken up in a detailed programme to be announced in Delhi on October 9, he said.
To a question that Rajasthan’s free medicine and diagnostic services in government hospitals have allegedly slowed down during the new BJP government, the minister said for better medical care, a massive Universal Health Assurance Mission (UHAM) was in the offing which will cater to all needs of the people, especially the poor.
He said a special drive against cancer will be announced on November 7 which will cover Rajasthan also.
Giving assurance, the minister said he will talk to the Rajasthan government and Health Minister R S Rathore on thestatus of free medicine and diagnostic services being provided in the state.
To a question related to shortage of doctors and paramedical staff, corrupt practices in the sector and seven new upcoming medical colleges, the Minister said it is a state subject and the competent authorities should take the responsibility to fulfil the need and take strict action against those who are careless, corrupt and dishonest.
Besides the faculty and paramedical staff doing good jobs should be rewarded, Vardhan said.
The minister said a few medical professionals not taking their job seriously should not pollute the entire medical fraternity.

Kindergarten kid locked up in doghouse; principal arrestedPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 9:44 pm
Police on Monday arrested the headmistress of a private English medium school following a complaint that a UKG student was locked up in a dog kennel for talking to friends. The dog was taken out of the pent, when the tiny tot was kept inside.
The alleged incident occurred at Jawahar English Medium School on the outskirts of the city on last Thursday. However, a complaint was filed on Monday. Police arrested school headmistress Sashikala of the school, which has been functioning in a shed within a premises of a house. The student’s class teacher Deepika, who locked up him in the kennel, is absconding.
However, school manager Raveendran Pillai said the case was fabricated and no such incident occurred. Certain vested groups were behind the complaint. The UKG boy was tutored to raise charges against the school, said Pillai.
Police said the headmistress was charged under IPC sections 317 (exposure and abandoning of a child by a person having care of it), 342 (wrongful confinement) and Juvenile Justice (care and protection of child) Act.
The victim’s parent Jomon said his son was locked up in the dog kennel from morning to evening. His elder daughter, studying  in an upper primary class at the same school, saw the boy languishing in the dog house when she went to use the urinal.
When the girl took up the matter with the headmistress, she, according to the complainant, threatened that a stick would be screwed down in her mouth if she informed the family about the incident.
The family said the kid was not given noon meal. The siblings, however, attended the school on Friday. The incident came to light after the girl student took up the matter with her relative, who, in turn, advised the parents to file a police complaint.
The education and the social welfare departments have launched separate probes.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan demanded that the victim’s class teacher and the headmistress should be booked under nonbailable offences for their inhumane act.

Chandy would face same fate as Jayalalithaa: CPI(M) leader AchuthanandanPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:39 pm
Kerala Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan on Monday said Chief Minister Oommen Chandy would face the fate of his former Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa, who was convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
Achuthanandan said Jayalalithaa had tried every trick to wriggle out of the case. But finally she had to go to jail after 18 years. A similar fate is awaiting Chandy, who is allegedly involved in corruption cases such as solar scam, titanium corruption case and 22-year-old palmolein import case.
The CPI (M) veteran said if an impartial probe is held into these cases, Chandy would be convicted. Chandy has been trying to escape from the case either by influencing the investigating officers or shunting them out. He tried to write off many cases. Whatever be the gimmicks, one day Chandy would have to go to jail, said Achuthanandan, a former chief minister.
 

Solar energy could dominate electricity by 2...Solar energy could dominate electricity by 2050: International Energy Agency
By Reuters | 29 Sep, 2014, 05.14PM IST
0
Share More
Solar energy could be the top source of electricity by 2050, aided by plummeting costs of the equipment to generate it, a report from the IEA said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Solar energy could be the top source of electricity by 2050, aided by plummeting costs of the equipment to generate it, a report from the International Energy Agency (IEA), the West's energy watchdog, said on Monday.
IEA Reports said solar photovoltaic (PV) systems could generate up to 16 percent of the world's electricity by 2050, while solar thermal electricity (STE) - from "concentrating" solar power plants - could provide a further 11 per cent.
"The rapid cost decrease of photovoltaic modules and systems in the last few years has opened new perspectives for using solar energy as a major source of electricity in the coming years and decades," said IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven .
Solar photovoltaic (PV) panels constitute the fastest growing renewable energy technology in the world since 2000, although solar is still less than 1 percent of energy capacity worldwide.
The IEA said PV expansion would be led by China, followed by the United States, while STE could also grow in the United States along with Africa, India and the Middle East.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

PM Narendra Modi Meets Top CEOs in AmericaYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Has Breakfast with CEOs, Will Dine with Obama
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 19:04 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
In his first engagement of the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is meeting CEOs of 11 top US companies over breakfast. Among those present are Google's Eric Schmidt and PepsiCo's Indira Nooyi.
Among other business leaders at the table are David M. Rubenstein of the Carlyle Group, Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat, Doug Oberhelman of Caterpillar Inc, Michael Ball of US-based global pharmaceutical company Hospira Inc and Kenneth C. Frazier of Merck and Co. (Read: Why PM Modi is meeting global CEOs in US )
Breakfast will be followed by one-on-one meetings of 15 to 20 minutes each with six other CEOs - W. James (Jim) McNerney Jr, chairman of Boeing; Laurence D. Fink, CEO of American multinational investment management firm Black Rock; Ginni Rometty, president and CEO of IBM; Jeffrey R. Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric; Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs, and Henry Kravis, CEO of American private equity fund Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co (KKR).
At all these meetings, the Prime Minister is expected to hard sell India as the best investment destination in Asia. India needs huge investment to drive its manufacturing sector, which is the biggest job creator.
The new Modi government has vowed to increase the share of the manufacturing sector to 25 per cent of the GDP from 15 per cent currently. For this, the sector needs to grow at 10 per cent annually. Hours before he left for the US last week, Prime Minister Modi launched the ambitious "Make in India" campaign, where he promised red carpet treatment for investors minus the red tape that has come to be associated with doing business in India. (Read: US investors warm up to PM Modi, but want quick reforms, tax clarity )
On Sunday, at a packed Madison Square Garden in New York, the Prime Minister repeated that promise and vowed to repeal archaic laws and make investing easier in the country.
PM Modi has had a long experience of negotiating with top business leaders and as Gujarat's Chief Minister, he made the "Vibrant Gujarat" investors summit a successful brand.
Officials said he does not need anyone to help him with business talk and does it with great confidence and elan. On a trip to Japan last month too PM Modi engaged deeply in business talk - placing the needs of investment before CEOs clearly, promising all help, and getting firm answers, officials added.
The "Vibrant Gujarat" biennial event was launched in 2003. It has grown in the last 12 years to emerge as "a global business hub" and has established Gujarat as a major investment destination. Next year's summit, to be held in January, is being billed as the "Davos of the East".
(With agency inputs)
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 17:48 (IST)

Sandesh: Appointment of Director and Independent Directors at AGMSep 29, 2014, 05.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sandesh: Appointment of Director and Independent Directors at AGM
Sandesh has informed about Appointment of Director and Independent Directors at the 71st Annual General Meeting held on September 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sandesh: Appointment of Director and Independent Directors at AGM
Sandesh has informed about Appointment of Director and Independent Directors at the 71st Annual General Meeting held on September 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sandesh Ltd has informed BSE about Appointment of Director and Independent Directors at the 71st Annual General Meeting held on September 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ritesh Properties Industries: Revised disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 29, 2014, 05.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ritesh Properties & Industries: Revised disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Ritesh Properties & Industries has submitted a copy of Revised details of Voting results of the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 25, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ritesh Properties & Industries: Revised disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Ritesh Properties & Industries has submitted a copy of Revised details of Voting results of the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 25, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Ritesh Properties & Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Revised details of Voting results of the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 25, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Tribhuvan Housing: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 05.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tribhuvan Housing: Outcome of AGM
Tribhuvan Housing has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tribhuvan Housing: Outcome of AGM
Tribhuvan Housing has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Tribhuvan Housing Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

When Hackers Steal A Web Address  Few Owners Ever Get It BackWhen Hackers Steal A Web Address, Few Owners Ever Get It Back
Posted:
reddit
For nearly two decades, Michael Lee owned a prized piece of Internet real estate: the website MLA.com. The three letters stood for his graphic design and advertising business, Michael Lee and Associates, but they also represented an unusual investment opportunity. A short or memorable Internet address can be worth thousands or even millions of dollars. Facebook reportedly paid $8.5 million to buy Fb.com in 2010, while Porn.com went for $9.5 million in 2007.
Lee, 58, bought his domain in 1997 for a modest $600. A domain name appraiser recently valued the website at $47,000. Lee planned to eventually sell MLA.com and use the money as part of his retirement.
That is, until May of last year, when he received shocking news: A hacker had stolen his website, and there was nothing GoDaddy, his domain registrar, could do to get it back.
“That’s when I freaked out,” he said in a recent interview.
Michael Lee's domain name, MLA.com, was stolen last
year. He still hasn't got it back.
More than a year later, Lee still hasn’t recovered his website. He has filed a lawsuit against the site’s new owner, a man in Russia named Alexey Kremnev, hoping a judge will return the address to him. Meanwhile, Lee said the theft has damaged both his professional and personal life. He said his business has lost $200,000 in sales since MLA.com was stolen because customers still try to reach him at his old address. The lost revenue has forced him to lay off freelancers, eat fewer meals out and move his family into a less-expensive home. Lee, who has three grandchildren and lives in the Chicago suburbs with his wife of 34 years, said his retirement plans are now on hold.
“A lot of customers have said, ‘I tried to email you and it kept bouncing back, so I gave the job to someone else,” Lee said in an interview. “I’ve lost a ton of business. I’ve also lost a three-letter domain that I was counting on for my retirement.”
Lee is a victim of domain theft, a scheme in which hackers steal valuable Internet addresses and sell them in online forums or extort their rightful owners. At a time when cyber criminals are targeting banks, retailers and celebrities, domain theft victims suffer a uniquely devastating blow. Many are small business owners who rely on their websites to reach customers online and consider their unique URLs to be expensive property they can sell for a large profit.
Domain theft has been happening since the dawn of the Web. But while the Internet has created a place where small and large businesses can flourish, the law has not evolved to protect people from thieves who hijack their domains. When their websites are stolen, many business owners find they have nowhere to turn to recover them.
Several recent victims interviewed by The Huffington Post said they got little or no help from domain registrars like GoDaddy, Internet.bs or HostMonster. Victims also said they couldn't get help from local law enforcement or the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, known as ICANN, a California-based nonprofit responsible for managing the Internet address system.
Jonathan Askin says domain theft victims have little
legal recourse.
In many cases, victims can’t even file a lawsuit to recover their stolen web addresses because most states don’t have laws that recognize domain names as property, said Jonathan Askin, a technology law professor at Brooklyn Law School.
“It’s a serious problem without any legitimate recourse,” Askin said.
As the value of domain names has grown, major companies are taking security more seriously, even hiring third-party firms to guard their web addresses from thieves. Perhaps as a result, reports of domain theft have become somewhat rare. The FBI received 26 reports of domain theft over the past year, according to an FBI spokesman.
But domain hijacking often goes unreported, Askin said. And it's small businesses that are both more vulnerable and more likely to be financially destroyed by the theft. Hackers know small businesses make easy targets because they don’t have the resources or knowledge to secure their domain names, said Leo Taddeo, head of the FBI’s cyber division in New York.
Hackers typically go after websites that are not being used by their owners, who have either bought the domains to host websites or to sell them for profit later. So thefts often go unnoticed for months. When victims finally discover what happened, they feel it’s too late to do anything about it, Askin said.
A short, catchy domain name can be worth millions of dollars,
making the URLs valuable targets for hackers.
Criminals typically steal domain names by hacking into a victim’s email account. From there, they gain control of a domain -- often without its rightful owner knowing -- by replying to an email sent by the registrar to approve the transfer of the website to the hacker's account.
When that happens, most victims contact the company where they bought their domain name, assuming the registrar can quickly get it back. But that’s not always the case.
Known for its sexually charged Super Bowl ads, GoDaddy is the world’s largest registrar. It boasts of having the widest selection of domain names and mostly sells them for between $10 and $50 a year.
But in the fine print, GoDaddy’s terms of service state that customers are “solely responsible” for keeping their websites secure and the company is not liable for loss due to fraud.
When websites are stolen, GoDaddy spokesman Nick Fuller said the company “does everything in our power to help our customers recover their domain names.”
“GoDaddy has a knowledgeable and experienced team dedicated to handling these situations,” Fuller said in an email. “We employ every avenue available to us in order to return hijacked or disputed domain names.”
GoDaddy said the company’s policies -- such as waiting two months before transferring a domain to someone else -- have protected many customers from thieves who falsely claim their domains were stolen. “In reality, the supposed ‘victim’ in such cases is often really a thief attempting to socially engineer our staff,” Fuller said.
Fuller said the company also offers two-step authentication, which requires customers to enter a pin code sent to their phones when they log in to their accounts. The security feature is supposed to make it harder for hackers to steal domains because they must also have access to their victims' phones.
Lee said he does not remember GoDaddy offering him the added security feature, and he assumed that he could trust the company to protect his website from hackers.
“The case is pretty clear,” Lee wrote in an email to GoDaddy after he lost MLA.com. “I’ve owned the domain since 1997. I parked [it] with GoDaddy for two years. Someone hacked my account and now it is gone. Your job is to bring it back to where it was.”
But Fuller, the GoDaddy spokesman, said the company can only go so far when a customer's website is stolen because GoDaddy must follow rules created by ICANN. Fuller said GoDaddy could not return MLA.com to Lee because someone had transferred it to Internet.bs, a lesser-known registrar based in the Bahamas, and Internet.bs refused to transfer it back to GoDaddy.
“We have little recourse in this type of situation, and cannot ‘force’ a gaining registrar to return a domain,” Fuller said.
In an emailed statement, Patty Miller, an Internet.bs representative, said the company could not determine the rightful owner of MLA.com because it was allegedly stolen while managed by another registrar and was transferred legally to Internet.bs. Miller said the company was willing to cooperate with any investigation into the matter, but so far the alleged theft of MLA.com “remains unsubstantiated.”
“Our own investigations into the matter have been concluded,” Miller said. “We urge Mr. Lee to pursue his complaint through the proper legal channels.”
In April, Lee’s attorney, Stevan Lieberman, filed a lawsuit, asking a judge to return MLA.com to him. The case is still pending.
Lee’s graphic design and advertising company has four full-time employees and more than 20 clients, including the credit card company Discover. He said it took eight months to build his business back to where it was before his domain name was stolen. He now runs the company from michaellee.com, which he calls “a longer, less-attractive” domain. Visitors to MLA.com are greeted with a default web page that suggests the site’s new owner hasn’t decided what to do with it.
Lee said the episode has been a painful lesson in how easily someone can steal a domain and “totally upset your personal and business life.”
“You have to start over after having spent years building something up. It just kind of wipes you out.”
- Michael Lee, the former owner of MLA.com
“You have to start over after having spent years building something up,” he said. “It just kind of wipes you out.”
If a registrar like GoDaddy can’t help, domain theft victims have little other recourse. They rarely win lawsuits because courts in most states have ruled that website names are only contracts between customers and domain registrars and victims can’t sue to get them back. California and Nebraska are just two of a few states where the courts treat domain names as physical property and allow victims to file lawsuits to recover them, according to Askin, the professor at Brooklyn Law School.
Albert Angel convinced prosecutors to charge the hacker
who stole his domain name, P2P.com.
Local police don’t provide much help either because they don’t know how to handle such cases, according to Albert Angel, a former Justice Department lawyer. Angel bought the website P2P.com for $160,000 in July 2005 as an investment, but it was stolen from him a year later. He reported the theft to Miami-Dade police, who sent an officer to his door.
“I told the officer that our domain had been stolen. He scratched his head and said, ‘OK, what’s a domain?’”
- Former Justice Department lawyer Albert Angel
“I told the officer that our domain had been stolen,” Angel said in an interview. “He scratched his head and said, ‘OK, what’s a domain?’”
Angel filed a lawsuit against the thief in New Jersey, where Angel believed that he was living, and gathered enough evidence to convince prosecutors there to pursue a criminal case. They charged Daniel Goncalves, a 25-year-old computer technician living in New Jersey, with stealing P2P.com by hacking Angel’s email account. Goncalves later sold the website for $111,000 to Mark Madsen, a professional basketball player who last played for the Los Angeles Clippers and has also bought and sold domain names.
Madsen was unaware the domain was stolen and later gave P2P.com back to Angel, who has since turned the address into a website that matches people in need of loans with lenders. In 2011, Goncalves pleaded guilty and was sentenced to five years in prison in what is believed to be the only criminal conviction for domain theft.
Legal experts and victims have offered several solutions that, if implemented, could help domain theft victims. They argue that Congress should pass legislation that creates a way for them to get their stolen websites back. ICANN could also change its policies to hold registrars like GoDaddy more accountable when domain names are stolen, they say.
For victims who struggle to reclaim their stolen websites, one blogger has emerged as an unlikely source of help. The blogger, who asked that his name not be used because he feared reprisal from hackers, works as a website designer by day and spends his free time publishing a blog about the domain industry called domaingang.com .
DomainGang.com, run by an anonymous blogger, publishes news on the domain industry. The blogger reported that MLA.com appeared to have been stolen.
In an interview, he said he scours online forums for domain names that appear to be stolen because they are advertised for much less money than they are likely worth. He writes about such cases on his blog and notifies the rightful owners.
“I’ll call them up and say ‘Are you aware that your domain name is up for sale?’ They’ll say, ‘No, I had no idea,’” he said.
The blogger said he wants to help others navigate the confusing, stressful process of recovering a stolen domain because he was once a victim of domain theft himself. A decade ago, hackers found a security hole in the company where he registered a website and stole his domain “just because they could,” he said.
“I don’t want these people to lose their property,” he said. “It’s a big headache for a small business owner who has to go through all these hoops to figure out what’s going on, and then they get resistance from their registrars.”
Jordan Reid was forced to negotiate with a hacker to get
her domain name back.
Jordan Reid, a popular lifestyle blogger who writes under a pseudonym, said she was met with such resistance when her website, RamshackleGlam.com , was stolen. She took a less-traveled route to get it back: negotiating with the hacker.
In April, Reid learned that a hacker stole her blog name and tried to sell it for $30,000 on Flippa.com, a marketplace for buying and selling websites. The hacker promised the winning bidder all of Reid’s traffic, files, and data, and said she was available to continue writing posts “for hire.”
Reid said she spent 12 hours a day for the next three days on the phone with HostMonster, where she registered the website name, and GoDaddy, where the hacker had transferred it into a private account. Neither company could return her domain.
So Reid decided to deal with the hacker directly. After they agreed on a price, which she said was less than $30,000, Reid wired the money to the hacker through an account with Escrow.com, a third-party money-transfer website.
Three days after her domain had been stolen, her website was released back to her. But the hacker never got the money. Reid said she quickly placed a stop on the payment, and eventually got the money back in a check from Escrow.com five months later. She also filed a complaint with the FBI, which is still investigating. In a blog post about the ordeal , she said she was “absolutely blown away” by the FBI’s quick response.
But Reid is still surprised that she was forced to take matters into her own hands.
“I think it’s pretty extraordinary that the only recourse I had was to interact with a criminal and pay him off,” Reid said in an interview. “That was the only thing I could do.”
More:

Modi s decisions make the diaspora feel truly welcome: PaulModi s decisions make the diaspora feel truly welcome: Paul
Gokaldas Exports: Outcome of board meetingGokaldas Exports: Outcome of board meeting
SREI Infrastructure to raise up to Rs 1 500 crore via NCDsSREI Infrastructure to raise up to Rs 1 500 crore via NCDs
Indians to see 10.8 per cent salary hike in 2015Indians to see 10.8 per cent salary hike in 2015
Sensex falls 29 points  ends at 26 597.11Sensex falls 29 points  ends at 26 597.11
Kirloskar Industries: Resignation of DirectorKirloskar Industries: Resignation of Director
TN Ministers retain portfolios allocated by JayaTN Ministers retain portfolios allocated by Jaya
Ferro Alloys Corporation: Resignation of DirectorSep 29, 2014, 05.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ferro Alloys Corporation: Resignation of Director
Ferro Alloys Corporation has informed that Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan has tendered his resignation as a Director of the Company w.e.f. September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ferro Alloys Corporation: Resignation of Director
Ferro Alloys Corporation has informed that Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan has tendered his resignation as a Director of the Company w.e.f. September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ferro Alloys Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan has tendered his resignation as a Director of the Company w.e.f. September 29, 2014.Source : BSE

BPL: Outcome of board meetingSep 29, 2014, 05.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BPL: Outcome of board meeting
BPL has board meeting held on September 29, 2014, has approved the following; 1. Disinvestment of 11,54,14,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each held as investment in Bharat Energy Ventures Ltd. The said shares will be sold at a fair value of Rs. 10/- each to Electronic Research Private Limited.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BPL: Outcome of board meeting
BPL has board meeting held on September 29, 2014, has approved the following; 1. Disinvestment of 11,54,14,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each held as investment in Bharat Energy Ventures Ltd. The said shares will be sold at a fair value of Rs. 10/- each to Electronic Research Private Limited.
Post your opinion here
 
BPL Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 29, 2014, has approved the following;1. Disinvestment of 11,54,14,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each held as investment in Bharat Energy Ventures Ltd. The saidshares will be sold at a fair value of Rs. 10/- each to Electronic Research Private Limited.2. Mr. S. V. Ganesh has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with immediate effect.Source : BSE

Shetron : Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 05.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shetron : Outcome of AGM
Shetron has informed that the 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shetron : Outcome of AGM
Shetron has informed that the 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shetron Ltd has informed BSE that the 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Meet Chicago s billionairesThe richest people in Illinois
Caption Eric Lefkofsky, $1.55 billion
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Eric Lefkofsky is co-founder and CEO of Groupon. He is the 17th richest man in Illinois and is No. 395 in the U.S.
Eric Lefkofsky is co-founder and CEO of Groupon. He is the 17th richest man in Illinois and is No. 395 in the U.S. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Mark Walter, $1.75 billion
Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times
Mark Walter, 53, is the founder and CEO of Guggenheim Partners. He's the 16th richest person in Illinois and ranks 365th in the U.S. overall.
Mark Walter, 53, is the founder and CEO of Guggenheim Partners. He's the 16th richest person in Illinois and ranks 365th in the U.S. overall. (Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times)
Caption Jennifer Prtizker, $1.8 billion
Yvette Dostatni / Chicago Tribune
Jennifer Pritzker, the world's only known transgender billionaire, is the 15th richest person in Illinois and No. 353 in the U.S.
Jennifer Pritzker, the world's only known transgender billionaire, is the 15th richest person in Illinois and No. 353 in the U.S. (Yvette Dostatni / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Joe Mansueto, $2 billion
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Joe Mansueto, 58, CEO of investment research firm Morningstar Inc., is the 324th richest person in America and the 14th richest in Illinois.
Joe Mansueto, 58, CEO of investment research firm Morningstar Inc., is the 324th richest person in America and the 14th richest in Illinois. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods.
Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune
Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods, is the 281st richest person in America.
Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods, is the 281st richest person in America. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
Seventeen Illinoisans made the latest Forbes 400 list of the nation's richest people. Four out of the Illinois 17 are women and five are members of Chicago's famous family, the Pritzkers.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

Sensex  Nifty drop to 1-month lowsmarket and exchange
Slumping for third straight day, the Sensex dropped 276 points and Nifty fell over 90 points to end at one-month lows on Thursday as metal, power and banking bluechips crumbled due to coal mines de-allocation while the oil and gas sector was hit by selling on deferment of a hike in gas price.
Investor confidence appeared to plummet as heavy selling was seen mostly across-the-board. Not just blue-chips, two-tier counters too bore the brunt of heavy sell-off, said traders. Realty, capital goods, auto and consumer durable shares were also at the receiving end, they added.
Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced market sentiments.
The benchmark S&P BSE 30-share Sensex initially touched a high of 26,814.20 on the back of firm Asian cues prompted by strong closing on Wall Street on Wednesday after robust US housing data for August.
Later, however, emergence of selling pulled it down to a low of 26,349.55 before recovering some ground and concluding at one-month low of 26,468.36, a fall of 276.33 points or 1.03 per cent. In straight three days, it has plunged by 738.38 points or 2.71 per cent.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, “For the third session in row, local indices fell. ONGC and RIL lost over 3 per cent each as government deferred decision on gas price hike. Indices are heading towards to post its first weekly fall in seven weeks.”
As many as 23 Sensex stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI, Hindalco, BHEL and ICICI Bank. However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers.
Similarly, the wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also settled sharply down by 90.55 points at its one-month low of 7,911.85. It has logged an intra-day low of 7,877.35.
Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling 214 mines.
“We believe that the coal block cancellation could adversely impact India’s nascent economic recovery...The impact will be felt across various channels and lead to a rise in non-performing assets of banking sector, an increase in the cost of coal and in turn a rise in power tariffs...,” said India Ratings & Research.

How Wall Street Really Is Failing The PlanetHow Wall Street Really Is Failing The Planet
Posted:
reddit
On Monday, thousands of protesters marched through lower Manhattan to call attention to Wall Street's role in causing global climate change. They weren't wrong to do so.
Financial markets are failing to put enough funding into renewable energy. At the same time, they continue to invest hundreds of billions of dollars in fossil fuels. The chart below, using data provided by Bloomberg New Energy Finance, shows the gulf between the money raised by oil, gas and coal companies and the money raised by renewable energy companies over the past decade. Public equity investment in renewable energy is dwarfed by investment in fossil fuels.
What this chart shows is short-term market efficiency and long-term irrationality caused by political and regulatory failure. Put another way: Investors are putting short-term rewards ahead of the long-term health of the planet.
The International Energy Agency estimates that another $10.5 trillion will need to be invested in clean energy by 2030 to avoid raising the planet's temperature by more than 2 degrees Celsius. If warming exceeds that level -- or even if it falls short -- it could have catastrophic, irreversible effects. That dollar figure includes investments not captured in the chart, but the point is clear: We are nowhere near where we need to be. And the trend of under-investment in green energy is remarkably consistent, holding strong through the latest cycle of economic boom, crash and recovery.
Even the variations within the overall trend are worrying. Financing for fossil fuels snapped back sharply after the financial crisis. Financing for renewable energy, on the other hand, still hasn't returned to its pre-crisis 2007 peak. Investors seek return, and fossil fuels are still a massively larger and more liquid market with reliably higher risk-adjusted returns than renewable energy.
One approach to narrowing this gap between the public good and market behavior is for institutions and wealthy individuals to pledge to sell any fossil-fuel assets they own. There's a well-publicized fossil-fuel divestment campaign that has so far gotten pledges from institutions and individuals with more than $50 billion in assets. These parties have promised to sell their fossil-fuel holdings over a five-year period and invest the proceeds in renewable energy companies. The $860 million Rockefeller Brothers Fund -- launched with money from a fortune built by Standard Oil -- recently became the latest, and most symbolic, member of the divestment campaign.
Unfortunately, that campaign is much smaller than it seems, and it will do little to correct the imbalances in global energy investment. That $50 billion figure refers to the total assets of the participating investors, not the assets they've pledged to sell. It's unclear exactly how much in fossil-fuel assets these investors hold, but you can get a rough idea by using the S&P 500 (currently 10.7 percent energy stocks) and energy as a percent of GDP ( about 8.5 percent ).
At a guess, then, the divestment movement might represent somewhere between $4 billion and $5.5 billion in energy assets. Spread over the course of five years, that won't actually do much to boost renewable energy investment. And as Daniel Gross points out at Slate , it's not as though selling one's stock in an massive oil company does that company a lot of harm. Exxon alone has a market value of more than $400 billion. Most people still buy gas. And every share a divestor sells is a share someone else buys.
The divestment campaign is in a perverse numerical situation. Ultimately, $5 billion over five years is a tiny amount, relative to fossil-fuel investment. But if you actually tried to close this gap, which reached $376 billion over the past decade, you wouldn't be able to find enough renewable energy companies or conservation projects to productively put that money to use.
There are, of course, plenty of fossil fuel assets to buy. Matt Frost, who used to work in the coal industry and is now a federal contractor with clients at the Environmental Protection Agency, thinks that a solution might lie with the abundance of dirty energy assets ready to be purchased. His idea, dubbed the " coal retirement plan " is simple: Instead of selling coal reserves, buy them. And then don't mine them. Just leave the coal in the ground.
Not only would you keep this coal from being burned, you could cripple other coal reserves owned by companies who want to mine them. Coal-industry veterans, Frost explains, "could sit down, and if they were to trade their black hats for green hats, they could render a bunch of coal un-mineable."
The reason this could work is that even if a coal company owns coal directly beneath its land, it might need to use adjoining land to drill shafts to get to that coal. Geologists and engineers who wanted to help you stop these coal companies from accessing their coal could identify reserves that could be trapped this way, and tell you what land you'd need to buy to keep coal companies from getting at it.
Think of it as an inverse of the milkshake strategy from "There Will Be Blood" : Rather than a rival drilling from his land to access your below-ground assets, you keep the rival from drilling on your land to access his below-ground assets.
The goal, according to Frost, is to drive up the price not just of burning coal in the U.S., but of buying coal in the first place.
"If we really want to make coal less desirable," he says -- and Paul Krugman and The Economist agree that we should indeed want that -- "you have to make it more expensive." Not only that, but "you could create a whole new sector of un-mining professionals [...] people who are really good at helping you keep carbon underground."
That strategy is not going to prevent climate change on its own. But it would do a lot more than investing another billion dollars a year in renewable energy.
More:

Chinese EB-5 Visa Retrogression: Good for Program Diversityreddit
If you are familiar with the EB-5 immigrant investor visa program, you may have heard recently that the sky is falling. Yes, that is correct; the two words that strike fear into many in the EB-5 community - Chinese retrogression - became a reality on August 23.
For those who are not as familiar with the EB-5 program, it enables foreign investors to get a conditional green card in exchange for a capital investment of $500,000 or $1 million in a U.S. business. If the immigrant's investment creates at least 10 permanent full-time jobs, the investor may earn a permanent green card approximately two years after earning his or her conditional green card. However, there are only 10,000 total visas allotted to the EB-5 program each year, and per country visa limits have been set in addition to the overall maximum amount. Chinese EB-5 visa retrogression simply means the demand for EB-5 visas for Chinese investor immigrants has exceeded the fixed number of visas available to them.
Up to this point in the program's history, neither the overall visa quota, nor a per country quota has been met. The latter changed on August 23, 2014, when the U.S. Department of State announced that EB-5 visas for Chinese nationals will not be available for the remainder of the fiscal year .
It should be noted that the fiscal year starts again on October 1, so this disruption should be fairly minimal to those participating in the program, along with the projects relying on EB-5 capital from Chinese investors. However, the Department of State also announced that based upon the current volume of Form I-526 filings from Chinese investors (the first form in the EB-5 application process), in May of 2015 the EB-5 category will likely retrogress to a priority date of June 2013 .
Unlike the recent retrogression, next year's episode could last a full five months before the end of the fiscal year. This would result in a significant log jam, and disruption for investors and project developers alike. This certainly seems like it has the potential only for doom and gloom, but such an event actually presents the industry with a great opportunity: the invaluable chance to expand the scope of EB-5 around the globe.
While it is great to have a vibrant investment market such as China provides, EB-5 project developers, regional centers and other stakeholders may prove foolish to overly rely on just one source for EB-5 funds.
China has been the perfect storm for EB-5. The country's rise in individual wealth has coincided perfectly with U.S. developers' increased demands for EB-5 funds. In 2000, China had just 310,000 millionaires. Now, China has 2,378,000 millionaires , ranking it second in the world behind the United States.
In 2006, China produced only 63 EB-5 investors , accounting for just 12 percent of the total number of investors. Even as recently as 2008, it trailed South Korea in the number of EB-5 applications submitted that year. The Chinese now account for more than 80 percent of EB-5 investors. This trend simply cannot continue indefinitely. If we observe the history of U.S. immigration, don't we find that we did not all come from the same place?
Many historians believe that there have been four distinct waves of immigration in the history of the United States. The first wave, which occurred in the years leading up to the American Revolution, arrived from Western Europe with England as the driving force. The second wave occurred in the middle of the 19th century and drew mostly from Northwestern Europe, including Russia. Interestingly enough, this is also the first period that saw the first sizable Chinese population arrive in the United States.
Eastern and Southern Europe generated the third wave which occurred in the last part of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century. Finally, the fourth wave has brought, and continues to bring, Latin Americans and Asian immigrants to the United States. If history demonstrates that immigration trends fluctuate, can we really expect EB-5, albeit a microcosm of the broader immigration picture, to continue on a one-track path?
Potential EB-5 immigrant investors begin as foreign entrepreneurs. But once they become U.S. permanent residents, they become American entrepreneurs, continuing to do business, paying taxes and enrolling their children in the U.S. education system. Diversity within the academic and business talent pools is crucial to a progressive economy. For example, a study by economists at Brown University and Williams College found that cultural diversity has a positive impact on economic development in industrial societies. The EB-5 industry's tendency to focus marketing efforts in China, and the resulting high-number of Chinese entrepreneurs applying for EB-5 visas, prevents the EB-5 program from accessing its full diversity potential and the benefits it could provide.
While legislative solutions have been introduced by members of Congress to address, among other EB-5 program issues, category retrogression, the opportunity to develop new markets should be seized by EB-5 stakeholders. Whether legislative solutions prevail or not, the run of Chinese investors will not be indefinite. Nor was the program designed with only one country in mind. As with immigration as a whole, a diverse group of EB-5 investors can only be seen as a benefit.
So what country could replace China as the next big source of EB-5 investors? The short answer is that it is highly unlikely that any one country can fill China's proverbial shoes. However, there are certainly a number of countries that are showing an increased interest in EB-5 and are also experiencing an increase in individual wealth. Educating prospective immigrant investors in developing markets will pose challenges, but it's important to note that China was not set up with a ready-made system for EB-5. Networks and systems will have to be implemented and expanded.
Brazil, for example, contributed just one EB-5 investor in 2006, but expanded to 28 visas issued in 2013 .  The country had less than 100,000 millionaire households in 2000, but is projected to have more than 1,000,000 such households by 2020 . Along the same lines, Russia has gone from zero EB-5 participants in 2006, to 216 EB-5 visas issued between 2007 - 2013. It is also gaining in individual wealth and is projected to surpass one million millionaire households by 2020.
From 2006 to 2012, India, Mexico, South Africa and Vietnam have all produced more than 100 EB-5 investor visas as well. India is projected to have more than 700,000 millionaire households by 2020, and Mexico is projected to have 600,000 millionaire households by that date.
China does not have a monopoly on individuals who would like their children to attend one of the many premiere universities in the United States, or who desire to remove themselves from an unstable or oppressive political environment. Will the same marketing approaches work in these potential new EB-5 markets? Perhaps not, but the community will simply have to adapt to the changing foreign landscape.
The EB-5 community had a bit of luck on its side with China, which turned out to be a perfect storm. It may not be able to count on another ideal scenario moving forward. Instead, if EB-5 is to flourish over the long haul, it will need to build and expand multiple international markets.
This first encounter with retrogression should be an impetus for pumping new life into EB-5. A healthy EB-5 program creates thousands upon thousands of new jobs for Americans, and can play a role in reviving and redefining cities and rural areas across the country.
Follow Ali Jahangiri on Twitter: www.twitter.com/eb5visaportal
More:

Autonomy: The Self-Driving Car and Youreddit
Audi announced last week that it has become the first automaker to receive approval to test its self-driving cars on California's public roads.  Autonomy (both technical and political) is about to shift into high gear.
We could be forgiven for thinking this is a vaguely interesting gewgaw in a world benumbed by technological gadgetry.  The iPhone Six is out, for crying out loud...  But like those who scoffed at Karl Benz's strange "Motorwagen" in 1900, we'd be overlooking a revolution.
The thing about self-driving cars is that it's not about the car, it's about movement, and the implications of autonomous movement are huge.  Give it a few years, but with a bit educated imagination we can see:
-  Zero ownership:  with "selfie" cars, there is really very little reason for owning a vehicle.  If in a matter of mere moments you could "order up" a car of your choice from a fleet of free-roaming, auto-piloted cars, then why in the world would you need one parked in the driveway?  Vehicles would be owned and operated by a handful of efficient companies that know just the right number of vehicles to have operating at any one time to serve the maximum clientele.  The vehicles would be immaculately cleaned, well maintained, and safe.  Doubtful?  Today's rental car companies do this already...
-  Accurate "sizing": if owners are no longer tethered to their vehicle, the free market will quickly discern the right mix of vehicle types.  The vast majority of daily commuting is by one person with practically no cargo.  Commuters, then, are likely to order a small, compact, cheap car for that morning's trip instead of, say, a truck (how many empty pickups do we see charging around town today?).  If they need to hit Home Depot on their way home, they order the truck instead of the Vespa... The idle capacity stored in our vehicles that we obligingly pay for, maintain, park, and pay insurance on will largely disappear.
-  A real-estate revolution:  if vehicles are constantly on the move, being perpetually routed to where they are needed, parking lots become largely obsolete.  Some of the world's most valuable real estate is locked away under asphalt, particularly in urban centers.  This use of space is expensive and wasteful ( $538/month in midtown Manhattan, $161/month national average ).  As parking lots disappear, they will be repurposed toward higher and better uses (how about "parks"?).  Architecturally, eliminating the need to store parked vehicles will be an aesthetic boon.  Gone will be the monolithic parking garage; gone too, will be the ugly double-door façade of the modern suburban home.
-  Freed resources.  There are an estimated 253 million operable cars and trucks in the U.S. today.  Conservatively estimating a $12,000 value per vehicle, the nation is sitting on about 3 trillion dollars (nearly the annual government budget) in mechanical capacity that often sits unused.  Autonomous vehicles, while certainly not free, will almost certainly be used more efficiently, channeling that capital into more worthwhile pursuits (Toaster Strudels and Gaming Consoles probably...).  The other side of the coin is the freed human capital.  We spend around 540 hours a year in our cars, 38 in traffic alone.  If you're like a frightening majority of us, you spend tiny slivers of that time texting, tweeting, grooming, and brokering peace with kids in the back.  But mostly, the driver is engaged in trying to outmaneuver his or her traffic foes; stopping at lights, obeying the speed limit, maintaining vehicle separation, and generally avoiding one of our l eading causes of death.  Autonomy frees those hours for (conceivably) better use, hours almost certainly better spent than driving badly...
Those are just the obvious, logistical impacts of autonomous locomotion.  The other glaring benefit (and don't tell the bureaucrats) is that it helps make portions of the state obsolete.  With little or no vehicle ownership, the requirement for drivers' licenses, vehicle registration, titling, and insurance largely goes by the board.  California legislators are giddy about their stylish new regulatory permits for driverless cars; they've also unwittingly sounded the death knell for the DMV.  Few tears will be shed...
Of course, there's always a good chance for regulatory buffoonery. It seems quaint now, but the English Parliament passed a series of Locomotive Acts, culminating in its 1865 decree that all self-propelled automobiles be restricted to 4 miles per hour in the country and 2 miles per hour in city limits. Known as the "Red Flag Act", it required all vehicles be manned by a crew of three, as well as a pedestrian to walk ahead of a laden vehicle with a red flag to warn the world of their non-traditional existence.
The rules made a certain amount of sense (particularly to those in the horse-drawn carriage industry), but for 37 years they thwarted the United Kingdom's embrace of the automobile.  There will almost certainly be an equivalent of the Red Flag Act (is there any more appropriate name?), and administrators with ties to those heavily invested in the status quo will make political hay by convincing us that the rules "just make sense."  Fair warning.
In the end, though, the force of the autonomous individual is a universal solvent, and the self-driving car will be a cheerful addition to our modern age.  Buckle up, it's going to be an exciting ride...
Follow Paul Schwennesen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@pschwennesen
More:

Marketing to Women... Some Advice for the Auto Industryreddit
Women represent a huge opportunity for the auto industry. In the US alone, 500,000 women are "in the market" to buy a car within a one to three month window. We know that women heavily influence car purchases (up to 85%) and yet 74% of women feel misunderstood by auto manufacturers.
I think the marketing to women discussion needs to move beyond her overall influence and instead focus on some very targeted opportunities to improve the ways in which cars are marketed to women. Based on research for my latest book "Why Marketing to Women Doesn't Work", I highlight four such opportunities.
Opportunity #1: Attract a larger share of her wallet
The Issue: Women spend less overall, and a smaller proportion of their disposable incomes, on cars than men do.
While it is true that women earn, on average, about ¾ of what men do there is growing evidence that some groups of women are starting to out-earn men. Furthermore, women now graduate with more bachelors, masters and PhDs than men and so their earning potential will only continue to increase.
The Solution: In marketing, value is simply the difference between perceived benefits and costs of a product, compared with other products. Car manufacturers need to ask, "What can we do to encourage women to place a higher value on owning a car?"  To enhance value, car manufacturers should focus less on performance and user imagery and more on brand judgments (e.g., judgments about quality and safety, brand credibility, and superiority of the brand), her feelings toward the brand and her overall relationship with the brand.
Opportunity #2 - Reduce her post purchase dissonance
The Issue: Fifty percent of women are dissatisfied with the car they buy. Part of the reason for this high level of dissatisfaction is that women dislike the sales experience and blame a lack of openness and dialogue when buying a car.  Women's dissatisfaction fuels Facebook pages such as "Women Hate Car Dealers" (which has 6,557 likes).
When I was doing research for this article, I came across a great summary quote: "While the Nissan dealer was a phony and borderline sleaze, the Mercedes dealer was utterly dismissive and only attentive to my husband."
To me it is irrelevant as to whether the problem lies with Nissan, Mercedes or any other brand of car. What is important is that women still do not enjoy the car buying experience and are concerned with, e.g., getting a fair price, being treated well, being taken seriously and feeling that ultimately she has made the right purchase decision.
The Solution: Make women feel more comfortable at car dealerships. Lexus of Massapequa recently held a "Cars & Cupcakes" event for women with an emphasis on car financing (a good problem to address because: (1) 77% of women bring a man with them to deal with the financial aspects of buying a car; and (2) women generally pay about $500 more per car than men because they do not negotiate price well).
These events provide a female friendly environment for women to visit car dealers and address issues that are important to her - price, financing, technology, and the look and feel of the car itself.  When interacting with women who visit the dealership, remember she is informed, educated and astute, so treat her as such.
Opportunity #3 - It's time to focus on the service experience
The Issue: 65% of women request service work for their vehicles. Women also trust service advisors - e.g., 70% of women will buy tires when told they need them.
If my most recent experience were an indicator, I would say dealers have a long way to go to improve the service experience. Highlights:  "Have you ever been here before?" [To which I thought: "You should know, I've been coming here for 10 years and purchased the last 4 out of 5 cars from your dealership. And I had them serviced here as well."].  "Here is your service advisor, "Jane"." [To which I thought: "You are far too young to know anything about cars. And, please stop applying lipstick while I am sitting in front of you waiting to be served. And, stop chewing gum when you talk to me."].
The Solution: Dealers need to start paying close attention to how women are treated when they bring their car in for a service. The way in which technology can assist will give dealers an advantage by allowing them to become trust worthy partners post-purchase - e.g., by providing service alerts, service scheduling and other notifications. But person-to-person interaction is still important.
To me, whether I have a man or a women assist me is irrelevant. I want to trust the advice I'm given, be treated as an intelligent human being, be made to feel like a valued customer, and feel good about spending a ton of money on a car and then constant amounts of money and time on having the car serviced.
Opportunity #4 - Don't treat all women the same
The Issue: Research suggests that women want small, safe, maneuverable, fuel-efficient cars. Other design features that are important to women include comfort, easy access, quality of materials, color, and technology (especially technology that enhances safety, and maneuverability).  While I'm not disputing these preferences, I do ask:
(a) Don't men want some of these same features as well?
(b) Do all women want small, safe, maneuverable, fuel-efficient cars? I don't believe they do because there are a growing number of women buying SUVs, Minivans and Small Trucks.
As a side note, while events like those at Lexus of Massapequa are great, I probably wouldn't go because I work full time and have a lot of other commitments outside of work.
The Solution: When marketing to women, don't assume all women have the same needs. Look for differences between women and develop products and marketing approaches to suit a greater variety of needs.
In my book, "Why Marketing to Women Doesn't Work", and in subsequent work I've written (much of which ends up on Huffington Post), I have expanded upon other areas that are important when marketing cars to women - e.g., the role of women as influencers, buyers and users of cars, the use of technology, and treating women as knowledge customers, but the four opportunities above, to me, represent the most important areas of focus when marketing cars to women today.
Follow Jenny Darroch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JennyDarroch
More:

United India Insurance keen to re-enter overseas marketsUnited India Insurance keen to re-enter overseas markets
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 28, 2014 02:45 PM IST
Public sector general insurer United India Insurance has said it is looking to re-enter the overseas markets and will soon carry out a feasibility study to assess the business potential.
The company was present in Hong Kong, but had shut it down in 2002.
"We are exploring business potential in overseas markets. We will undertake a feasibility study for this soon. We are also studying the regulatory frameworks in some of the target markets in this regard," United India chairman and managing director Milind Kharat told PTI.
Kharat said the company may look at markets of the Middle East and Sri Lanka to begin with, as these markets offer good business potential.
"Many business houses from Tamil Nadu have commercial and business interest in Sri Lanka. So it is a natural extension for us. In the Middle East, there is considerable expansion in infrastructure, oil and energy and other sectors which again offers huge potential for us," he said.
The country's largest non-life insurer New India Assurance is present in 22 countries.
Many Gulf countries have announced large projects like airports, smart cities and so on, he said, adding that domestic corporates are also increasingly becoming a part of these developments.
"Also, many of them are our existing customers here. They look forward to continuing their relationships with us. Therefore we see a sense in expanding our presence in these geographies," Kharat added.
On the domestic business, Kharat said a stable government at the Centre has brought in a new kind of confidence in the people.
"We believe this optimism will definitely help the industry perform better and we hope the insurance market will also benefit from this in the days to come," he said.
United India Insurance has opened 1,114 micro offices last fiscal and it plans to strengthen these offices further by providing technical support as well as additional manpower, Kharat said.
The company has provided online access to its agents across the country and is planning to use hand-held devices which will help generate a standard policy and receipt which can be delivered instantly to the policyholder.
"Such innovations will help expand our business. Apart from opening more micro-offices, we would be recruiting about 14,000 agents to expand business," he said.

Marvel  Jack Kirbys heirs amicably settle legal battle over superhero-character rightsIN 2012, amid the bountiful box office of “The Avengers,” Comic Riffs proposed that the Disney/Marvel mega-force — that Galactus of Hollywood box office — offer a million-dollar thank-you to the man who co-created so many of those characters: Jack Kirby.
“Kirby: King of Comics” (Abrams)
That shoot-for-the-moon “Immodest Proposal” was met with skepticism — Marvel, came many a reader reply, would never budge in sharing the wealth.
Today, such a gesture seems not quite as preposterous.
That’s because Marvel and the heirs of Mr. Kirby have just reached a legal resolution, averting a potential Supreme Court showdown.
The opposing litigants say in a joint statement released today:
“Marvel and the family of Jack Kirby have amicably resolved their legal disputes, and are looking forward to advancing their shared goal of honoring Mr. Kirby’s significant role in Marvel’s history.”
The resolution settles a long-running battle over the copyrights to characters from such Marvel titles as X-Men and the Fantastic Four — a fight that has sometimes pitted interpretations of the 1976 Copyright Act against the definition of “work for hire.” Marvel had won most lower-court rulings, but Kirby’s family members, represented by attorney Marc Toberoff, had made a concerted push this year to have the Supreme Court hear their appeal.
“The trustees of the Jack Kirby Museum and Research Center are delighted with the out-of-court settlement arrived at today between the Kirby Family and Marvel/Disney,” representatives of the museum tell Comic Riffs. “As an entity dedicated to promoting the study, understanding, preservation and appreciation of the work of Jack Kirby, we view this as a day of vindication for Jack as an artist and writer of extraordinary talent who literally shaped an industry through the force of his imagination.”
Disney became involved in the litigation after it bought Marvel in 2009 for $4-billion. Seven films featuring Marvel characters have each grossed more than a half-billion dollars worldwide.
In 2012, when acclaimed cartoonist Roger Langridge (“Thor: the Mighty Avenger”)  quit Marvel over its treatment of creators like Kirby, he told Comic Riffs: “There is an enormous amount of affection for those companies’ characters out there. It would take very little to get people to believe that they’re trying to do the right thing.”
The eminently influential Kirby, considered one of the cornerstone creators in the history of comics, died in 1994, at age 76.
“Although Jack cannot be here to witness this historic moment,” the Kirby museum tells Comic Riffs, “we know that, somewhere out there in the cosmos, he is smiling a humble smile of satisfaction at this long-awaited outcome.”
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

THE NEW YORKERS: RAJEEV BHAMAN16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

Air France Pilots End Strike After 14 DaysAir France Pilots End Strike After 14 Days
 | By                                                                By JAMEY KEATEN
Updated:
09/28/2014  1:59 pm EDT
Air France workers gather in front of the company headquarters as they demonstrate against the pilots strike, in Roissy, outside Paris, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014. Air France-KLM says it isn't ready to abandon a plan to transfer activities to a low-cost carrier, contradicting a government minister's claim. France's junior minister for transport, Alain Vidalies, said on RMC radio Wednesday that Air France was withdrawing the plan in the face a protracted strike by pilots. Banners read, 'Air France | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
PARIS (AP) — Despite no deal in sight, Air France' s main pilots union on Sunday unilaterally ended a 14-day strike that grounded roughly half of the airline's flights, stranded passengers worldwide, cost tens of millions of dollars and led France's prime minister to decry a "selfish" walkout.
After a late-night, 15-hour negotiating session with management, leaders of the SNPL pilot union walked away with no accord, but with the realization that the strike "is not an end in itself," union spokesman Antoine Amar said. In a later statement, the union said it was ending the strike "in the interests of the company and passengers."
The walkout, which began Sept. 15, was the longest in more than four decades initiated by pilots at Air France, union official Guillaume Schmid said. The 81-year-old company today conducts about 1,500 flights each day, and last year had 77.3 million passengers, making it one of Europe's biggest carriers.
Air France, in its own statement, said service would "progressively" start returning to normal on Tuesday — meaning that flights already canceled between now and then won't be reinstated. The company hailed the end of the strike, saying it "will have been costly and damaging. It has only lasted too long."
Alexandre de Juniac, chairman and CEO of parent company Air France-KLM, said management team members "are aware of the trauma that our customers, employees and partners just lived through," according to the statement. It said full service was likely to resume late this week.
At the center of the standoff are Air France's ambitions to develop a low-cost affiliate, Transavia, to tap into new markets in both France and elsewhere in Europe and better compete at a time when budget airlines have cut into the market share once dominated by giant European carriers like Air France.
The pilots union said it didn't oppose those plans to build the new business, but rejected the labor conditions that management had planned. They started the strike two weeks ago out of concerns that management was looking for a way to outsource their jobs to countries with lower taxes and labor costs.
In a tactical retreat, the carrier's management offered Wednesday to scrap a central part of the plan to shift most of its European operations to Transavia. But the pilots remained unsatisfied, saying the contracts sought for the low-cost carrier's operations in France alone were insufficient.
Air France, in its statement, "confirmed its decision to continue its accelerated development of Transavia in France, without delay" — which suggested that issues remain unresolved. The carrier said it is sticking to plans to create 1,000 jobs in France through Transavia carrier, including 250 pilot positions.
Several would-be passengers interviewed by The Associated Press expressed frustration and anger during the strike; some grumbled about the tendency of many French workers to strike — and snarl services in the process. Union official Schmid said pilots decided to end the strike because "it was necessary to get out of the media pressure."
Speaking to reporters Sunday, Prime Minister Manuel Valls said: "This strike was misunderstood, it was corporatist. It was selfish."
"It inconvenienced hundreds of thousands — millions — of consumers. It inconvenienced other Air France staffers who made a number of sacrifices over the years. This strike costs a lot in terms of the company's image," he said. "And it has left a trail of division, fracture within its ranks."
Air France-KLM had said previously that the walkout cost up to 20 million euros ($25 million) a day, which could put the total financial bite as high as €300 million ($382 million), though Air France wasn't providing specifics yet. The French state holds a 16-percent share of the company, and appoints three board members, a spokeswoman said.
Valls, a Socialist, appeared to side with management, saying the Transavia plan was "indispensable" — and sought to parlay Air France's woes as a metaphor for France's need for reforms more broadly. Valls has been criticized on France's vocal political left in recent weeks for cozying up to business leaders amid the country's persistent economic slump.
"We are in a competitive universe, the low-cost one, and it needs to be faced with the proper weapons," Valls said. "It shows our country needs reforms at every level, and it's true especially in the transportation sector."
More:

Corvette s  nanny cam  undergoing fixGM fixing problems with Corvette's 'nanny cam'
By Gregory Wallace   @gregorywallace September 28, 2014: 2:49 PM ET
 
Take a peek at GM's new dashcam
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
GM is warning Corvette drivers that using the car's "nanny cam" feature could be illegal.
General Motors ( GM ) recently sent drivers and dealers a letter instructing them to not use the feature, and if they do, to "obtain consent from the vehicle's occupants."
The feature is part of a system that records vehicle data and allows drivers to analyze their driving.
When switched into "valet mode," the camera and microphones are turned on, storage compartments are locked and the entertainment system is disabled.
GM's marketing materials describe it as a "nanny cam." The Corvette project manager said in a press release, "Think of it as a baby monitor for your car."
The idea is that vehicle owners can review the tape to catch a valet who, for example, decides to take the car's 650 horsepower V8 engine for an uninvited spin.
But recording audio inside the car may run afoul of some state laws requiring consent of the person being recorded.
Related: GM stops sales of Corvettes
GM, in a statement Sunday, said Chevrolet would soon "be making a software update available to remedy this issue."
"U.S. customers have been sent a letter advising that they should not use the 'Valet Mode,' or that if they do they should obtain consent from the vehicle's occupants before they record them in the vehicle," GM said.
 
Corvette Z06 Convertible: A fast drop-top
First Published: September 28, 2014: 2:49 PM ET
Most Popular

Bizarre op-ed on Israel by Patricia Marks Greenfield in Fridays PostBy David Bernstein September 28
There are a lot of strange things about this op-ed , which tries to paper over the gap between a reasonable call for Israel to treat its minority citizens more fairly and a highly unreasonable call for Israel to integrate the populations of the West Bank, Gaza, and the Palestinian diaspora into one state that by some magic she doesn’t identify will still somehow not only remain culturally Jewish, but with the assent of what would likely be a strong majority Arab population.
To take one example of the oddity of this op-ed, the author argues that rising income and exposure to technology is leading to permanently lower birthrates among Arabs in Israel.  A sentence later, she notes that the Jewish birthrate is rising as the Arab birthrate is falling. But wait, don’t Israeli Jews also have rising income and exposure to technology? It’s not often one sees simplistic cause and effect analysis self-rebutted a sentence later. (And by the way, why unlike among almost all other population groups in the world the Israeli Jewish birthrate is rising, including and especially among the non-religious population, is a fascinating question that deserves, but to my knowledge has not received, some serious research attention).
But the really bizarre line in Greenfield’s op-ed is this one: “Many Jewish Israelis subscribe to the unfortunate demographic myth that high birth rates among Arabs and Ethiopians mean that they will soon outnumber Jews of other national and racial origins.”
No one doubts that the Ethiopian Jews have faced some racial discrimination, with those difficulties compounded by the fact that arrived in a high-tech country from a very low-tech society, and by the fact that their version of Judaism has many idiosyncracies that separate their practices from the Israeli (and world) Jewish mainstream. But while they’ve have some trouble integrating, it’s also true that I don’t know of any country in the world that has organized several airlifts, a massive clandestine operation, and more, to bring a hundred thousand or so Black African refugees to their country and offer them immediate citizenship, with widespread support from the public.  In other words, the Ethiopians are Jews, everyone accepts them as Jews (though the rabbinical authorities require a symbolic conversion to alleviate doubts about their status under Jewish law), they serve in the army, get circumcised by mohels, married and buried by rabbis, and it is expected that, like Yemenite Jews and other dark-skinned immigrants from backwards countries before them, they they will eventually totally integrate into the Israeli mainstream–a sentiment noted, in fact, in the very New York Times article she links to about discrimination against Ethiopian Jews. So it’s just bizarre for Greenfield to suggest that Israeli Jews somehow worry that a combination of Ethiopian Jews and Arabs are going to overwhelm them, as if the two groups are somehow perceived to be allied. (Some Israelis, especially among the Orthodox, do worry that a combination of Arabs, intermarried Israeli Jews with spouses from abroad, “Russians” who are not Jewish under Jewish law, guest workers, and refugees are going to eventually make Jews by Orthodox definition a minority in Israel, but that has nothing to do with Ethiopian Jews).
What Greenfield must be alluding to is the scandal that was revealed in late 2012, that Israeli medical authorities w ere pushing Depo Provera shots on Ethiopian immigrant women who did not always understand exactly what was going on, were often treated with cultural insensitivity, and were not given the individualized family planning advice and attention that they should have. To attribute this, however, to a fear that the Ethiopians (all 130,000 of them, out of an Israeli population of over 8 million!) combined with the Arabs were going to overwhelm Israeli Jews of other ethnicities, however, is nonsense.
This was instead a case of secular, high-handed medical authorities sanctimoniously deciding that they knew better than the Ethiopians themselves how to run their lives, and that one way of helping them integrate was to strongly encourage birth control to bring their family size down from Ethiopian norms to Western/Israeli norms. (And a more sympathetic take on this is that using Depo Provera shots undermined the ability of Ethiopian men, products of an often violently patriarchal society, to force a traditionally large family on their wives; unlike birth control pills, the husbands wouldn’t have any control over, or potentially even knowledge of, the shots, and that most of the women involved willingly took the shots for exactly that reason.) Unfortunately, Israeli officials behaved in similarly high-handed ways to Mizrahi (Eastern) Jewish immigrants in the 1940s and 50s, creating resentments that last to this day. But in both cases, the motivating force was the bureaucratic elite engaging in secretive policies to try to “Westernize” immigrants from Third World countries, not widespread fear of demographic change; if the latter had been the issue, the Israeli public wouldn’t have supported the very expensive efforts to bring these immigrants to the country to begin with! And indeed, once the Depo-Provera scandal was revealed, public outcry led to an immediate halt.
Which makes one wonder what Greenfield’s credentials are to be writing this op-ed.  She’s a psychology professor at UCLA  who has no Israel-related publications on her c.v.  The languages she has used in research, we are told, are French, Spanish, Tzotzil, Wolof–no Hebrew, Arabic, or Amharic.  Apparently, she spent part of last Summer working with a team of Israeli Jewish and Muslim researchers on a continuing project studying rapid social change among Arabs in Northern Israel, Bedouin in southern Israel, and Ethiopian Jews, and how they are integrating in society. This, she implies, makes her an expert not just on these groups, but on the future of the West Bank and Gaza, the “right of return,” and whether Israel should have a state religion (she doesn’t seem aware that Israel does not , in fact, have an official state religion now, confusing that issue with whether Israel should continue to be a “Jewish state,” i.e., the state of the Jews), and so on. A little knowledge, as they say, is a dangerous thing.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Treasury rejects A$3.4bn takeover bidsTreasury Wine Estates to go it alone after rejecting A$3.4bn bids
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b4618b4-477d-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aberdeen fund outflows slowAberdeen Asset Management fund outflows slow
By David Oakley and Mark Odell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb31962a-47a9-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Despite S&P upgrade; analysts  Sensex target unchanged at 30000S&P has little impact; analysts keep Sensex target unchanged @ 30K
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Rating agencies have been…)
NEW DELHI: Global rating agency Standard and Poor's might have raised the outlook for India's 'BBB-minus' rating to 'stable' from 'negative', but analysts on the Dalal Street still maintain their year-end target for the Sensex at around 30,000, and 8500-8600 for the Nifty. The market, however, did not wait for the S&P action. The Sensex has already rallied over 26 per cent so far in the year 2014, supported by robust FII flows (over $30 billion YTD).
Image 1
"While the rating action is incrementally positive as the rating has remained investment grade, it is unlikely to have a major impact on the market," Motilal Oswal said in a report.
"Meanwhile, a variety of other factors, including stability of INR and reduced risk premium, improvement in investor sentiments and signs of improvement in economic indicators, are already driving the financial market," added the report.
In the past, rating agencies have been blamed for their failure to take timely rating action and opaque procedure that does not link credit actions to preset quantitative targets. This has been displayed both during the downcycle and the upcycle.
"I would still stick to my year-end Sensex projection of 30,000. There will be a lot of resistance at that point. So the markets will be quite volatile," said Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV.
"Apart from that, there is a slight risk of investors being wary of pumping money when such a critical point is hit," he added.
Image 2
The S&P outlook upgrade means that the country risk premium for India will eventually reduce once the actual upgrades come in and hence the Indian markets will look cheaper due to the lower discount rates.
"It will attract more FDI/FII money going forward as the outlook upgrade will give higher valuations to all Indian assets. But the big fillip will come only after an actual rating upgrade," said Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt.
"We have not revised our year-end targets for both the Sensex & the Nifty. Our one year target is approximately the same at 34000 by March 2015," he added. Gupta said that he had already accounted for some favorable factors given the trend towards better fundamentals.
All the three main rating agencies now have India's sovereign credit rating at one notch above junk grade and with a stable outlook.
Expectations from the newly-elected Modi government remain sky high despite some recent setback in terms of delay in the gas price hike, coal block de-allocation etc.
"Equities, INR and bonds understandably reacted positively to S&P's revision last week, but this is at best a kneejerk reaction," CLSA said in a report. The government will come through with some reforms, but a sovereign credit rating upgrade over the next 12-18 months is highly unlikely.
"The combination of a mere cyclical improvement and incremental reforms is unlikely to turn on rating agencies," added the CLSA report.
However, India will attract more FDI post outlook upgrade as it will boost confidence among investors and positively impact India's business image. New initiatives like 'Make in India' and Modi's recent visit to Japan and the US can also act as a new boost for investor confidence.
"Rating up gradation from S&P will definitely boost the confidence of retail investors and for the year-end, we expect the target for the Nifty around 8500-8600 and for the Sensex around 29700-30000," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt cancels SEZs of Hindalco  Essar  Adani; cites no "satisfactory" progress as reasonGovernment cancels SEZs of Hindalco, Essar, Adani
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 02.55PM IST
Tags:
Adani
(The government has cancelled approvals…)
NEW DELHI: The government has cancelled approvals of nine special economic zones, including that of Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani as no "satisfactory" progress was made to execute the projects.
The decision was taken in the meeting of the Board of Approval (BoA) headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher on September 18.
"The Board noted that the progress made by the following developers/co-developers is not satisfactory. The Board, after deliberations, decided to cancel the formal approval/ notification/co-developer status, as the case may be, in 9 cases," Commerce Ministry said.
It said the developers have to refund the duty benefits availed by them.
"The approval is subject to the Development Commissioner furnishing a certificate... that the developer has not availed any tax/duty benefits under SEZ Act/Rules or has refunded any such benefits availed by it and subject to the state government furnishing it's no objection certificate to the proposal," it added.
Hindalco Industries had proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa. The formal approval to the developer was granted in July 2007. The developer was granted extension from time to time and the last extension granted expired on December 31, 2013.
Essar Jamnagar SEZ Ltd, which had proposed to set up a multi-product zone in Gujarat, got formal approval in August 2006. It was expired in August 2009. The developer did not make any request for further extension of approval.
Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company Ltd had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat. The BoA granted formal approval in June 2007, which expired in June 2010.
The developer had reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector and accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project.
The other developers whose SEZs were cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation .
As per SEZ rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years, by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production.
Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days, forward it to the Board with his recommendations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt focussed on putting economy on upward trajectory: Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

We are looking for more partners like Amazon: Venkatesh KiniMarkets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
Venkatesh Kini, president (India and south west Asia) at Coca-Cola. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Mumbai: The profile of Indian consumers is changing. They buy online, follow global launches and demand international products, even as they retain strong regional preferences. Venkatesh Kini , president (India and south west Asia) at Coca-Cola , speaks of the initiatives in his company to serve the evolving consumer on the sidelines of the FICCI Foodworld India 2014 in Mumbai. Edited excerpts:
There is a lot of change taking place in the Indian economy. How are these changes impacting your business?
There are two things that excite us. One is innovative ways of delivering our core portfolio. For instance, new packaged form, new delivery systems...We have designed for India dispensing and vending systems that can offer a Coke, Sprite or Fanta in cups at Rs.5 and still make money for the entire value chain. The second is innovative products outside the core portfolio like Kinley Glucojal or the Maaza Milky Delite, a first for us in dairy, launched in Punjab. We have 3,000 products worldwide. In India, we develop a lot of products for India. We have also got back products like RimZim which have a lot of nostalgia and are now looking at taking it to more markets.
You have also jumped onto the Internet bandwagon by launching Coke Zero exclusively on e-commerce portal Amazon.in . Can you tell us what was the response like?
It’s the first time in India that a fast-moving consumer good (FMCG) was launched through an e-commerce portal. There was also no advertising. You never see that happen. The reason we did that was because it gives you a low-cost way to reach the micro niches. Once we gain scale, then we will expand further through modern trade, and then into quick-service restaurants. We are selling four-pack cans there. In three days, we have already got 10,000 orders for the product online.
Are you exploring more such distribution partnerships?
Yes, we are experimenting for certain products going through different distribution channels. We are looking for partnerships like Amazon. Then in some places, we have experimented with different distributors. For products like Schweppes , a premium niche brand, we have partnered with some outlet distributors who work with premium brands. Then there are partnerships with cash and carry companies like Metro Cash and Carry India.
Where do you see the consumption opportunities in India?
If you look at India as multiple Indias, there are two ways: geographic segmentation and the other is socio-economic stratification. If you cut it both ways, you notice some opportunities that are pan-Indian based on the socio-economic strata—an example is Coke Zero. On the other hand, there is geographic preference, like grape as flavour in sparkling beverages is preferred in the south. So, we launched it in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
So which is the bigger opportunity—local and regional food or getting global brands to India?
More than half our portfolio in India is local due to brands like Maaza, Thums Up and also, as we have launched local variants of our global brands like Minute Maid Nimbu and Kinley Glucojal. So, we have a combination of global, made for India, and local made in India products. But everything we have is made in India. India is one of the few countries where we have our own concentrate plants, where we have a local analytical lab, R&D centre and almost all our inputs are domestically sourced including the sugar and juices. We also buy our PET and glass locally.
It was believed that modern trade would become a significant minority of the overall retail trade, accounting for 30-35%. But that has not happened and kirana stores continue to dominate the market with over 90% marketshare. Are you looking at increasing kirana store owners’ efficiencies?
In India, we are giving to kirana stores under a programme called ‘Parivartan’, where we have trained more than 200,000 kirana shop people in the last seven years. We are now looking at expanding this programme and training as many stores as possible through collaborations with the government and the industry. If we can make these people more efficient, make them earn more money, it will impact 10% of the country’s population.
Last year, we have also launched a training programme for dhaba and tea shop owners where we have converted a bus into a classroom and are taking the training to their doorstep in the interiors of the country. We have seen that store owners who have gone through the training are earning more money and so, it works.

Lloyds Dismisses 8 Workers in Rate-Fixing ScandalAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

NTPC ties up USD 250 million loan with Mizuho BankNew Delhi, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 17:13 IST
NTPC ties up USD 250 million loan with Mizuho Bank
PTI
THE HINDU NTPC has an installed capacity of 43,128 MW and the company has projects with a total capacity of 23,854 MW under construction.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The company has tied up Syndicated Term Loan Facility of USD 250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited’s Singapore Branch, NTPC said in a statement.
NTPC, country’s largest power generation utility, has tied up loans to the tune of USD 250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited for funding its expansion plans.
The company has tied up Syndicated Term Loan Facility of USD 250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited’s Singapore Branch, NTPC said in a statement.
The loan carries a floating rate of interest linked to LIBOR (Short for London interbank offered rate, the rate of interest that top-quality banks charge each other for loans) and has a door to door maturity of 7 years.
The loan agreement has been executed at Hong Kong by Mr. K. Biswal, Director (Finance) on behalf of the company.
“The proceeds of the facility will be utilized to finance capital expenditure on the company’s ongoing and new projects and renovation and modernisation of stations,” the statement said.
NTPC has an installed capacity of 43,128 MW and the company has projects with a total capacity of 23,854 MW under construction.
The company which is facing shortage in domestic fuel supplies and has plans to import 17 million tonnes (MT) of coal this fiscal which is higher than the quantity purchased last financial year.
NTPC plans to add 1,798 MW generation in the current financial year ending March 2015. Its total coal requirement is estimated to be 177 MT for this fiscal.
During 2013-14 period, NTPC consumed 158.57 MMT of coal, with imports accounting for 10.39 MT.

India s software technology exports rising 8 to 10 per cent yearlyUpdated: September 29, 2014 17:16 IST
India's software technology exports rising 8 to 10 per cent yearly
IANS
economy, business and finance
STPI Director Prabir Das said the overall exports increased from Rs. 226,712 crore in 2011-12 to Rs. 251,498 crore in 2012-13 and the overseas trade further increased to Rs.275, 000 in the 2013-14.
India’s exports from the Software Technology Parks (STP) across India are rising at a pace of 8 to 10 percent annually and would further increase in the upcoming years as the industry spreads across the country, a senior sector official said.
“There are huge software technology markets across the world and India’s export prospect from the sector is extremely vivid,” Software Technology Park of India (STPI) director Prabir Kumar Das told IANS.
“Currently India’s yearly export growth from the software technology is 8 to 10 percent. After setting of under construction STPs in different states of the country, the export growth would be at much higher speed.”
Das said the overall exports increased from Rs. 226,712 crore in 2011-12 to Rs. 251,498 crore in 2012-13 and the overseas trade further increased to Rs.275, 000 in the 2013-14.
Karnataka, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Kerala, Odisha and Delhi are the leading ten states in India in software export.
The STPI, an autonomous society of the union ministry of communications and information technology, was set up in 1991 to implement the STP scheme and to promote software exports by providing infrastructure facilities including high speed data communication (HSDC) links.
It has so far set up STPs in 53 centres across India. STPs are being set up or already commissioned in six states- Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Mizoram and Tripura- of the eight northeastern states. They will be set up in Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland and preliminary works for the purpose are on.
The STPIs has been providing statutory and other promotional services to the exporters by implementing STP and electronics and hardware technology parks (EHTP) schemes.
Noting the global IT market was constantly growing, Das said that India cannot remain at the rear.
“IT is now not only the common men’s tools, but it also boosting a lot to crores of micro, small and medium enterprises besides the big industries,” he added.
He said following the taming of the decades-old terrorism in the northeastern states, the STPs in the region would join the country’s leading states in software technology exports.
“Supported by the STPI, the STPs in the northeastern region would also play an important role in solving the educated unemployment problem of the region,” he said, noting that in Tripura alone, more than 300 B-Tech and M-Tech students in computer science and engineering are passing out from different institutions and around 1,000 students are undergoing different IT courses.
According to an official document, STP scheme, which is a 100 percent export-oriented plan, has attracted many entrepreneurs in the area of software and services. Until March this year, over 5,000 units were operative out of which 4,200 units have exported software.
Das had signed an MOU with the Tripura information technology department Sep 25 to set up a STP in Agartala at a cost of Rs.43 crore.
“The under commission STP in Tripura would further boost the information technology industries in the industry-starved northeastern region,” said Tripura Industrial Development Corporation (TIDC) chairman Jitendra Chaudhury.
The TIDC is the nodal body of the STP while Hyderabad-based Avon Technologies India Private limited is the consultant and Mumbai-based D.K. Infrastructure Private Limited is executing the project.
“The STPI has prepared the detailed project report and would provide the entire fund of Rs.43 crore for the STP,” said Chaudhury, adding it would provide all sorts of facilities for the growth of IT industries in the northeastern region for the purpose of socio-economic development.
“The STP would help the authorities to reach out to citizens with more efficient and productive government services,” he said adding that it would serve as an important tool to create maximum job opportunities as well as absorbing a large portion of the educated unemployed.

Dredging Corporation declares 30% dividendDredging Corporation declares 30% dividend
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Sept. 29:  
The Visakhapatnam-based public sector Dredging Corporation of India has declared dividend of 30 per cent on the paid-up capital of the company against 20 per cent last year, according to a press release. The annual general body meeting was held in New Delhi on Monday.
The year 2013-14 witnessed 21 per cent growth in the operations of the company with the operational income increasing to Rs 770.41 crore as compared to Rs 634.92 crore for the previous year. The total income for the year was Rs 772.70 crore as compared to Rs. 638.02 crore for the previous year. This year, the company witnessed 83 per cent jump in profit after tax to Rs.37.55 crore as compared to Rs.20.51 crore for the previous year. The company is targeting turnover of Rs 850 cr for this year.
The company’s earning per share for 2013-2014 was Rs.13.41 as compared to Rs.7.32 for the previous year.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Microsoft launches Xbox One in China after govt lifts 14-year banMicrosoft launches Xbox One in China after govt lifts 14-year ban
PTI
Reuters Xbox One (C) with the Kinect motions sensor (L) and the controller is pictured during a press event.
Shanghai, Sept 29:  
US technology giant Microsoft today launched its Xbox One game console in China, the first foreign company to enter the potentially massive market after the government lifted a 14-year ban.
The launch, which was delayed a week for reasons Microsoft did not reveal, comes as the US company faces a government investigation for alleged “monopoly actions” regarding other products like its flagship Windows operating system, used on the majority of computers in China.
In January, China formally authorised the domestic sale of game consoles made in its first free trade zone (FTZ) in Shanghai, ending a ban in 2000 originally instituted due to worries over content. The FTZ was established exactly a year ago today.
At a branch of Chinese electronics chain store Suning in downtown Shanghai, a salesman said the outlet sold more than 30 limited-edition consoles priced at 4,299 yuan ($699) after staying open past midnight. A more basic package retails for 3,699 yuan ($602) in China.
Buyers were lured by Kinect, which obeys motion and voice commands, but some expressed disappointment at the lack of available games in China – only 10 for the launch.
Prices are also far higher than other markets like the United States, where the website price is $400 for the basic console and $500 with Kinect.
“The console price is too high, the first batch of games has no attraction, can we buy something more practical?” said Diu Dasu in a microblog posting.
Of the ten games, half are sport or racing titles. Others are aimed at younger players, like “Zoo Tycoon” and puzzle-solving game “Max: The Curse of Brotherhood”.
So far absent are first-person shooter games like the popular “Call of Duty” series, although Microsoft says it has more than 70 titles in the pipeline to bring to China.
Under the rules of the FTZ, games must pass inspection by cultural authorities, who conceivably could censor content they deem to be obscene, violent or politically sensitive.
Microsoft still beats rivals like Japan’s Sony, which makes the PlayStation console, and Nintendo’s Wii into the Chinese market.
A joint venture of Sony and Chinese tourism and cultural firm Shanghai Oriental Pearl Group is planning to start operations in the FTZ from December.
Microsoft chief executive officer Satya Nadella last week visited China for the first time since taking the post in February, in what Chinese state media portrayed as an attempt to appease regulators over the investigation.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

NTPC ties up USD 250 mn loan with Mizuho BankSep 29, 2014, 05.06 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NTPC ties up USD 250 mn loan with Mizuho Bank
The company has tied up Syndicated Term Loan Facility of USD 250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited's Singapore Branch, NTPC said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NTPC ties up USD 250 mn loan with Mizuho Bank
The company has tied up Syndicated Term Loan Facility of USD 250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited's Singapore Branch, NTPC said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
NTPC , country's largest power generation utility, has tied up loans to the tune of USD 250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited for funding its expansion plans.
The company has tied up Syndicated Term Loan Facility of USD 250 million with Mizuho Bank Limited's Singapore Branch, NTPC said in a statement.
The loan carries a floating rate of interest linked to LIBOR (Short for London interbank offered rate, the rate of interest that top-quality banks charge each other for loans) and has a door to door maturity of 7 years.
The loan agreement has been executed at Hong Kong by K Biswal, Director (Finance) on behalf of the company.
"The proceeds of the facility will be utilized to finance capital expenditure on the company's ongoing and new projects and renovation and modernisation of stations," the statement said.
NTPC has an installed capacity of 43,128 MW and the company has projects with a total capacity of 23,854 MW under construction.
The company which is facing shortage in domestic fuel supplies and has plans to import 17 million tonnes (MT) of coal this fiscal which is higher than the quantity purchased last financial year.
NTPC plans to add 1,798 MW generation in the current financial year ending March 2015. Its total coal requirement is estimated to be 177 MT for this fiscal.
During 2013-14 period, NTPC consumed 158.57 MMT of coal, with imports accounting for 10.39 MT.
NTPC stock price
On November 21, 2014, NTPC closed at Rs 142.65, up Rs 0.45, or 0.32 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 168.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 110.90.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 12.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.5. The latest book value of the company is Rs 104.08 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.37.
RELATED NEWS

Strides Arcolab to buy Shasun Pharma for $200 millionStrides Arcolab to buy Shasun Pharma for $200 million in all-stock deal
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 18:15 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Strides Arcolab has agreed to buy smaller rival Shasun Pharmaceuticals in an all-stock deal, valued at about $200 million, to bolster its generic medicine and drug ingredient businesses.
Shasun, which has a market value of $193.5 million, makes drug ingredients and finished medicines, as well as provides contract research and manufacturing services. It supplies to North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America.
The acquisition is expected to close by June 2015, and is subject to regulatory approvals, the companies said in a stock exchange filing on Monday.
The deal is part of a consolidation in the pharmaceutical sector, which was expected to happen after Sun Pharmaceutical Industries agreed in April to buy local rival Ranbaxy Laboratories for $3.2 billion to create the world's fifth largest maker of generic drugs.
Under the terms of the deal, Shasun shareholders will get five Strides shares for every 16 held in Shasun, the companies said in a joint statement. That values Shasun at roughly $200 million based on the stocks' closing price on Friday.
The combined entity, in which Shasun shareholders will own 26 per cent, will have 12 manufacturing plants and a pipeline of over 100 products, said the statement.
In February last year, Strides sold its injectable drugs business to U.S. firm Mylan for $1.6 billion.
Shares in Strides rose as much as 12.8 per cent to 724 rupees after the deal announcement on Monday, while Shasun ended down 0.3 per cent at 196.15 rupees. The Nifty fell 0.1 per cent.
(Reuters)

Shares of Cox & Kings soar on slew of visa sopsYou are here: Home > Collections > Visa
Cox & Kings, Thomas Cook shares soar on slew of visa sops
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 05.31PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Cox & Kings gained 11.07…)
MUMBAI: Shares of companies engaged in travel support services such as Cox & Kings surged as much as 11 per cent after Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced that Persons of Indian Origin cardholders will get lifetime Indian visa and that American tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Cox & Kings gained 11.07 per cent to settle at Rs 324, while shares of Thomas Cook surged 5.65 per cent to Rs 143.95 on the BSE .
Among others, Trade Wings rose by 4.96 per cent and International Travel House Ltd was up 2.39 per cent.
Market experts said that expectations of more tourists to come to India after yesterday's announcement fuelled rally in these stocks.
Speaking at New York's Madison Square Garden yesterday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cardholders will get lifetime Indian visa and that American tourists will be given visa on arrival.
He announced the merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora.
Person of Indian Origin and Overseas Indian citizen category to be merged to create a single category to remove the discrepancies and to help those whose spouses are of different nationality, Modi had said at the event.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ABB wins Rs 172 cr order from Bangladesh pow...You are here: Home > Collections
ABB India Ltd wins Rs 172 crore order from Bangladesh power grid
ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 05.15PM IST
Tags:
ABB India Ltd
(The order is for supply of…)
ABB India Ltd, a subsidiary of Swiss engineering group ABB, said it has won a Rs 172-crore order from Power Grid Company of Bangladesh Ltd.
The order is for supply of four 132/33kV turnkey substations. ABB will also help Power Grid Company expand its six other substations.
"Developing countries have the opportunity to directly adopt technologically advanced infrastructure that deliver greater efficiency and have a smaller carbon footprint," Bazmi Husain, country manager at ABB India, said in a statement.
Power Grid Company is in the process of upgrading Bangladesh's electricity generation , transmission and distribution systems to increase capacity, improve efficiency and reduce environmental impact.
"We are happy to partner with ABB as we invest in strengthening the country's power infrastructure for the future, and hope to benefit from technology leadership they have to offer." said Masum-Al-Beruni, managing director at Power Grid Company.
According to ABB's estimate, 4.5 lakh households in Bangladesh will get new power connections through this programme, while carbon emissions will be reduced by almost 2.5 million tonne per year.
The project's scope includes design, supply, installation and commissioning of the substations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC no longer interested in Yamal LNG projectSep 29, 2014, 05.19 PM IST  | Source: PTI
ONGC no longer interested in Yamal LNG project
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of India's largest oil and gas producer, along with Petronet LNG Ltd and Indian Oil Corp (IOC) was last year in negotiations with Novatek for a 9-10 percent stake in the project.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ONGC no longer interested in Yamal LNG project
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of India's largest oil and gas producer, along with Petronet LNG Ltd and Indian Oil Corp (IOC) was last year in negotiations with Novatek for a 9-10 percent stake in the project.
Post your opinion here
 
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp ( ONGC ) is no longer keen to acquire a stake in Russian natural-gas producer OAO Novatek's USD 20 billion Yamal LNG project.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of India's largest oil and gas producer, along with  Petronet LNG Ltd and  Indian Oil Corp (IOC) was last year in negotiations with Novatek for a 9-10 percent stake in the project.
But the company is no longer interested after it carried out a risk assessment of the project, sources in know of the development said.
OVL has not formally said no to Novatek but is not pursuing the opportunity, they said.
Yamal LNG project comprises of development of the South Tambeyskoye field with proven deposits of 1.3 trillion cubic meters of natural gas and the construction of natural gas liquefaction plant (LNG) for producing 16.5 million tonnes of LNG a year by 2018.
Sources said OVL was interested in the upstream part of the project while Petronet was keen to offtake LNG.
Russia's top non-state gas producer Novatek controls 60 percent of the Yamal project. French energy giant Total owns 20 percent of the Yamal project, while the remaining 20 percent is with China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC).
Novatek wants to retain the controlling stake in Yamal LNG and had offered the Indian consortia as well as Japan's Mitsui and Mitsubishi 10 per cent minus 1 share.
OVL-IOC-Petronet were originally interested in taking up to 15 percent stake in Yamal project, which also requires construction of an airport and port on the Arctic Ocean.
But a smaller stake was available to them after Novatek in September 2013 sold a 20 percent stake in the project to CNPC.
Total SA had in March 2011 bought 12 percent stake in the project for about USD 4 billion. Since then, it has raised the stake to 20 percent.
Sources said Petronet, which operates two LNG import facilities in Gujarat and Kerala, has been included in the consortium so as to give the seller the comfort of buying the liquid gas.
The Indian consortia was willing to buy 5 million tonnes a year of LNG from the Arctic project.
CNPC had pledged to purchase at least 3 million tonnes a year of LNG from Yamal.
The Yamal LNG project will comprise three LNG trains, each with a capacity of 5.5 million tonnes a year. The first train is planned to come online in late 2016, with the second and third due in 2017 and 2018, respectively.
ONGC stock price
On November 21, 2014, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation closed at Rs 383.60, down Rs 2.4, or 0.62 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 472.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 264.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 26.00 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.75. The latest book value of the company is Rs 159.81 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.40.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee falls as dollar surges against Asia FX; RBI policy awaitedRupee falls as dollar surges against Asia FX; RBI policy awaited
Social audit of urban development programmes soon: Venkaiah NaiduSocial audit of urban development programmes soon: Venkaiah Naidu
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 29:  
The Government will soon introduce a ‘social audit’ system for the new schemes which will be launched by the Ministry of Urban Development.
The aim is to promote transparency and accountability in execution, Urban Development Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said at the first meeting of the Parliamentary Consultative Committee of the Ministry here on Monday.
In another initiative, consultative committees would be set up at the district level for monitoring the implementation of the projects, to avoid delays, he added.
Naidu said that these committees, comprising of the local MPs, would also examine the resource position of the urban local bodies and their ability to execute the projects. These committees would be co-chaired by one of the MPs along with the District Collector.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

American beheading suspects mother apologizes invideoThis March 21, 2011 photo provided by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections shows Alton Nolen. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:55 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 6:00 pm
The mother of an American worker suspected of beheading one of several colleagues he had tried to convert to Islam has broken her silence, apologized in a video posted online.
Alton Nolen, 30, is due to be charged today with first-degree murder, as well as assault and battery with a deadly weapon. He may also face federal charges.
It was after being fired from his job at the Vaughan Foods in an Oklahoma City suburb that Nolen went on a frenzied knife rampage Thursday, severing the head of a colleague and wounding another before being shot by his former boss.
“My heart is just so heavy right now,” his mother Joyce Nolen said in the video posted Saturday on Facebook. “That’s not my son.”
The incident came in the wake of a series of beheadings of Western captives by militant fighters in the Middle East and Algeria, but US officials have not confirmed any link to the Oklahoma case. Nolen had recently converted to Islam.
“His family, our hearts bleed right now because what they saying Alton has done,” Nolen’s mother said in the short video statement, sitting next to her daughter Megan.
“I want to apologize to both families — because this is not Alton.”
She said she was hoping that justice will prevail and “the whole story will come out.”
In a separate Facebook entry, Megan Nolen said her brother “has been a great influence to me and has always been a loving and caring person.”
“He has never been a violent person and has never done any physical harm to anyone. Only God knows why what happened took place,” she added.
“I am praying for the families as well as for my brother.”
On Facebook, Nolen went by the moniker Jah’Keem Yisrael. He posted photographs of the World Trade Center towers going up in smoke during the September 11, 2001 attacks and of graves.
“SHALOM ALHAKEIUM O YE MUSLIMS AND NON-MUSLIMS ON THE DAY OF JUDGMENT THE ONES WHO DIED IN FAITH (SERVANTS OF ALLAH SWT)
WILL RISE FROM THE DEAD TO BE JUDGED WITH EVERYBODY ON EARTH WHOS STILL LIVING…THE ONES WHO DIED IN SIN WILL REMAIN IN THEIR GRAVES CAUSE THEIR ALREADY IN HELL!!!” he wrote on September 17 in a posting that got five “likes”.
In another post in May disparaging Americans who eat pork, women who don’t cover their hair and gays getting married, he warned that “SHARIA LAW IS COMING!!!!!!”
His account shows he has 1,470 “friends,” many of them women wearing the Muslim veil.

Almondz Global Securities: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 06.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Almondz Global Securities: Outcome of AGM
Almondz Global Securities has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Almondz Global Securities: Outcome of AGM
Almondz Global Securities has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Almondz Global Securities Ltd has informed BSE that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Choksi Imaging: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 06.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Choksi Imaging: Outcome of AGM
Choksi Imaging has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Choksi Imaging: Outcome of AGM
Choksi Imaging has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Choksi Imaging Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Avonmore Capital Management Services: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 06.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Avonmore Capital & Management Services: Outcome of AGM
Avonmore Capital & Management Services has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Avonmore Capital & Management Services: Outcome of AGM
Avonmore Capital & Management Services has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Avonmore Capital & Management Services Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

The Devastating Impact Of Having Your Domain Name StolenWhen Hackers Steal A Web Address, Few Owners Ever Get It Back
Posted:
reddit
For nearly two decades, Michael Lee owned a prized piece of Internet real estate: the website MLA.com. The three letters stood for his graphic design and advertising business, Michael Lee and Associates, but they also represented an unusual investment opportunity. A short or memorable Internet address can be worth thousands or even millions of dollars. Facebook reportedly paid $8.5 million to buy Fb.com in 2010, while Porn.com went for $9.5 million in 2007.
Lee, 58, bought his domain in 1997 for a modest $600. A domain name appraiser recently valued the website at $47,000. Lee planned to eventually sell MLA.com and use the money as part of his retirement.
That is, until May of last year, when he received shocking news: A hacker had stolen his website, and there was nothing GoDaddy, his domain registrar, could do to get it back.
“That’s when I freaked out,” he said in a recent interview.
Michael Lee's domain name, MLA.com, was stolen last
year. He still hasn't got it back.
More than a year later, Lee still hasn’t recovered his website. He has filed a lawsuit against the site’s new owner, a man in Russia named Alexey Kremnev, hoping a judge will return the address to him. Meanwhile, Lee said the theft has damaged both his professional and personal life. He said his business has lost $200,000 in sales since MLA.com was stolen because customers still try to reach him at his old address. The lost revenue has forced him to lay off freelancers, eat fewer meals out and move his family into a less-expensive home. Lee, who has three grandchildren and lives in the Chicago suburbs with his wife of 34 years, said his retirement plans are now on hold.
“A lot of customers have said, ‘I tried to email you and it kept bouncing back, so I gave the job to someone else,” Lee said in an interview. “I’ve lost a ton of business. I’ve also lost a three-letter domain that I was counting on for my retirement.”
Lee is a victim of domain theft, a scheme in which hackers steal valuable Internet addresses and sell them in online forums or extort their rightful owners. At a time when cyber criminals are targeting banks, retailers and celebrities, domain theft victims suffer a uniquely devastating blow. Many are small business owners who rely on their websites to reach customers online and consider their unique URLs to be expensive property they can sell for a large profit.
Domain theft has been happening since the dawn of the Web. But while the Internet has created a place where small and large businesses can flourish, the law has not evolved to protect people from thieves who hijack their domains. When their websites are stolen, many business owners find they have nowhere to turn to recover them.
Several recent victims interviewed by The Huffington Post said they got little or no help from domain registrars like GoDaddy, Internet.bs or HostMonster. Victims also said they couldn't get help from local law enforcement or the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, known as ICANN, a California-based nonprofit responsible for managing the Internet address system.
Jonathan Askin says domain theft victims have little
legal recourse.
In many cases, victims can’t even file a lawsuit to recover their stolen web addresses because most states don’t have laws that recognize domain names as property, said Jonathan Askin, a technology law professor at Brooklyn Law School.
“It’s a serious problem without any legitimate recourse,” Askin said.
As the value of domain names has grown, major companies are taking security more seriously, even hiring third-party firms to guard their web addresses from thieves. Perhaps as a result, reports of domain theft have become somewhat rare. The FBI received 26 reports of domain theft over the past year, according to an FBI spokesman.
But domain hijacking often goes unreported, Askin said. And it's small businesses that are both more vulnerable and more likely to be financially destroyed by the theft. Hackers know small businesses make easy targets because they don’t have the resources or knowledge to secure their domain names, said Leo Taddeo, head of the FBI’s cyber division in New York.
Hackers typically go after websites that are not being used by their owners, who have either bought the domains to host websites or to sell them for profit later. So thefts often go unnoticed for months. When victims finally discover what happened, they feel it’s too late to do anything about it, Askin said.
A short, catchy domain name can be worth millions of dollars,
making the URLs valuable targets for hackers.
Criminals typically steal domain names by hacking into a victim’s email account. From there, they gain control of a domain -- often without its rightful owner knowing -- by replying to an email sent by the registrar to approve the transfer of the website to the hacker's account.
When that happens, most victims contact the company where they bought their domain name, assuming the registrar can quickly get it back. But that’s not always the case.
Known for its sexually charged Super Bowl ads, GoDaddy is the world’s largest registrar. It boasts of having the widest selection of domain names and mostly sells them for between $10 and $50 a year.
But in the fine print, GoDaddy’s terms of service state that customers are “solely responsible” for keeping their websites secure and the company is not liable for loss due to fraud.
When websites are stolen, GoDaddy spokesman Nick Fuller said the company “does everything in our power to help our customers recover their domain names.”
“GoDaddy has a knowledgeable and experienced team dedicated to handling these situations,” Fuller said in an email. “We employ every avenue available to us in order to return hijacked or disputed domain names.”
GoDaddy said the company’s policies -- such as waiting two months before transferring a domain to someone else -- have protected many customers from thieves who falsely claim their domains were stolen. “In reality, the supposed ‘victim’ in such cases is often really a thief attempting to socially engineer our staff,” Fuller said.
Fuller said the company also offers two-step authentication, which requires customers to enter a pin code sent to their phones when they log in to their accounts. The security feature is supposed to make it harder for hackers to steal domains because they must also have access to their victims' phones.
Lee said he does not remember GoDaddy offering him the added security feature, and he assumed that he could trust the company to protect his website from hackers.
“The case is pretty clear,” Lee wrote in an email to GoDaddy after he lost MLA.com. “I’ve owned the domain since 1997. I parked [it] with GoDaddy for two years. Someone hacked my account and now it is gone. Your job is to bring it back to where it was.”
But Fuller, the GoDaddy spokesman, said the company can only go so far when a customer's website is stolen because GoDaddy must follow rules created by ICANN. Fuller said GoDaddy could not return MLA.com to Lee because someone had transferred it to Internet.bs, a lesser-known registrar based in the Bahamas, and Internet.bs refused to transfer it back to GoDaddy.
“We have little recourse in this type of situation, and cannot ‘force’ a gaining registrar to return a domain,” Fuller said.
In an emailed statement, Patty Miller, an Internet.bs representative, said the company could not determine the rightful owner of MLA.com because it was allegedly stolen while managed by another registrar and was transferred legally to Internet.bs. Miller said the company was willing to cooperate with any investigation into the matter, but so far the alleged theft of MLA.com “remains unsubstantiated.”
“Our own investigations into the matter have been concluded,” Miller said. “We urge Mr. Lee to pursue his complaint through the proper legal channels.”
In April, Lee’s attorney, Stevan Lieberman, filed a lawsuit, asking a judge to return MLA.com to him. The case is still pending.
Lee’s graphic design and advertising company has four full-time employees and more than 20 clients, including the credit card company Discover. He said it took eight months to build his business back to where it was before his domain name was stolen. He now runs the company from michaellee.com, which he calls “a longer, less-attractive” domain. Visitors to MLA.com are greeted with a default web page that suggests the site’s new owner hasn’t decided what to do with it.
Lee said the episode has been a painful lesson in how easily someone can steal a domain and “totally upset your personal and business life.”
“You have to start over after having spent years building something up. It just kind of wipes you out.”
- Michael Lee, the former owner of MLA.com
“You have to start over after having spent years building something up,” he said. “It just kind of wipes you out.”
If a registrar like GoDaddy can’t help, domain theft victims have little other recourse. They rarely win lawsuits because courts in most states have ruled that website names are only contracts between customers and domain registrars and victims can’t sue to get them back. California and Nebraska are just two of a few states where the courts treat domain names as physical property and allow victims to file lawsuits to recover them, according to Askin, the professor at Brooklyn Law School.
Albert Angel convinced prosecutors to charge the hacker
who stole his domain name, P2P.com.
Local police don’t provide much help either because they don’t know how to handle such cases, according to Albert Angel, a former Justice Department lawyer. Angel bought the website P2P.com for $160,000 in July 2005 as an investment, but it was stolen from him a year later. He reported the theft to Miami-Dade police, who sent an officer to his door.
“I told the officer that our domain had been stolen. He scratched his head and said, ‘OK, what’s a domain?’”
- Former Justice Department lawyer Albert Angel
“I told the officer that our domain had been stolen,” Angel said in an interview. “He scratched his head and said, ‘OK, what’s a domain?’”
Angel filed a lawsuit against the thief in New Jersey, where Angel believed that he was living, and gathered enough evidence to convince prosecutors there to pursue a criminal case. They charged Daniel Goncalves, a 25-year-old computer technician living in New Jersey, with stealing P2P.com by hacking Angel’s email account. Goncalves later sold the website for $111,000 to Mark Madsen, a professional basketball player who last played for the Los Angeles Clippers and has also bought and sold domain names.
Madsen was unaware the domain was stolen and later gave P2P.com back to Angel, who has since turned the address into a website that matches people in need of loans with lenders. In 2011, Goncalves pleaded guilty and was sentenced to five years in prison in what is believed to be the only criminal conviction for domain theft.
Legal experts and victims have offered several solutions that, if implemented, could help domain theft victims. They argue that Congress should pass legislation that creates a way for them to get their stolen websites back. ICANN could also change its policies to hold registrars like GoDaddy more accountable when domain names are stolen, they say.
For victims who struggle to reclaim their stolen websites, one blogger has emerged as an unlikely source of help. The blogger, who asked that his name not be used because he feared reprisal from hackers, works as a website designer by day and spends his free time publishing a blog about the domain industry called domaingang.com .
DomainGang.com, run by an anonymous blogger, publishes news on the domain industry. The blogger reported that MLA.com appeared to have been stolen.
In an interview, he said he scours online forums for domain names that appear to be stolen because they are advertised for much less money than they are likely worth. He writes about such cases on his blog and notifies the rightful owners.
“I’ll call them up and say ‘Are you aware that your domain name is up for sale?’ They’ll say, ‘No, I had no idea,’” he said.
The blogger said he wants to help others navigate the confusing, stressful process of recovering a stolen domain because he was once a victim of domain theft himself. A decade ago, hackers found a security hole in the company where he registered a website and stole his domain “just because they could,” he said.
“I don’t want these people to lose their property,” he said. “It’s a big headache for a small business owner who has to go through all these hoops to figure out what’s going on, and then they get resistance from their registrars.”
Jordan Reid was forced to negotiate with a hacker to get
her domain name back.
Jordan Reid, a popular lifestyle blogger who writes under a pseudonym, said she was met with such resistance when her website, RamshackleGlam.com , was stolen. She took a less-traveled route to get it back: negotiating with the hacker.
In April, Reid learned that a hacker stole her blog name and tried to sell it for $30,000 on Flippa.com, a marketplace for buying and selling websites. The hacker promised the winning bidder all of Reid’s traffic, files, and data, and said she was available to continue writing posts “for hire.”
Reid said she spent 12 hours a day for the next three days on the phone with HostMonster, where she registered the website name, and GoDaddy, where the hacker had transferred it into a private account. Neither company could return her domain.
So Reid decided to deal with the hacker directly. After they agreed on a price, which she said was less than $30,000, Reid wired the money to the hacker through an account with Escrow.com, a third-party money-transfer website.
Three days after her domain had been stolen, her website was released back to her. But the hacker never got the money. Reid said she quickly placed a stop on the payment, and eventually got the money back in a check from Escrow.com five months later. She also filed a complaint with the FBI, which is still investigating. In a blog post about the ordeal , she said she was “absolutely blown away” by the FBI’s quick response.
But Reid is still surprised that she was forced to take matters into her own hands.
“I think it’s pretty extraordinary that the only recourse I had was to interact with a criminal and pay him off,” Reid said in an interview. “That was the only thing I could do.”
More:

5 crore accounts opened under Jan Dhan scheme  says Financial Services Secy.5 crore accounts opened under Jan Dhan scheme  says Financial Services Secy.
Modi s decisions make Indian diaspora feel welcomeModi s decisions make Indian diaspora feel welcome
Buy MCX Natural Gas Oct; target of Rs 267/270: AngelBuy MCX Natural Gas Oct; target of Rs 267/270: Angel
Tata Motors appoints new passenger vehicle headTata Motors appoints new passenger vehicle head
Shiv Sena minister Anant Geete to quit Union cabinetShiv Sena minister Anant Geete to quit Union cabinet
Mukherjee congratulates Asian Games medal winnersMukherjee congratulates Asian Games medal winners
Mecklai Financial Report: September 29  2014Mecklai Financial Report: September 29  2014
Tata Sky targets south India with robust content and marketingTata Sky targets south India with robust content and marketing
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 05:50 PM IST
Tata Sky, the direct-to-home service provider with the second largest subscriber base in the country, has now set its eyes on the south India market. Targetting the four south Indian states of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh,the DTH operator aims to beef up presence in the south, a market dominated by the Sun Group's Sun Direct which has almost 50 to 55% market share by volume.
The campaign is backed by customised packaging and services for the market after the Tata sky team carried out research based on customer feedback. "The first market we targeted was Kerala. When we went on the field and asked people what they found lacking in the Tata Sky offering. We got to know that the people felt we did not have enough South Indian channels. So we went out there, got on more channels and reasonable cost and made the customer service centres better suited for Kerala," says Vikram Mehra, chief commercial officer, Tata Sky.
The Tata Sky bouquet for the south market offers close to 87 south Indian language channels (31 Tamil,23 Telegu, 14 Kannada and 19 Malayalam) along with a wide range of English entertainment channels and knowledge based (edutainment orinfotainment channels) as part of its basic packs. The company also provides a 24x7 helpline that is trained to answer subscriber queries in Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, and Malayalam as part of beefing up its customer service.
In case of its Kerala campaign, the company roped in actor Mohan Lal to communicate the fact that Tata Sky had listened to its consumers and now had more to offer in terms of channels and services to them. A similar tact is being employed for the other three states. This time around as well, the DTH operator has roped in popular celebrities Mahesh Babu and Sudesh for the Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka campaign. While the campaign has been designed to communicate that Tata Sky offers exactly what the South Indian customers want, which state has different creatives deployed in print, outdoor and on television.
This creatives are inspired by insights drawn from each state and then woven with the intend communiation. For example, the Karnataka campaign with Sudeep is built on the insight that people have gotten used to adjusting to most things in life. The advertising thus suggests that with Tata Sky's superior offerings there is no need to compromise when one is choosing a settop box. Similar insights have been used in the Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh specific advertising campaigns.
"After we added local language channels and spruced up our customer service centres and carried out the campaign with Mohan Lal, we took leadership position in Kerala (in terms of incremental subscribers per month) within six months. We are confident that if we have the products and services at the right cost, we will be able to strengthen our presence in the south," said Mehra.
While he remained silent on the issue of market shares and competition in the south market, a professional in the industry revealed that Sun Direct is faced with the problem of high churn. "In the first place, the urban territories in south Indian states are slowly becoming level playing grounds for all DTH players. In the rural ones however, Sun Direct still rules and is a giant player. But because of the high subsidy given on the STB's, the quality of the boxes is being compromised. Customers now prefer to just discard the old box and get a new one if it gets spoilt rather than get it repaired. You see, the cost of getting a new one is the same as getting the existing one repaired. While they may buy anotherSun Direct box itself, the churn is affecting Sun Direct's growth,"he says.
 

Festive weekend  discounts boost sales for travel portalsFestive weekend, discounts boost sales for travel portals
BS Reporter | Mumbai: Sep 29, 2014 05:50 PM IST
Travel portals have seen a surge in bookings aided by several rounds of discount offers and strong demand over the festive weekend.
"A lot of fliers appear to have utilised the promotional fares and discounts to travel on the October 2nd weekend. This is evident from the fact that the number of airline passengers who have booked their travel (with us) for October 2014 is already two-thirds of the total number of our air passengers of October 2013 . Nevertheless, we expect significant last-minute bookings given the increasing propensity for impulse-travel and a very tempting long weekend,'' said Ranjeet Oak, senior vice president, MakeMyTrip.
According to MakeMyTrip, the number of bookings for the first two days (Oct 1-2) is twice the average for the month. In fact, this spike is seen all through the long weekend with the number of people flying in the first six days (Oct 1-6) being 1.45 times the monthly average.
Tour operators and hotels too have seen a growth as people are taking short trips both within India and overseas from October 2 (Gandhi Jayanti) till October 6 (Eid). The strong demand around this festive weekend is an indicator of a positive growth in travel this winter, industry sources said.
" Our bookings have almost doubled over the last week. We are still continuing to see a rise in bookings with the long weekend approaching. The fares over the last week have been fairly competitive, but we have started seeing a marginal rise in airfares now and anticipate fares to rise as the weekend approaches,'' said Sharat Dhall, president of Yatra.com.
Shibani Phadkar, senior vice president and head leisure travel (outbound) Thomas Cook said there is a significant growth in number of customers seeking 6-7 days tour by extending Durga Pooja and Dassera holiday. Short haul destinations like Thailand, Dubai and Singapore have witnessed 25-40% rise in hotel bookings for this weekend, she added.
"The economy has stabilised and there are more inquiries now. The strong demand during this festive weekend is an indicator of positive growth in travel this winter. Even first time visitors are seeking tours to Europe or Australia. We are expecting 15 growth in outbound tours in comparison to 2013,'' said Guldeep Singh Sahni, president of the Outbound Tour Operators of India.
Fares for travel on Oct 2
Fares available last week      

HDIL promoters revoke all pledged sharesHDIL promoters revoke all pledged shares
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 05:44 PM IST
Promoters of property developer Housing Development and Infrastructure Limited (HDIL) have revoked all shares earlier pledged with IL&FS Trust Company. The company said the entire promoter holding in the company is non-pledged.
IL&FS Trust Company released 75.4 million shares of promoters, including chairman Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan, today. The released shares in the latest tranche comprises 51.89% of the total shares pledged by promoter group.
Earlier on July 4, 2014, IL&FS Trust Company had released 70 million equity shares, comprising 48.11% of the total pledged shares of promoter group.
 

Germany skids closer towards deflationGermany skids closer towards deflation
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd4d9c4a-3e6a-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

If Your Airline s Painting Planes  Watch OutAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

East Germany still lags behind westEast Germany still lags behind west after fall of Berlin Wall
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59bd369a-43fd-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Walmart s New Strategy To Target The PoorBy offering low-fee checking accounts, Walmart dares to go where most big banks won't. Few major financial institutions are willing to give lower-income Americans checking accounts these days -- without exorbitant fees.
But, unlike the big banks, Walmart really needs low-income customers.
The retail goliath on Wednesday announced it would offer customers checking accounts with no minimum balance and no fees for overdrafts or bounced checks. Those who get a direct deposit of at least $500 every month -- a floor that includes many people receiving government benefits -- will have the $8.95 monthly fee waived.
The decision to introduce the checking account, which will be available by the end of October, came after hearing from customers that “traditional banking fees are just too high,” said Molly Blakeman, a Walmart spokeswoman.  “We think that our customers have a need there and we’re looking to help them fill that."
Walmart’s core customers -- low-income Americans -- have been squeezed by government benefit cuts , high unemployment and stagnant wages.
The new checking account may offer some relief by cutting the cost of financial services, like paying bills and cashing checks. That also could free up money for people to spend at Walmart.
“It should help them if they are able to save the fees that they’re currently experiencing,” said Ken Perkins, the founder of Retail Metrics, a research and data firm. “That’s a chunk of their grocery bill that month.”
Walmart needs that money. Sales at U.S. stores open a year, an important retail metric, have been flat or negative for six straight quarters. Food stamp cuts in November hurt the company's bottom line, executives said.
Walmart has been pushing for several years to get into financial services. The company offers check-cashing, bill-pay and a prepaid debit card. The retail giant also houses independent bank branches in some of its stores.
In the mid-2000s, Walmart tried to get a federal bank charter so it could take deposits, a move widely opposed by the banking industry at the time. This new effort differs in that the services are provided through Green Dot Bank, but exclusively available at Walmart. To open an account, customers must buy a $2.95 starter kit from a Walmart store.
In recent years, traditional banks have shied away from lower-income people without traditional bank accounts -- "the unbanked and underbanked," who make up nearly 10 million and 24 million households in the U.S. respectively, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Because banks can’t make much money off accounts with low balances, “they’re trying to repel these accounts with high fees,” said Mehrsa Baradaran, a professor at the University of Georgia’s School of Law who studies the unbanked.
Fewer than half of lower-income households are fully banked, according to a 2012 survey from the FDIC. That means they’ve recently used alternative financial products, like payday loans or check-cashing services, which typically charge high fees.
Some big banks have launched accounts similar to Walmart's recently. Bank of America has a SafeBalance account, with a monthly fee of $4.95 and no overdraft penalties. Citibank's Access Account, introduced Tuesday, has a monthly fee of $10 that can be waived if customers make one monthly bill payment or direct deposit, or if they average a monthly balance of $1,500 or more. The Citibank account doesn't charge overdraft fees, either.
That Walmart is one of the few options available to poor customers looking for a cheap bank account is troubling, given the retailer's profit motive, said Wallace Turbeville, a senior fellow at Demos, a progressive think tank. Unlike the Post Office, which some have considered as an option for low-fee checking, there's no reason for Walmart and its partner bank not to take advantage of customers who have so little bargaining power, he said.
“There’s a huge number of people that are underserved or overcharged for financial services,” Turbeville said. “That suggests that its going to be profitable for Walmart.”
More:

Criticisms for  Inadequate Facilities  Face Bangkok s Pata ZooHome > Nightline > Photos >
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

BlackBerry Sells 200 000 Passport Phones in Two Daysblackberry sells 200 000 passport phones in two days
HomeMade Pizza locations being taken overHomeMade Pizza locations being taken over
HomeMade Pizza
Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune
A HomeMade Pizza Co. in the 1300 block of South Michigan Avenue.
A HomeMade Pizza Co. in the 1300 block of South Michigan Avenue. (Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune)
By Ameet Sachdev, Tribune reporter
U.S. Postal Service
Highland Park pizzeria Bake 425 has purchased the assets of HomeMade Pizza Co
Some of the former stores of HomeMade Pizza Co., which abruptly closed in June, are slated to reopen under new ownership and a new name but the same take-and-bake pizza concept.
8
Bill Borneman, an investor in Lake Forest, said he acquired eight HomeMade Pizza locations and some of the defunct company's equipment in July. The purchase came shortly before he opened his first take-and-bake pizza store, called Bake 425, in Highland Park in August, which he had been developing for several months.
cComments
I'm sure this guy did a business plan that included sales figures for the Homemade Pizza's locations, but somehow I think it's weird that virtually the same operation is going in to replace something that obviously failed. I doubt that having organic, locally-sourced...
liberalgal14
1
“We were weeks away from opening when HomeMade went dark,” Borneman said. “I didn't necessarily envision that we would grow this fast.”
He plans to rebrand and reopen the former HomeMade stores over the next several months, with the goal of completing the project by spring. The eight stores are located in Winnetka, Lake Forest, Glencoe, Evanston (two stores), Hinsdale, Glenview and the Lakeview neighborhood in Chicago.
HomeMade Pizza had 22 outlets in the Chicago area. Borneman said he understands that the other locations will be liquidated.
Borneman said his pizzas are different from HomeMade's because the ingredients are organic or locally sourced. His pizzas are priced from $12.75 to $20.
Borneman's background is in advertising. In 2002, he founded Power Direct, a marketing company based in Newport Beach, Calif., that delivers ads to homes, skipping the U.S. Postal Service. He sold the company in 2012 and moved his family to Lake Forest to be closer to relatives.
Borneman, 50, declined to comment on the price of the HomeMade acquisition.
He said he's a fan of the take-and-bake concept from a business standpoint because the stores only assemble the pizzas and don't require expensive ovens and ventilation systems.
“I also like the idea because it gives families more control over when and how they cook the pizza,” he said.
The news was first reported by Crain's Chicago Business.
asachdev@tribune.com

Indian politician jailed for corruptionIndian politician jailed for lavish corruption
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d2ada48-46cb-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama admits US underestimated IsisBarack Obama admits US underestimated Isis
By Borzou Daragahi in Baghdad and Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39fc2d32-4729-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India hits reset in south AsiaMay 25, 2014 3:41 pm
India hits reset in south Asia
Modi has wasted no time in shaping a new foreign policy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0131e74c-e26d-11e3-89fd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi woos allies for economic reform pushModi courts allies for economic reform push 
By James Crabtree in Mumbai 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3097578-df59-11e3-86a4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German Jews are a miracle says MerkelGerman Jews are ‘miracle’ and ‘special gift’ says Angela Merkel
By Tony Barber
Old prejudices survive and new grievances smoulder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e781d0f0-4405-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Italy targets Prada chiefs in tax probeItaly targets Prada chiefs in tax probe
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong and Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2903752e-478a-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shares of Sun TV  SpiceJet rise after Jayalalitha s arrestShares of Sun TV, SpiceJet gain after Jayalalitha's arrest in disproportionate assets case
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 11:40 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of Sun TV Network gained 2.6 per cent in the early session on Monday, while the shares of SpiceJet surged 1.63 per cent.
Traders said gains were seen due to management control of the two companies by family members of key opposition party leaders in Tamil Nadu, which until last week was led by Jayalalithaa Jayaram.
A special court on Saturday sentenced Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa to four years in jail in disproportionate assets case.
(Reuters)

New Afghan president sworn-in after disputed voteAfghan presidential candidate Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai speaks during a news conference at his resident in Kabul, Afghanistan, Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:22 pm
Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai was sworn-in on Monday as Afghanistan’s new president, replacing Hamid Karzai in the country’s first democratic transfer of power since the 2001 U.S.-led invasion toppled the Taliban.
Ghani Ahmadzai became president of Afghanistan in a peaceful transition after a six-month election season that ended with marathon negotiations that gave the newly created position of chief executive to his challenger Abdullah Abdullah.
Karzai had been Afghanistan’s only leader since 2001.
Ghani Ahmadzai entered the presidential palace wearing a dark black turban popular in the country’s south. His electoral challenger Abdullah, who is slated to fill the newly created position of chief executive, sat two seats away, with Karzai anchoring the spot in between.
Karzai — the only president Afghans and the West has known since the invasion — wore a wide smile as he greeted his presidential guards upon entering the palace. Karzai has said he is glad to be stepping down after more than a decade of what the U.S. ambassador recently said was one of the most difficult jobs in the world.
The inauguration caps a nearly six-month election season that began when ballots were first cast in April. A runoff election in June between Ghani Ahmadzai and Abdullah stretched on for weeks as both sides leveled charges of fraud. The United Nations helped carry out what it said was the most thorough recount in its history, a count that reduced Ghani Ahmadzai’s vote percentage from 56 percent to 55 percent, but still gave him the win.
But the real power struggle was taking place in marathon talks between the two sides, often brokered by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and other U.S. officials. The political deal the sides agreed to created the new position of chief executive that Abdullah will now fill.
U.S. officials have said they expect Ghani Ahmadzai to sign a security agreement with the U.S. shortly after his inauguration to allow about 10,000 American troops to stay in the country after the international combat mission ends on Dec. 31.
Meanwhile, violence continued Monday in Afghanistan. In the eastern province of Paktia, Capt. Mohammed Hekhlas said that a car bomb exploded near a government compound as gunmen attacked, sparking a gun battle that killed seven Taliban militants. Another police official, who gave his name as Azimullah, said four police officers and two civilians also were killed.
In Kabul, where the city is readying for the presidential inauguration, a roadside bomb exploded on the airport road. Officials said no one was hurt or killed.

Gold  silver recover on festive season demandNew Delhi, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 15:42 IST
Gold, silver recover on festive season demand
PTI
The Hindu Silver followed suit and gained Rs. 65 anto Rs. 39,600 per kg on increased off-take by industrial units and coin makers. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity traded Rs.70 each higher at Rs. 27,300 and Rs. 27,100 per ten grams respectively. It had lost Rs. 320 in the previous session.
Gold prices recovered by Rs. 70 to Rs. 27,300 per ten grams in New Delhi on Monday on pick up in festive season demand.
Silver followed suit and gained Rs. 65 to Rs. 39,600 per kg on increased off-take by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders attributed the recovery in gold and silver prices to pick up in festive season demand.
They said weak rupee against the American currency that made the imports of dollar-quoted gold costlier, also influenced bullion prices.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity traded Rs.70 each higher at Rs. 27,300 and Rs. 27,100 per ten grams respectively. It had lost Rs. 320 in the previous session.
Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs. 24,200 per piece of eight gram in scattered deals.
Silver ready moved up by Rs. 65 to Rs. 39,600 per kg while weekly-based delivery ruled steady at Rs. 39,170 per kg on lack of speculators’ support. The white metal had lost Rs. 365 in last trade.
Silver coins, however, continued to be enquired at last level of Rs. 69,000 for buying and Rs. 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Sensex Edges Lower; Banks Weigh Ahead of RBI Policy ReviewYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Lower; Banks Weigh Ahead of RBI Policy Review
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 15:54 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The BSE Sensex fell on Monday as rate-sensitive firms such as ICICI Bank fell a day ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review, although exporters gained after the rupee weakened.
Falls also tracked lower Asian shares after an upwards revision to US economic growth estimate for the second quarter raised fears of a Fed rate hike, while political unrest in Hong Kong also weighed on sentiment.
ICICI Bank provisionally closed 1.4 per cent lower, while HDFC Bank fell 0.6 per cent.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries rose 3.6 per cent, while Tata Consultancy Services Ltd ended higher 3.3 per cent.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 0.11 per cent lower, while the broader Nifty lost 0.12 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Travel Companies Surge on PM Modi s Visa PlansThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Stocks of travel companies surged today after Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced lifetime visa for holders of the Person of Indian Origin or PIO card.
Cox & Kings surged 8 per cent, Thomas Cook (India) jumped 6.9 per cent, while Mahindra Holidays and Resorts gained 4.3 per cent.
Speaking at New York's Madison Square Garden, he also said that India would allow visas on arrival for US citizens. He also said people of Indian origin would be granted lifetime visas.
He announced that those with PIO cards will no longer have to report regularly to a police station.
Mr Modi said his government was committed to solving the problems of people of Indian origin who held different cards like the one for PIOs or then the overseas citizen of India or OCI card. He added that these schemes would soon be combined.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 13:57 (IST)

NSE VIX Surges amid Biggest Foreign Selling Streak since MayYou are here: Home Market
NSE VIX Surges amid Biggest Foreign Selling Streak since May
Agencies | Updated On: September 29, 2014 11:40 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The National Stock Exchange's volatility gauge, India VIX surged 7.3 per cent on Monday and is heading towards fourth day of gains in five on fears of foreign investor sales. India VIX is now up nearly 20 per cent since September 22.
The sharp rise in VIX- also referred to as the "fear gauge" - comes at a time when foreign investors have sold equity shares for seven straight days. On Friday, FIIs sold shares worth Rs 1,133 crore. According to Reuters, Indian stocks have witnessed their biggest FII selling streak since May.
Traders cited uncertainties including the Supreme Court's cancellation of most coal blocks allotted since 1993 for the rise in uncertainty. State elections in October are also seen weighing on markets.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party - the BJP - needs to perform well in state elections as his government does not have a majority in Rajya Sabha. The government needs to have a simple majority in both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha to pass Bills.
The volatility index helps prepare market participants become more proactive and careful about their portfolios.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Hindustan Unilever Falls; Morgan Stanley Cuts on  Lofty  ValuationsThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) fell 2 per cent on Monday.
Morgan Stanley downgraded the stock to "underweight" from "equalweight." The brokerage cited "lofty" valuations despite "weak" earnings growth.
HUL traded at 37.6 times 12-month forward earnings compared with 35 times for peers, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Morgan Stanley said ITC is its top pick in the Indian consumer goods sector.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sun Pharma  Voltas Gain Amid Huge VolumeYou are here: Home Market
Sun Pharma, Voltas Gain Amid Huge Volume
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 10:26 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Stocks like Sun Pharma and Voltas extended its gain on Monday with huge volumes. Shares in Sun Pharma were up over 3 per cent at Rs 831.95 on Monday with a volume of around 10.38 lakh shares on NSE as of 10 a.m.
Likewise Voltas also gained nearly 1 per cent on Monday with volume of around 11.46 lakh shares on NSE as of 10.a.m.
These stocks had also witnessed huge gain in its delivery volume on Friday. Sun Pharma gained over 4 per cent on Friday with around 185 per cent jump in its delivery volume to 48.19 lakh shares. Total volume in the stock also increased 236 per cent over its last ten day's average volume to 1 crore shares on Friday.
Voltas also witnessed huge gain in its delivery volume on last Friday. Voltas gained over 7 per cent on Friday with 115 per cent increase in delivery volume over its last ten day's average. Its total volume in the company also increased around 50 per cent to 44.12 lakh shares.
Typically if a stock gains amid spike in delivery volume and overall volume then it is likely that investors are buying the stock for investment. The other stocks which also gained on Friday amid increased volume are as follows:
1) Bhusan Steel: The stock gained 5 per cent on Friday with 97 per cent increase in delivery volume over its last ten day's average. Its total volume also increased 148 per cent to 9.17 lakh shares. The stock is also up 5 per cent today.
2) Godrej Industries gained 2 per cent on Friday with over 1800 per cent increase in its delivery volume over its last ten days average. The stock also registered a 660 per cent increase in its total traded volume to 4.66 lakh shares on Friday.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 10:23 (IST)

Havells Chairman Ranked Among India s Top BillionairesYou are here: Home Corporates
Havells Chairman Qimat Rai Gupta Ranked 48th on Forbes India Rich List
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 15:18 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Qimat Rai Gupta, the 77-year-old chairman of electrical equipment maker Havells India, has made it to the Forbes' billionaire list for the first time. Mr Gupta, whose net worth was $2 billion as of September 2014, is India's 48th richest man, Forbes said.
The septuagenarian started his career as a school teacher in Punjab, but turned an entrepreneur in 1958, when he founded Guptajee and Company with a sum of Rs 10,000. The company specialised in fixtures and electric cable.
Mr Gupta bought the Havells brand in 1971 and in 1976 set up the company's first manufacturing plant for rewireable switches and changeover switches at West Delhi's Kirti Nagar.
Havells jumped into the big league in 2007, when it bought global lighting company Sylvania. The acquisition catapulted Havells among the world's top four lighting companies. Today, Havells owns global brands like Crabtree, Sylvania, Concord, Luminance and Standard.
In 2013-14 fiscal year, Havells India reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 446 crore on sales of Rs 8,227 crore. The company's shares have more than doubled in the past one year and have outperformed the broader Nifty, which is up 37 per cent.
For the first time, the 100 richest Indians on the Forbes' list are all billionaires. Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani retained his number one ranking with a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year. Mr Ambani has topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.(See | India's 100 Richest Are all Billionaires: Forbes )
Sun Pharma's Dilip Shanghvi (net worth $18 billion) got richer by $4.1 billion this year and displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal ($15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 15:18 (IST)

IDBI Bank Gains After Borrowing Limit HikeYou are here: Home Market
IDBI Bank Gains After Borrowing Limit Hike
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 11:07 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
IDBI Bank gained 0.8 per cent today after its board hiked borrowing limit.
The board approved the hike in borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore ($2.44 billion) from Rs 4000 crore.
It also approved infusion of additional capital of Rs 58.34 crore by way of equity in unit IDBI asset management.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

NHPC  State-run Financial Firms Gain on S&P UpgradeNHPC gained 1.5 per cent on Monday after S&P raised its outlook to "stable."
State-run financial firms such as State Bank of India also gained after being similarly upgraded.
Upgrades came after S&P raised India's outlook on Friday. The global rating agency revised India's credit outlook to "stable" from "negative", acknowledging the improved political and economic environment in Asia's third largest economy.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex  Nifty flat; Reliance & Infosys up  HUL fallsSep 29, 2014 at  04:19pm IST
Sensex, Nifty flat; Reliance & Infosys up, HUL falls
7
1
Mumbai: Sensex on Monday fell 29 points to end at 26,597.11 while Nifty sliped 10 points to close at 7,958.90.
Earlier the market has opened on a flat note. The Sensex is up 8.81 points at 26635.13 and the Nifty is up 9.60 points at 7978.45. About 474 shares have advanced, 127 shares declined, and 22 shares are unchanged.
Tata Steel, Wipro, Axis Bank, Reliance and Infosys are top gainers in the gainers while HUL, Coal India, ITC, Tata Motors and Bharti Airtel are major laggards in the Sensex.
Sensex on Monday fell 29 points to end at 26,597.11 while Nifty sliped 10 points to close at 7,958.90.
#sensex #nifty #tata steel #wipro
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi received a rock star reception at Madison square garden. As a Navratara gift for a rapturous crowd of NRIs, persons of Indian origin cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa. Modi said he wants the world to 'Make in India', lists democracy, demographic dividend & demand as India's biggest strengths.
Globally, US stocks rose sharply on Friday, cutting losses for the week, after the government raised its estimate of economic growth in the second quarter and consumer sentiment rose in September. And on the economic data front, the US economy grew at an annual rate of 4.6 per cent in the second quarter.
In commodities, Brent crude trades close to 97 levels giving back most of their gains from the previous session as dollar strengthens. From precious metals space, gold prices fall as a dollar-driven rally encouraged by US economic growth dimmed bullion's investment appeal.
0

India s IT infrastructure spending to reach $2 Billion in 2015: GartnerIndia will Be the 2nd largest market for data center infra In APAC: Report
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 18:59  IST
Sep 29 2014, 18:59  IST
 

Broader markets outperform; Small-cap index up 1.5%Broader markets outperform; Small-cap index up 1.5%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 01:15 PM IST
Benchmark share indices continued to trade flat in noon deals on Monday as investors shunned large caps and looked for bargains in the mid-cap and small-cap shares after the recent correction.
At 1:15PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 0.03% at 26,617 and the 50-share Nifty was down 0.1% at 7,963.  
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 1.2% and Small-cap index was up 1.7%.
The Indian rupee was trading lower at Rs 61.44 to the US dollar compared to Friday's close of Rs 61.14 because of month-end dollar demand from importers. Further, the trend in the Indian currency will track the RBI monetary policy review tomorrow.
Asian markets remained volatile following political unrest in Hong Kong, the worst since China took control 20 years ago. Japanese shares firmed up 0.5% led by exporters' shares following the weakness in the yen. Shanghai Composite was up 0.5% while shares in Hong Kong witnessed selling pressure with the Hang Seng down nearly 2%. Meanwhile, Singapore's Straits Times was trading flat with negative bias.
European markers were trading lower 0.1-0.2% each ahead of key economic data for release later today.
Healthcare, IT and Consumer Durables indices were the top gainers up 1.3-2.1% each. Metal, FMCG and Bankex were the top losers.
TCS was up 2.6% after the company was awarded as the "Best Technology Provider" by "Reactions," a leading insurance publication covering the global insurance and reinsurance market. Infosys was up 1.8%.
Pharma shares were also among the top Sensex gainers with Sun Pharma and Cipla up 1-3% each.
Index heavyweight Reliance Industries was up 0.8%.
FMCG majors were down after recent market research report suggests that rural consumption declined 7% in May-July against a fall of 1% in the year-ago period. In value terms, consumption rose just 1%, compared with 2% last year. Further, downgrade by Morgan Stanley to 'underweight' from 'equalweight' weighed on HUL which was down 1.3%. ITC was also trading 1.3% lower.
Financial stocks were trading lower as investors booked profits ahead of the RBI monetary policy review tomorrow. HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank were down 0.5% each.
Among other shares, HOV Services is locked in upper circuit of 20% at Rs 121 on back of heavy volumes after its business process outsourcing (BPO) firm SourceHOV said it has entered into an agreement with BancTec Group LLC.
Market breadth was positive with 1,858 gainers and 826 losers on the BSE.

Sumitomo warns on profits  takes $1.5bn writedownAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

KKR in A$3.4bn bid for Penfolds ownerKKR offers revised A$3.4bn bid for Treasury Wine
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95b11960-1b6b-11e4-b649-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Treasury Wine  the wrath of grapes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/bd3f0756-e026-11e3-b709-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Slain 26/11 cop Hemant Karkare s wife Kavita dies of brain haemorrhageComments
Kavita Karkare, wife of slain anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief Hemant Karkare who died fighting terrorists during the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai, died at the PD Hinduja Hospital on Monday following a brain haemorrhage. She had slipped into coma after suffering from brain hemorrhage and cardiac complications.
After the doctors declared Kavita Karkare dead on Monday, her children were approached for organ donation by the hospital. The family - two daughters and son - have consented for donating her organs.
Kavita's husband Hemant Karkare, then Maharashtra ATS chief, died defending Mumbai in the November 26, 2008 attacks.
He was killed on the night of 26/11 near Cama Hospital, along with Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte and senior police inspector Vijay Salaskar.
(With PTI inputs)

Chinese censors are trying to erase Hong Kongs pro-democracy movementThe Future of Hong Kong
September 29, 2014
HONG KONG—China’s government is scrambling to keep its citizens unaware of pro-democracy protests that have  paralyzed Hong Kong , the semi-autonomous territory where demonstrators are demanding free elections and more independence from Beijing.
Most Chinese websites have been ordered to wipe any mention of “Hong Kong students violently assaulting the government and about ‘Occupy Central,’” one of the groups organizing the protests. If state-run news sites are mentioning the demonstrations at all, they are running official statements and op-eds  condemning them as illegal protests that “ spun out of control .”
On social media, censors are also moving quickly. One mainland student in Hong Kong told Quartz that her photos and videos from the protests began to be blocked on the messaging app Weixin (known in English as WeChat) last night, and Facebook’s photo sharing app Instagram also appears to be blocked  in major Chinese cities.
The number of times search queries on China’s Weibo microblog has prompted a “permission denied” notice has more than quadrupled to 152 per 10,000 published posts yesterday—up from only 35 on Friday, when students demonstrations kicked off a  wider protest movement . Terms like “Hong Kong,” and “police” were censored the most on Saturday and Sunday.
Despite the attempt at an information blackout, it’s obvious that mainland internet users are interested in what is happening in Hong Kong. Before censors tightened their reins on Weibo, “Hong Kong” was a trending topic. On FreeWeibo, a website that publishes deleted Weibo posts, “Hong Kong” and “Occupy Central” were the two  top searches  today.
Hong Kong and Instagram getting blocked all top trending on weibo before taken down pic.twitter.com/TYNKp4hTmZ
— Joe Xu  (@JoeXu) September 28, 2014
“They are our brothers and sisters. They’re Chinese,” said a 28-year-old pharmaceutical researcher in Chengdu who would only give his surname, Li. “How the government treats them is how they will treat us.”
Li says he has been following the protests closely on Weibo and Weixin, even though those platforms are also quickly being censored. “It’s difficult, but it’s all I have,” he told Quartz.
Bloggers are findings ways to get around the censors by searching for the English transliteration of blocked Chinese phrases—substituting “xianggang” for Hong Kong or “zhanzhong” for “Occupy Central,” for example. Entering a space in between the two Chinese characters for Hong Kong is another way around the restrictions, Li said.
Tap image to zoom
A blogger in Jiangsu province posts a photo of tear gas used on protesters in Hong Kong.(Weibo/u/1928222585)
Share
Tap image to zoom
A Chinese Weibo user posts a photo of a Chinese flag flying upside down in Hong Kong on Monday.(weibo/u/3503749987)
Censors are adapting swiftly. Searching for the phrase “zhanzhong” already prompts a notice on Weibo that results cannot be displayed. Even posts critical of the protesters are being removed, including a comment that read , “So violent like this, and you tell me you want democracy. I don’t want this kind of democracy!” was deleted.
Ultimately, one result of China’s far-reaching censorship of the protests is that thousands of mainland tourists planning to visit Hong Kong on Oct. 1, China’s National Day, for a shopping excusion  may get an unexpected lesson in democracy instead.
While communication is still relatively unencumbered in Hong Kong, demonstrators are preparing for the worst. After rumors that authorities were planning on shutting off mobile networks near protest sites, at least 100,000 people  in the city downloaded a free “off-grid” messaging app called Firechat, which allows users to communicate over Bluetooth, even without cellular coverage or wifi.
Share this:

Modi s diplomatic acumen: How PMO deftly defused Chumar troops standoffChinese President Xi's Visit
(It was on Modi's initiative…)
NEW DELHI: As the standoff between the Indian Army and its Chinese counterpart in the Chumar area of the Ladakh sector is nearing to an end, a key aspect in the entire episode, namely the firm leadership provided by PM Modi in handling of the situation and the deft role played by his team in the PMO in defusing the crisis, has however gone largely unnoticed.
It was on PM Modi's initiative that NSA Doval had visited Beijing as the former's Special Envoy almost a week before Chinese President Xi's visit to 'set the overall bilateral tone for it'.
This eventually played a significant role from behind the scenes in managing the crisis on account of buildup of the PLA troops in Chumar sector, senior government sources said.
"The NSA and his office were constantly on top of thesituation and activated all possible channels agreed between the two sides for dealing with the situation," another official noted.
The PMO resourced these channels to create the atmospherics and convert it into an agreement between the two sides for an early solution. The initial chemistry generated by the NSA during his Beijing visit was capitalized upon by the PMO to usefully leverage itself into a position of strength.
Seized of the unfolding developments in Chumar, the PMO immediately multi-tasked the Indian Army and the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) to work out in tandem the ground mechanics of implementing withdrawal protocols with time bound compliance of progress made. The Army Chief was directed to monitor the situation closely and defer his visit to Bhutan.
Diplomatic maneuvering 'was deftly calibrated'separately by the PMO apparatus, to keep the PM regularly briefed. Chinese Ambassador to India Le Yucheng met government officials almost on a regular basis for deliberations but he was 'neither summoned nor served a demarche'. Indian Embassy in Beijing also 'did not hand over any protest letter' to the Chinese foreign Office.
As per the worked out protocols, Flag meeting was convened by the Indian army on the ground. Subsequently, Indian Embassy in Beijing and the MEA in Delhi were asked to work simultaneously with the Chinese Foreign Ministry and their Embassy here respectively, to appreciate the need to quickly de-escalate the troops build up.
Thereafter, the Army was given a go ahead by the PMO for another flag meeting, at which modalities of withdrawal of PLA troops were arrived at. During the entire episode, it was ensured that the Indian contingent on the ground did not concede any advantage to their Chinese counterparts. Parallel networking was also being done quietly with the centralintelligence and paramilitary agencies.
It is also for this reason that the PMO had stressed on need for inclusion of the 'unresolved boundary issue' and 'need for peace' as the central themes of PM Modi's discussions with President Xi.
"The message was loud and clear from the PMO with Modi referring to settlement of the boundary dispute during the meeting with Xi and again in his press Statement," a source said.
The Joint Statement issued thereafter pointed out that resolution of this protracted issue was a 'strategic objective' for both sides and that China will work to settle the border issue in a manner 'respectful and sensitive to each other's concerns' at the earliest. Within 72 hours, the Chinese troops had started moving back into their territory.
India has a geographical and therefore strategic advantage in Chumar. Indian Army has erected an observation post and is building a bunker in the area. The observation post enables the Indian troopers to keep a watch deep inside the Chinese territory. PLA wants to thwart this move and therefore has been trying to builda road in the area by encroaching into the Indian Territory with the objective of seizing the strategic advantage that India has.
India's timely action has denied this advantage to the Chinese side, with PLA troops pulling out from the R-30 position since the 23rd September, and Indian Army and ITBP troops remaining deployed in the Chumar sector at locations logistically better. Equally important,is the fact, that whatever outcome has been achievedreflects a rare newfound degree of maturity, of the political leaderships, in India as well as in China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Temple cleaned after visit  reiterates Bihar CM; party contradicts himComments
Bihar Chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Monday reiterated his stunning, if disputed, claim that he was treated as an ‘untouchable’ even after he assumed the high office he holds.
Manjhi had said a temple in Madhubani (north Bihar) he visited (on August 18) in the run up to the August 21 Bihar assembly bypolls, “was cleaned and the idol washed”, after he left the place, as he was a dalit.
“I did not see this happen. But I was informed of this happening later by Ramlakhan Ram Raman (mines and geology minister and a fellow dalit)”, the chief minister had said on Sunday at a gathering.
Raman denied saying anything of the kind to Manjhi. “My name has been wrongly dragged into the matter”, Raman, told reporters seeking confirmation of the alleged incident.
But the chief minister held his ground. “Raman narrated the temple washing incident twice. I don’t know why he is denying it now”, Manjhi told reporters. “Even (former MP and RJD leader) Devendra Prasad Yadav told me the incident happened”, he added.
As such, the chief minister said, he had directed the Darbhanga divisional commissioner and zonal inspector general of police to investigate the matter and submit a report about the incident.
Bihar JD (U) president Bashistha Narayan Singh condemned the incident and said the ruling party was inquiring into the matter at its own level. “Those found guilty will be punished but let’s not drag this matter”, he said, apparently embarrassed by the turn of events.
The BJP, Bihar’s principal opposition party, said the chief minister’s claim he was treated as an untouchable was an attempt to assert his dalit identity to counter the widespread impression he was a stopgap chief minister.
“Manjhi is pitching for dalit consolidation of the kind seen in Uttar Pradesh, under the leadership of BSP leader Mayawati. He is looking to create a separate dalit constituency Bihar has never had”, said Bihar BJP chief Mangal Pandey.
He claimed Manjhi was upset about the impression that he was selected to be chief minister because his party, the JD (U), had suffered a stunning defeat in the Lok Sabha poll and wanted a dalit face at the helm but only till the assembly poll next year.
Interestingly, Manjhi himself said so at a function organised in the memory of late Bhola Paswan Shastri, Bihar’s first dalit chief minister. Manjhi is the third dalit leader to hold the high post, JD (U) leader Ram Sunder Das being the second.
“I am chief minister for only next 10 months”, Manjhi said, indicating he would have to make way for a successor at the time of the next Bihar assembly election, due in October 2015, or immediately after it.
Manjhi, who took charge in May after the then chief minister Nitish Kumar put in his paper after his party’s ‘two seats out of Bihar’s 40’ Lok Sabha poll show, left none in doubt he saw dalit unity as the way forward for himself.
“If all dalits come together, Bihar can have a dalit chief minister even after the assembly poll”, he told the gathering.
Manjhi also said people who came to him for some work felt no qualms about falling at his feet . “This is the world we live in”, he stated.
Interestingly, leaders of the chief minister’s own party remained emphatic in denying that the temple incident in reference had taken place.
“No such incident took place. The CM has been wrongly informed. I can vouch for the fact that the people were very respectful towards him and happy he visited the temple”, said JD (U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh, who is from Madhubani and had hosted the CM.
Recalling Manjhi’s election campaign trip in August, Singh said the chief minister had lunch at his (Singh’s) Jhanjharpur residence and stopped at the Parmeshwari temple at Rudrapur on the request of the locals.
“I was present there during and after the CM’s temple visit and there was absolutely no question of the idol being washed or the temple premises being cleaned”, the JD (U) MLC told HT.
Even rural development minister Nitish Mishra, who was also present when Manjhi’s temple visit took place, said the chief minister had been wrongly informed about his temple visit aftermath.
“The idol at the Parmeshwari temple is made of clay. If it is washed, the idol of the deity will disintegrate”, Mishra stated.
Bihar has some history of dalits being debarred from visiting temples. For instance, a dalit woman was allegedly beaten up in July 2012 after she entered a temple in north Bihar’s Begusarai district.
On the flip side, Chandeshwar Paswan, a Sanskrit scholar, was appointed Bihar’s first Dalit priest of the famous Vishwanath Mahadev Mandir at Hajipur in May 2006.
In 2007, the Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts (BSBRT) appointed another Dalit, Jamuna Das, as a priest in the Shiva temple at Bihta on January 14, the Makarsankranti Day.
Phalhari Suryavanshi Das, a Dalit scholar, from Ravi Das temple in Ayodhya was appointed as a priest at ‘Mahavir sthan’, Patna’s most famous Hanuman temple, near the Patna junction railway station.
Yet another Dalit from Mushahar community (lowest strata of the society) Janardan Manjhi, was appointed priest of the 300-year- at Hajipur.
In 2007, the Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts (BSBRT) appointed another Dalit, Jamuna Das, as a priest in the Shiva temple at Bihta on January 14, the Makarsankranti Day.
Phalhari Suryavanshi Das, a Dalit scholar, from Ravi Das temple in Ayodhya was appointed as a priest at ‘Mahavir sthan’, Patna’s most famous Hanuman temple, near the Patna junction railway station.
Yet another Dalit from Mushahar community (lowest strata of the society) Janardan Manjhi, was appointed priest of the 300-year-old Ram Janaki temple at Paliganj in June 2007.

Stocks slip after dollar hits 4-year highHong Kong protests keep stocks in check
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84f3b08a-4783-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street this week: Inversions  tea and wineInversions, tea and wine on investors' minds
By: Matt Krantz September 29, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Cheers! Watching corporate profit may not be your cup of tea. But you’ll want to pay attention this week.
High tea at drugstore Walgreen Co. (WAG)? Consumers feared that. Some feared the company would move its HQ to Great Britain in an “inversion” to escape US taxes. Walgreen isn’t moving after all. But investors will pay attention to the company’s call this week. Listen for what Walgreen says about inversions, if anything. Earnings are expected to inch up 1.4%.
If you’re not drinking tea, a glass of wine might do. Wine and vodka king Constellation reports Thursday. This stock is of particular interest because it’s a favorite when investors worry the economy might cool. Earnings are expected to jump 19%.
Missed Alibaba’s (BABA) massive IPO? Looking for another big deal? It’s a busy week for companies selling new stock. 12 IPOs are planned. Who knows if they’ll all get done. The biggest deal is Fairmount Santrol — a company that helps oil and gas companies get more out of the ground. First it plans to help get money out of your pocket. The company is looking to raise a billion bucks.
Also next week expect economic data on auto sales, job cuts and unemployment. So grab a cup or tea or wine. Cheerio!
16288885

JDU  INLD to go together in Haryana Assembly ElectionsSep 29, 2014 at 05:05pm IST
JDU, INLD to go together in Haryana Assembly Elections
8
0
New Delhi: Moving a step closer towards the unification of old 'Janata Parivar', Janata Dal United and Indian National Lok Dal on Monday decided to go together in Haryana Assembly elections.
"In an effort to unite the distintegrated Janata Dal Parivar, it has been decided by JDU and INLD to go together in the upcoming Assembly elections in Haryana. Both parties have good relations since the time of late Chaudhary Devi Lal and our endeavour is to reunite in the same way as was in the past in view of the present political situation in the country," JDU President Sharad Yadav said.
Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD), an NDA constituent, has aligned with INLD in Haryana and has nominated candidates from Kalianwali and Ambala City seats for the October 15 polls. Haryana Assembly has 90 seats.
The coming together of these parties coincides with similar efforts to bring on board splinter groups which are politically significant in other states.
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #jdu #inld
On September 5, JDU leaders had attended a 'Samman' rally organised by INLD to mark the 100th birth anniversary of former Deputy Prime Minister Chaudhary Devi Lal in Jind.
The JDU President and Shivpal Yadav, brother of Samajwadi Party Chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, were also present at the rally.
The move to bring JDU and INLD closer politically comes more than a week after Socialist Janata (Democratic) Party, headed former Union Minister M P Veerendra Kumar, announced his party's merger with JDU.
The JDU President had then said that it had been done in view of the "new emerging situation" before the country and that the beginning in this regard was made from Bihar where it joined hands with archrival Lalu Prasad's RJD.
The coming together of these parties coincides with similar efforts to bring on board splinter groups which are politically significant in other states.
The unity drive in the erstwhile Janata Parivar is coming at a time when the Narendra Modi juggernaut had dealt a crushing blow to JDU in Bihar with BJP-led combine winning 31 of 40 Lok Sabha seats in the state.
1

SC order on coal: Banks to ask RBI for recas...Financial Services Department
(The SC on September 25 cancelled…)
MUMBAI: Acknowledging that the Supreme Court order on mass cancellation of coal block licences may impact banks' asset quality, a top Finance Ministry official today said the lenders will approach RBI for restructuring such assets.
"Some impact may be there, and what exactly it will be is being assessed. The banks will be talking to RBI so that they are given some kind of flexibility in restructuring those accounts...efforts will be made to avoid these accounts from becoming NPAs," Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said here.
He was talking to reporters on the sidelines of the annual general meeting of Indo-American Chamber of Commerce .
The Financial Services Department , which oversees functioning of all the 27 state-run banks - who control nearly three-fourths of banking system - is also talking to the coal and power ministries to ensure that the fuel supply alternatives are put in place, he said.
On the affected sectors, Sandhu said banks have lent to power companies and steel plants which in turn have coal linkages with the cancelled coal mines.
Indian Banks Association , which represents bank managements, had discussed the matter at a meeting last week and hinted at seeking a "regulatory forbearance" in case there is impact on the asset quality from the affected accounts.
The Supreme Court on September 25 cancelled the allocation of 214 coal blocks made since 1993, impacting at least 11 corporate groups like JSW Steel and Hindalco .
Bankers point out that only 46 of these mines are operational and implications of the ruling will have to be studied.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors ropes in Pareek as head passenge...Tata Motors ropes in Mayank Pareek as head passenger vehicles
By ET Bureau | 30 Sep, 2014, 03.48AM IST
0
Share More
Pareek comes with over two decades of experience with Maruti Suzuki where his last role was as COO, wherein he was heading Marketing & Sales vertical.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Tata Motors on Monday said it has appointed Mayank Pareek , Maruti Suzuki's chief operating officer as its head of passenger cars business. Pareek will join on October 1 and will take over from Ranjit Yadav who will now head overseas sales for passenger and commercial vehicles at India's biggest auto maker by sales. Pareek has been designated as president, passenger vehicle business unit .
Pareek will also be a member of the Corporate Steering Committee. "His extensive experience in the passenger car market will play a significant role in harnessing Tata Motors growth potential to help position the company as one of the leading passenger car manufacturers in India," Tata Motors in a statement said.
Pareek comes in at a time when Tata Motors is struggling in its passenger car segment, with constantly declining sales and an absence of sufficient new products. In August, its sales fell 5% to 40,883 units on year. Tata Motors has been trying to offset an overall weak domestic performance with robust numbers on its UK-based luxury car unit Jaguar Land Rover.
Pareek comes with over two decades of experience with Maruti Suzuki. As the COO, he was heading the marketing and sales vertical that included dealer development, product development, used car business, outbound logistics, spare parts and accessories, after market services and international marketing and Sales. He was also member of the company's board.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Mahindra Holidays appoints Kavinder Singh as MD & CEOUpdated: September 29, 2014 17:25 IST
Mahindra Holidays appoints Kavinder Singh as MD & CEO
PTI
economy, business and finance
Mr. Singh brings 28 years of experience in the FMCG sector having worked with Asian Paints, ITC and Pidilite Industries.
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts on Monday appointed Kavinder Singh, a FMCG sector veteran, as Managing Director and Chief Executive effective November first week.
Mr. Singh brings 28 years of experience in the FMCG sector having worked with Asian Paints, ITC and Pidilite Industries.
At ITC, he was responsible for setting up and building its biscuits business.
Commenting on the appointment, Mahindra Holidays Chairman Arun Nanda said, “with his rich consumer experience, he will help take the company to its next phase of growth and create more magical moments for our 1,72,000 Club Mahindra members.”
The Mahindra Group firm is a leading player in the leisure hospitality industry and offers family holidays primarily through vacation ownership memberships. While Club Mahindra is the flagship brand, its other brands include Club Mahindra Fundays and Club Mahindra Travel.
As on June 30, it had over 1, 72,000 vacation ownership members. It operates 40 resorts in Isndia and abroad.

U.S. futures drop; protests rile Hong Kong stocksU.S. stock futures lower; protests rile Hong Kong stocks
By: Kim Hjelmgaard September 29, 2014 2:27 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
U.S. stock futures were lower in pre-market trading Monday as Hong Kong stocks saw steep declines — down around 2% — amid concerns over democracy rising protests
The protests drew a tough response from police who declared them “illegal” and used tear gas after pepper spray and warnings of greater force failed to disperse demonstrators trying to join a sit-in outside the government headquarters.
Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index fell 449.20 points to 23,229.21. Asian stock markets were mixed elsewhere as Japan’s Nikkei 225 index rose 0.5% to 16,310.64.
European shares were trading lower as Britain’s FTSE index slipped 0.2% and Germany’s DAX index dropped 0.5%.
The Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq were all off around 0.6% ahead of the bell.
Investors are hoping calm returns to the markets this week after last week’s volatile ride. Stocks rallied Friday   as traders reacted to news of the fastest economic growth since 2011 as the final reading on gross domestic product for the second quarter was revised up to 4.6% from the previous estimate of 4.2%.
Contributing: Calum MacLeod in Beijing.

Hong Kong Protests Weighing on Global MarketsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Tapan Singhel is President of Indo-German Chamber of CommerceTapan Singhel is President of Indo-German Chamber of Commerce
Our Bureau
Indo German Chamber of Commerce (IGCC) has a new President in Tapan Singhel.
Singhel, who is Managing Director & CEO of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance, was earlier Vice
President of IGCC in 2013-14.
IGCC provides business solutions to companies which are planning to do business with India or Germany.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

26/11 martyr Hemant Karkares wife Kavita Karkare dead26/11 martyr Hemant Karkare’s wife Kavita Karkare dead
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sep 29:  
Kavita Karkare, wife of the late Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad chief Hemant Karkare who was killed in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, died at a city hospital on Monday after suffering brain hemorrhage.
“Kavita Karkare has been declared brain dead on Monday morning,” a statement from P D Hinduja Hospital and Medical Research Centre, where she was undergoing treatment, said.
Kavita (57) was admitted to the hospital on Saturday after she suffered brain haemorrhage. Later she slipped into coma.
Her children - two daughters and a son - had consented to donate her organs to needy persons, the statement from the hospital said.
Kavita has been vocal about the security lapses that she feels facilitated the terror attack and contributed to the death of her husband in an ambush by terrorists in south Mumbai on the night of November 26, 2008.
She had also been demanding better weapons, training and facilities for police personnel after her husband’s killing.
Her husband was killed by terrorists near Mumbai’s Cama Hospital, along with Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte and senior police inspector Vijay Salaskar on the fateful night.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Banks seek RBI nod recast loans on SC s coal verdictBanks seek RBI nod to restructure assets on SC's coal verdict
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 18:42 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Acknowledging that the Supreme Court order on mass cancellation of coal block licences may impact banks' asset quality, a top Finance Ministry official on Monday said the lenders will approach the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for restructuring such assets.
"Some impact may be there, and what exactly it will be is being assessed. The banks will be talking to RBI so that they are given some kind of flexibility in restructuring those accounts... Efforts will be made to avoid these accounts from becoming NPAs," Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said in Mumbai, on the sidelines of the annual general meeting of the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce.
The Financial Services Department, which oversees functioning of all the 27 public sector banks - which control nearly three-fourths of banking system - is also talking to the coal and power ministries to ensure that the fuel supply alternatives are put in place, he said.
On the affected sectors, Sandhu said banks have lent to power companies and steel plants which in turn have coal linkages with the cancelled coal mines.
Indian Banks Association, which represents bank managements, had discussed the matter at a meeting last week and hinted at seeking a "regulatory forbearance" in case there is impact on the asset quality from the affected accounts.
The Supreme Court on September 25 cancelled the allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks made since 1993, impacting at least 11 corporate groups like JSW Steel and Hindalco.
Bankers point out that only 46 of these mines are operational and implications of the ruling will have to be studied.

Narendra Modis new policies for NRIs a welcome step  Indian diaspora will respond: Lord SwrajPaulPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:07 pm
Welcoming the series of steps for NRIs announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, industrialist Lord Swraj Paul on Monday said it was for the first time in three decades that the Indian diaspora is feeling that their contribution to the country has been recognised.
“I congratulate Mr Modi on his speech and all of us are grateful to him,” Paul said.
He said it was the first time in three decades that the NRI community is feeling that their contribution to India has been recognised and they have been made to feel full members of the Indian community.
He said that in 1983, a large part of the business and political establishment in India, supported by vested interests, derided the Non-Resident Indians as being not wanted.
“The NRI community now hope that these people will understand the opportunity that has been missed as to how much could have been contributed to the country in those years,” Paul said in a statement.
“I am sure the Indian diaspora will now respond to Mr Modi’s call as the NRIs feel very proud of being Indians,” he said.
What the Premier has called “small gestures” are actually  big step forward and “we are all proud of Mr Modi as Prime
Minister,” Paul, Chairman of Caparo Industries, said.
The Indian diaspora would like to see a strong, clean and healthy India, he said.
“The NRIs are committed to seeing India forge ahead as a strong nation and they are the best ambassadors for India,” he said.
“My heartfelt congratulations to Mr Modi on his  commitment, his vision and his passion to see India take its rightful place in the world. We will all pledge to work hard to make this a reality,” Paul said.
In his address to NRIs at the Madison Square Garden in New York, Modi, currently on a five-day visit to the US, announced the merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora.
He also said that PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.

Meghalaya flood toll 52  waters recede a week aftercalamityA damaged car after a landslide at Kharkhuta village in North Garo Hills district of Meghalaya. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Shillong | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 6:36 am
Flash floods and landslides claimed the lives of at least 52 person in Meghalaya as properties worth several crore of rupees were damaged, Deputy Chief Minister Roytre C Laloo said on Monday.
“Official figures have indicated that 52 persons lost their lives, mostly in the Garo Hills region, and properties including road, houses, livestock and agriculture worth about Rs 2,000 crore got damaged,” Laloo told PTI.
A semblance of normalcy emerged as rising flood waters receded in many places but the visible damage caused is extensive.
Laloo, also in charge of Revenue department, said the government is still awaiting a full report on the damage.
Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has already sought a Rs 2,000 crore relief aid from the Centre to help the state in the re-building process.
The extent of damage caused by floods in the plain belts of Garo Hills region is still unfolding as people who had left their marooned houses or were evacuated are now trying to get back to their homes to check the damage as water level is receding, district officials in North Garo Hills, the worst affected one, said.
Water level in the Brahmaputra and its tributary, the Jingiram, which submerged over 1,100 villages in 27 blocks in the state, receded to a large extent, they said.
Over 10,000 persons are believed to be taking shelter in the various relief camps set up by the state government.
In view of the extensive damage, commuting on certain district roads and supply of water and power continued to remain disrupted in many areas even as repair and maintenance work was on.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced Rs two lakh as ex-gratia payment to the next of kin of those killed in the natural calamity in the state and Rs 50,000 to those seriously injured.

Huawei launches flagship Honor 6 smartphone and Honor T1tabletRunning on Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS, the flagship Huawei Honor 6 runs on an octa-core HiSilicon Kirin 920 SoC processor with 3GB RAM.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 6:55 am
Huawei has exclusively partnered with online retailer flipkart.com to introduce its new Honor range of devices which includes two smartphones- Honor 6 and Honor Holly and two tablets- Honor X1 and Honor T1. The Honor 6 is the flagship smartphone of Huawei and is priced at Rs. 19,999. The new range of devices will be going on sale starting October 6 on Flipkart.
The Honor 6 runs on an octa-core HiSilicon Kirin 920 SoC processor with 3GB RAM and Mali T628 GPU. Running on Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS along with Huawei’s custom Emotion UI 2.3, the flagship smartphone features a 5-inch JDI full HD in -cell display at 445 ppi of pixel density. It supports LTE CAT6 and is 4G-ready with Band 3 support.
The flagship phone sports a 13 MP rear camera along with a 5 MP front camera and is powered by a 3100 mAh non-removable battery. It offers 16 GB on internal storage which can be further expanded up to 64 GB.
Along with the flagship Honor 6, Huawei also introduced its MediaPad Honor T1 tablet at a price of Rs. 9,999. Running on Android 4.3 Jelly Bean OS with Emotion UI, the tablet runs on a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 200 quad-core processor with 1 GB RAM.
The Honor T1 tablet allows 2G/3G calling and sports a 5 MP rear camera and a VGA front camera with 8 GB of internal storage which can be expanded up to 32 GB. Featuring an 8-inch HD IPS display, the device is powered by a 4,800 mAh battery.

UKG student locked up in kennel  police arrest school headmistressPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 9:44 pm
Police on Monday arrested the headmistress of a private English medium school following a complaint that a UKG student was locked up in a dog kennel for talking to friends. The dog was taken out of the pent, when the tiny tot was kept inside.
The alleged incident occurred at Jawahar English Medium School on the outskirts of the city on last Thursday. However, a complaint was filed on Monday. Police arrested school headmistress Sashikala of the school, which has been functioning in a shed within a premises of a house. The student’s class teacher Deepika, who locked up him in the kennel, is absconding.
However, school manager Raveendran Pillai said the case was fabricated and no such incident occurred. Certain vested groups were behind the complaint. The UKG boy was tutored to raise charges against the school, said Pillai.
Police said the headmistress was charged under IPC sections 317 (exposure and abandoning of a child by a person having care of it), 342 (wrongful confinement) and Juvenile Justice (care and protection of child) Act.
The victim’s parent Jomon said his son was locked up in the dog kennel from morning to evening. His elder daughter, studying  in an upper primary class at the same school, saw the boy languishing in the dog house when she went to use the urinal.
When the girl took up the matter with the headmistress, she, according to the complainant, threatened that a stick would be screwed down in her mouth if she informed the family about the incident.
The family said the kid was not given noon meal. The siblings, however, attended the school on Friday. The incident came to light after the girl student took up the matter with her relative, who, in turn, advised the parents to file a police complaint.
The education and the social welfare departments have launched separate probes.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan demanded that the victim’s class teacher and the headmistress should be booked under nonbailable offences for their inhumane act.

Modi pitches  Make in India  with top CEOs  to meet Obama for quiet dinnerComments
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs at a breakfast meeting with top US executives on Monday, saying the country was open-minded and ready for change.
Modi’s message to industry bigwigs in New York comes in the midst of his promises to make his country more attractive for doing business.
Addressing top executives, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, the PM spoke on the recent Supreme Court order cancelling more than 200 coal block allocations due to illegalities, a move that has added to an environment of policy uncertainty in India after the earlier scrapping of 2G telecom spectrums.
“(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward & clean up the past,” Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs tweeted, quoting the Prime Minister as saying.
Modi also discussed steps that can be taken to enhance India's business environment.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," another of Akbaruddin’s tweets, quoting the Prime Minister, said."
Read: Narendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
The country had also failed to pass key economic reform laws in the last few years of the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance government, a problem Modi promised to tackle after coming to power in an absolute majority.
"Infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs & enhances quality of life of our citizens," Modi told the CEOs.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Read: Modi moves to resurrect India lobby
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.

Anant Geete resigns from Modi cabinetComments
After dilly-dallying on the issue, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray announced that party leader and Union minister Anant Geete, who looks after the heavy industries portfolio, will resign from the post.
“After PM Narendra Modi comes back from the US, our minister Geete will be putting in his resignation,” said Uddhav while talking to the media on Monday.
He, however, avoided commenting on whether the two parties will split their partnership in about 12 municipal corporations like Mumbai, Thane, which they run together. “All those decisions are being discussed,” he said.
This comes a day after cousin and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray taunted Uddhav for not letting go of the Central ministry despite splitting with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Raj had said that is he were Uddhav, he would have split with the BJP a month ago, and given away power in all civic bodies, including the ministry at the Centre.
A senior Sena leader said Geete’s resignation means the Sena, which has 18 MPs, is withdrawing its support to the BJP government.
However, as the BJP is in a majority in the Centre, the Sena’s decision will not affect the government. However, all eyes are on what PM Modi will do after Geete gives his resignation, he said.
Last week, after they were unable to come to a decision during the seat-sharing talks, the BJP announced its decision to split with the Sena and go solo during the Assembly polls.
This snowballed into a split between the Congress-NCP, which means the state will witness a five-cornered contest.
Following this, there has been speculation on how the Sena will handle the alliance at the Centre and smaller corporations.
Now, the ball is in the BJP’s court. If it does break its alliance even at the Centre, then it will be viewed as a party that uses its partners and then hogs all political space.
In Goa, the Maharashtravadi Gomanatak Party lost its entire political space after forging an alliance with the BJP.
Another rumour doing the round is that the Thackeray cousins may come together to help each other in smaller civic bodies in case the BJP backs out.
For instance, in Mumbai corporation, the Sena has 75 seats and can replace the BJP, which has 31 corporators, with the MNS (28 corporators) to keep power. But for now, with Raj’s direct attacks on Uddhav, it seems the two are still fighting to reclaim their space and are not too keen on helping each other.

Rupee Ends Lower at 61.53 as Dollar Surges Against Asian CurrenciesYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Lower at 61.53 as Dollar Surges Against Asian Currencies
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 18:11 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee fell on Monday in a volatile session after an upward revision in US quarterly growth data raised concerns about earlier-than-expected interest rate hikes there, while caution also prevailed ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review.
The RBI is widely expected to keep interest rates on hold on Tuesday, with investors more focused on what tone it will adopt about future moves.
Although the apex bank's commitment to fight inflation has sparked a rally in Indian markets, traders also warn an excessively hawkish tone could also raise concerns that any fight to curb prices would come at the expense of economic growth.
"We do not expect any big announcements in the policy review tomorrow," said Vishweshwara M, assistant general manager, treasury, at Karnataka Bank in Mumbai.
"Having said that we expect the dollar-rupee to stabilise at these levels, with the next resistance around 61.60/70."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.53/54 per dollar compared with Friday's close of 61.14/15. It fell to 61.62 on Monday, matching the 1-1/2 month low hit on Friday.
The falls on Monday erased the rally in the previous session after Standard & Poor's raised its outlook on India's credit rating to 'stable' from 'negative'.
Emerging Asian currencies weakened on Monday after an estimate showed the US economy grew 4.6 per cent in its second quarter, faster than the initially estimated 4.2 per cent, raising fears of earlier-than-expected rate hikes.
Currencies were also hit by tensions in Hong Kong after clashes between pro-democracy supporters and police in one of the biggest political challenges for Beijing since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
Dollar demand from oil and other importers to meet month-end import commitments also pressured the rupee, dealers said.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.95, while the three-month was at 62.58.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

CPI-M to take action against members involved in ponzi scam3
0
Kolkata: CPI(M) state secretary Biman Bose on Monday said the party will take action if any functionary is proved guilty of being involved in the ponzi scheme scam.
"If any functionary of our party (CPI-M) is proved guilty of involvement in the chit fund scam he or she will not be spared, action will be taken against him," he said.
Bose, who was reacting to media reports that he had attended the wedding of the daughter of MPS group chairman Pramath Nath Manna, said from now onwards he would not attend such ceremonies or functions hosted by persons about whom he was not well aware of.
CPI(M) state secretary Biman Bose on Monday said the party will take action if any functionary is proved guilty of being involved in the ponzi scheme scam.
#ponzi scam #cpm #biman bose #pramath nath manna
"I knew Mr Manna as a person who used to run food processing units. So when he invited me for his daughter's marriage ceremony I attended the function. I was not aware of his chit fund business. From now onwards I won't be attending a marriage invitation of any such person whom I don't know properly, except my party workers with whom I work.
"If someone invites me for a wedding I generally attend it. I just have a cup of coffee or tea there," said Bose.
Bose also said that those who are 'trying' to put in the same bracket his attending the wedding with those reported incidents of politicians taking money from ponzi scheme companies are playing 'dirty politics'.
"My attending a wedding and a section of politicians taking money from chit fund companies or having special meetings with owners of such companies should not be equated," he added.
0

Ravi Shankar Prasad pulls up Post officials for unclean premisesSep 29, 2014 at 05:57pm IST
Ravi Shankar Prasad pulls up Post officials for unclean premises
13
1
New Delhi: After surprise checks at two post offices, Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Monday pulled up officials of the Department of Posts for not keeping their premises and work space clean.
"Despite instructions from Prime Minister's Office, your premises are not clean. Take it as my direction that I want all post offices across country to be clean," he told senior Do officials.
The Minister inspected work space at Gol Dak Khana and Lodhi Road post offices. Prasad inspected almirah and different rooms where he found dust on many files and racks.
Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad inspected work space at Gol Dak Khana and Lodhi Road post offices.
#ravi shankar prasad #tracking the modi government #post office #swachh bharat mission
He asked officials to keep the premises clean and make Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat Mission a success.
Member, Postal Board, Anjali Devasher said that DoP started cleanliness drive and complete status report will be handed over to the minister in a month. Senior officials at post offices said DoP had sought fund of about Rs 10 crore for civil work and cleanliness but it has been allocated only around Rs 3.5 crore which is too less.
"We have part time workers for cleaning work ... The structure of building are such that dust and dirt keep coming in to offices. We need funds to make buildings dust proof," an official said.
Ministry sources however said that Post Office staff have raised the issue of fund shortage only after minister's surprise visit.
Earlier in the day, Prasad ran cleanliness drive at Sanchar Bhawan where he found rubbish heaped at one place.
"I have announced that I will go to clean Patna Railway Station on October 2. Union ministers will also go on cleanliness drive. Even Prime Minister himself will got to clean Valmiki basti near Birla Mandir. When the Prime Minister and Ministers can do this, you should not feel ashamed of it," Prasad said at Sanchar Bhawan.
He cited the example of cleanliness in metro and all government offices should be cleaned in a similar fashion.
"Below this place is metro station, where there is no dirt. The Same people use it, the same is the government. I feel that while travelling in  metro people themselves feel ashamed that it is so clean and how can we dirty it," Prasad said.
The Minister appealed government officials to change in their mind. "You would have known that I am a strict minister. I work and expect work from you all as well. I will make surprise visit to your offices as well," Prasad said at Sanchar Bhawan.
6

Indians to see 10.8 pc salary hike in 2015: Towers Watson10
0
New Delhi: Employees in India are expected to see a 10.8 per cent salary hike in 2015, even as pay increases across Asia Pacific region are set to rise by an average 7 per cent in the coming year, says a report.
According to Towers Watson 2014-15 Asia-Pacific Salary Budget Planning Report, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Vietnam are set to lead the way with over 11 per cent overall salary increases while India is placed at the fourth position with an increase of 10.8 per cent.
The report added that though salary across the regions are set to rise, a corresponding rise in inflation would mean that pay increases in 'real terms' would be eroded significantly in the coming year.
In India all employees -- from production workers to executive directors -- are set to have higher pay raises than last year.
#india #salary #towers watson #salary hike
China is expected to see the highest salary increase -- 5.2 per cent in real terms in the region, followed by Pakistan (4.5 per cent), Bangladesh (4.3 per cent), Vietnam (4.1 per cent) and Sri Lanka (3.8 per cent).
India was ranked sixth with a corresponding real increase of 3.5 per cent.      "We foresee an increased economic growth in Asia Pacific in 2015 in light of a declining unemployment rate and rising GDP in the region," Towers Watson Data Services practice leader, Asia Pacific Sambhav Rakyan said.
"This, in turn, will lead to inflationary pressures that affect real salary increases. Indians will only see an effective salary increase that is one-third of the overall salary increase due to such pressures," Rakyan added.
The report further noted that in 8 out of the 10 sectors surveyed, the pay raises for Executive Directors and Senior Management in India are expected to be higher than or equal to 2014 with the professional services sector particularly standing out at 4.5 per cent.
In India all employees -- from production workers to executive directors -- are set to have higher pay raises than last year.
Sector wise analysis shows that the pharmaceutical sector across the region, including in India, will continue to have amongst the highest salary increases. Pharmaceutical sector in Vietnam would see a 12 per cent salary hike, followed by India (11.5 per cent) and China (8.9 per cent).
In India, the financial sector is likely to see 10 per cent salary hike in 2015 (same as last year), the hi-tech sector is set to see an increase of 10.7 per cent in 2015, up from 10.5 per cent the previous year.
Interestingly, all 20 surveyed countries would witness an increase in 'regular salary reviews' in 2015, the survey that included 2,900 sets of responses received from over 300 different companies across a range of industry sectors.      Moreover there has been a significant reduction in the number of companies that opted for a salary freeze or postponement in the previous year, the report said.
5

Meghalaya flood toll 52  waters recede a wk after calamitySep 29, 2014 at 05:43pm IST
Meghalaya flood toll 52, waters recede a wk after calamity
7
0
Shillong: Flash floods and landslides claimed the lives of at least 52 person in Meghalaya as properties worth several crore of rupees were damaged, Deputy Chief Minister Roytre C Laloo said on Monday.
"Official figures have indicated that 52 persons lost their lives, mostly in the Garo Hills region, and properties including road, houses, livestock and agriculture worth about Rs 2,000 crore got damaged," Laloo said.
A semblance of normalcy emerged as rising flood waters receded in many places but the visible damage caused is extensive. Laloo, also in charge of Revenue department, said the government is still awaiting a full report on the damage. Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has already sought a Rs 2,000 crore relief aid from the Centre to help the state in the re-building process.
A semblance of normalcy emerged as rising flood waters receded in many places but the visible damage caused is extensive.
#meghalaya #meghalaya floods #floods #meghalaya government
The extent of damage caused by floods in the plain belts of Garo Hills region is still unfolding as people who had left their marooned houses or were evacuated are now trying to get back to their homes to check the damage as water level is receding, district officials in North Garo Hills, the worst affected one, said.
Water level in the Brahmaputra and its tributary, the Jingiram, which submerged over 1,100 villages in 27 blocks in the state, receded to a large extent, they said.  Over 10,000 persons are believed to be taking shelter in the various relief camps set up by the state government.
In view of the extensive damage, commuting on certain district roads and supply of water and power continued to remain disrupted in many areas even as repair and maintenance work was on. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced Rs two lakh as ex-gratia payment to the next of kin of those killed in the natural calamity in the state and Rs 50,000 to those seriously injured.
3

US Consumer Spending Climbed Healthy 0.5 Percent in August  While Income up 0.3 PercentAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Hines to invest $250 m in Indian housing marketSep 29, 2014, 06.26 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Hines to invest $250 m in Indian housing market
Hines, which entered into the Indian real estate market in 2006, has completed construction of 3 commercial buildings, with 1.5 million sq ft of area, in Gurgaon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hines to invest $250 m in Indian housing market
Hines, which entered into the Indian real estate market in 2006, has completed construction of 3 commercial buildings, with 1.5 million sq ft of area, in Gurgaon.
Post your opinion here
 
US-based realty firm Hines today announced a tie-up with a global fund to invest USD 250 million (over Rs 1,500 crore) in various housing projects in India with an aim to tap the huge demand for mid-income homes.
Hines, which entered into the Indian real estate market in 2006, has completed construction of 3 commercial buildings, with 1.5 million sq ft of area, in Gurgaon.
Also Read: Sebi notifies norms for REIT, InvIT
Announcing its foray into the housing segment, Hines Country Head & Senior Managing Director Yash Gupta said: "We have formed a joint venture with an international finance company to invest in residential development in India with an initial capitalisation of USD 250 million".
He declined to name the global fund as well as the stakes of the two partners in the JV firm -- Hines India Residential. The JV would invest in form of an equity in the housing projects in Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune.
"We will partner with local developers and we are in discussion with major builders. We are looking at doing 3-5 projects over the next 2-3 years. We are targeting mid-income housing projects where there is maximum demand," he said.
The first housing project is likely to be announced in January-March quarter and investment in a single project could be in a range of Rs 300-500 crore, Gupta said.
"We can enter into any project at any stage but we would prefer to be in project from the very beginning," he said, adding that the company would ensure that project is being executed in a professional manner.
The JV firm would leverage local partners' Indian experience and Hines global know-how in designing and developing residential products.
Asked why the company is not developing housing projects on its own, Gupta said the firm will explore the possibility in future.
On leasing status of its commercial projects, he said the company has completed a commercial building in joint venture with India's largest realty firm DLF  in Gurgaon. Out of total one million sq ft area, about half has been leased out.
Hines is also developing another commercial project 'Skyview Corporate Park' in phases on a 21-acre site owned by Shyam Telecom.
In the first phase, Hines has completed 0.5 million sq ft, which is almost leased out. Another 1.5 million sq ft would come up in phases in this project, Gupta said.
Hines is a privately owned real estate firm involved in real estate investment, development and property management worldwide. Currently, Hines manages 391 properties totaling 161 million sq ft, which includes 89.1 million sq ft for third parties.
With offices in 115 cities in 18 countries, and controlled assets valued at approximately USD 28.2 billion, Hines is one of the largest real estate organisations in the world.
DLF stock price
On November 21, 2014, DLF closed at Rs 140.30, up Rs 1.70, or 1.23 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 242.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 100.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.29 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 42.64. The latest book value of the company is Rs 93.40 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.50.
RELATED NEWS

MCX signs new software services contract with FTILMCX signs software support and services deal with FTIL
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 19:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) on Monday said it has entered into a new agreement with Financial Technologies (FTIL) for availing software support and managed services till 2022.
The pact (a supplementary agreement), inked on mutually agreed terms, marks the continuation of technology partnership between the two companies, founded by entrepreneur Jignesh Shah , and comes as a shot in the arm for MCX as it seeks to launch fresh contracts.
In a filing to the BSE, the commodity bourse said the agreement was entered into with several changes.
As per the new agreement, MCX will pay FTIL a fixed charge of Rs 1.5 crore per month, including managed services payable in advance on semi-annual basis. Earlier, it was paying Rs 2 crore per month.
FTIL will also get a variable charge of 10.3 per cent of gross transaction fees as compared to 12.5 per cent earlier.
Last week, FTIL said it had signed a 10-year long technology contract with the commodity exchange (the new one is for 8 years), resulting in a negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
The Jignesh Shah-led company said, "Due to this supplementary agreement, and based on the current volume of MCX and assuming MCX daily volume remains same, the negative impact on the total income of the company would be around Rs 8.82 crore for the period of 2014-15."
In 2013-14, MCX paid about Rs 60 crore to FTIL for receiving technological support and services. The new pact will pave the way for the commodity bourse to launch new contracts for January to March period of 2015.
MCX is confident that it will be allowed to launch all its contracts for the year 2015 once the full divestment by FTIL of its stake in MCX takes place in compliance with sector regulator Forward Markets Commission 's (FMC) order.
On September 17, the commodity markets watchdog said the exchange can launch new contracts for first three months of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
FTIL had said that by entering into the new agreement, it has completed all formalities to close its sale of 15 per cent stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank.
FMC had said the exchange will be allowed to roll out contracts for entire 2015 once the full divestment of FTIL in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.

Buy NCDEX Jeera Oct; target of Rs 11100: EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy NCDEX Jeera Oct; target of Rs 11100: Emkay
Emkay has recommended to buy NCDEX Jeera October around Rs 10800-10750 with a stop loss of Rs 10650 for the target price of Rs 11100, in its research report dated September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Emkay's report on Jeera
NCDEX Jeera October prices traded down on higher stocks and good crop prospects in Rabi season. However, good export demand due to lower global stocks had restricted the fall. Indian exports grew because of low stocks in global markets and political unrest in Syria and supply crunch from Turkey. All-India Jeera output was pegged at 456,000 tn in 2013-14 (Oct-Sep) as against 394,000 tn last year. Upcoming festive demand is likely to provide the underlying support to prices and attract the buyers at lower levels. For the week, Jeera looks to trade with positive bias on expected rise in domestic and export demand due to festive demand but ample carryover stock amid record high output of this season may limit any major gains.
Technical:
Oct Jeera prices are showing positive momentum from lower levels. Prices can test 11000/11150 levels on the upside if the buying momentum continues. Prices have support for the week between 10650-10600 zones.
Recommendation: Buy NCDEX Jeera October around Rs 10800-10750 with a stop loss of Rs 10650 for the target price of Rs 11100.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BlackBerry prices Passport at Rs 49 990 in IndiaBlackBerry prices Passport at Rs 49 990 in India
Bearish investor sentiment may pin down Gold prices: BarclaysBearish investor sentiment may pin down Gold prices: Barclays
Sebi reviews norms dealing with investor protection fundSebi reviews norms dealing with investor protection fund
Shiv Sena MP Anant Geete to quit Modi CabinetShiv Sena MP Anant Geete to quit Modi Cabinet
Aarkstore - HSBC Bank Brasil S.A.- Banco Multiplo - Company Profile and SWOT AnalysisAarkstore - HSBC Bank Brasil S.A.- Banco Multiplo - Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
WDM witnesses trade worth Rs 3 466.06 crore on NSEWDM witnesses trade worth Rs 3 466.06 crore on NSE
Panneerselvam Is New Tamil Nadu Chief MinisterPanneerselvam Is New Tamil Nadu Chief Minister
Barack Obama admits underestimating Islamic State fighters as US presses air warBarack Obama admits underestimating Islamic State fighters as US presses air war
Rasoi announces resignation of directorRasoi announces resignation of director
M&M launches 110-cc scooter GustoSep 29, 2014, 06.52 PM IST  | Source: PTI
M&M launches 110-cc scooter Gusto
Gusto, priced Rs 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto's Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
M&M launches 110-cc scooter Gusto
Gusto, priced Rs 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto's Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
Post your opinion here
 
Mahindra & Mahindra  (M&M), which is yet to make a mark in the two-wheeler space, today launched a new 110-cc scooter 'Gusto' as the homegrown auto major seeks to challenge the supremacy of Japan's Honda in the domestic market.
Gusto, priced Rs 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto's Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
The scooter will be available in the western and northern markets of the country to begin with. 'Gusto' has been developed as a global scooter at the company's R&D facility in Pune. It is the first product developed independently by the company after it acquired Kinetic six years back.
"This is the company's first ground-up scooter developed entirely in-house. With the Gusto, we are committed to further consolidating our two-wheeler business," said M&M President (Automotive Division) Pawan Goenka at the launch. Highlighting its features, M&M Two-wheeler Division Head Rajesh Jejurikar claimed Gusto is the first scooter in India to have a height adjustable seat.
M&M stock price
On November 21, 2014, Mahindra and Mahindra closed at Rs 1246.50, up Rs 14.65, or 1.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1421.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 847.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 58.92 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 270.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.61.
RELATED NEWS

Buy JSW Steel; target of Rs 1450: Kotak SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy JSW Steel; target of Rs 1450: Kotak Securities
Kotak Securities is bullish on JSW Steel and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1450, in its research report.
Post your opinion here
Kotak Securities' report on JSW Steel
"JSW Steel reported consolidated EBITDA of Rs 26.1 bn (+39% yoy, +3% qoq), 8% ahead of our estimates. The EBITDA beat was despite lower steel deliveries of 2.88 mn tons (-7.1% qoq); steel deliveries declined due to lower crude steel production of 3.1 mn tons (-2% qoq) and a desired product restocking. JSTL’s EBITDA/ton increased 6% qoq to Rs 8,545 (+25% yoy) for the standalone entity. Margins improved on the back of lower raw material costs led by (1) US$15/ton qoq decline in coking coal costs from decline in international prices. JSTL expects price drop to further flow through in 2QFY15, (2) cost benefit from commencement of production from the pellet plant and coke oven battery at Dolvi and (3) higher sale of value-added steel products. JSTL value-added sales increased to 29% in 1QFY15 from 25% in 1QFY14. Blended steel realizations were flat qoq. Consolidated net profit increased 36% qoq to Rs 6.6 bn (+58% yoy) on higher EBITDA."
"JSW Steel reported consolidated EBITDA of Rs 26.1 bn (+39% yoy, +3% qoq), 8% ahead of our estimates. The beat was led by improvement in margins from lower coking coal costs, cost efficiencies from new raw material projects and higher value-added products. Shipments were marginally weak in 1QFY15, but the company maintained guidance and expects improvement in quarterly volumes. We raise our EBIDTA estimate by 1-4% for FY2015-17E. Maintain BUY rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1450. Valuations are attractive—medium-term volume growth will help further", says Kotak Securities research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

JPA s debt reduction plan comes under cloudJPA's debt reduction plan comes under cloud
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 06:16 PM IST
Two potential buyers have walked away from buying the hydro power assets of Jaiprakash Power Ventures, in a short span of three months. With Reliance Power cancelling the Rs 12,300-crore deal, Jaiprakash Associates' plan to reduce debt may be at risk. Even though the JP Group has maintained that the deal was called off due to commercial aspects and not over regulatory uncertainties, RPower has cited regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues as a reason.
Analysts claim that the company had clearance for 1,000 MW (250 MW x 4) for the Kharcham Wangtoo project but exceeded this limit and the unauthorised increase in capacity can put a question mark on the entire project. Edelweiss Securities believes the deal cancellation is a significant negative for JPA, given its high debt of Rs 70,400 crore as at FY14 end. The Kharcham Wangtoo project is the biggest asset and contributes Rs 300-400 crore to the bottom line.
There is a perception that the deal with RPower got called off because there was an issue with the Vishnuprayag asset, which remained shut for most of FY14. Though it is operational now, the buyers could have had issues with the valuation of the asset. Now, JP Group has put two hydro projects and one coal project on the block -- Baspa, Kharcham and Bina -- which are expected to earn Rs 600 crore of profit collectively. If the total deal value is Rs 12,500 crore, then analysts believe that it is the best JPA can get, as Bina has a 500 MW plant with power purchase agreement in place for 350 MW and the balance remaining open. There is a coal linkage for 350 MW for which the PPAs are in place.
Rahul Modi of Antique Stock Broking is of the opinion that the deal at current valuation is positive for JSW as it does not appear to be expensive and will add good quality assets to its portfolio. However, there is no clarity on how much JP Group will get as there is a project debt of Rs 6,500 crore and another Rs 1,600 crore is securitised debt. Analysts are not sure how this will be treated while valuing the assets. The cash on the books and FY15 cash flows will add up to Rs 3,400 crore.
At a time when Jaiprakash Associates is staring at losing its captive coal mines after the Supreme Court's ruling, the deal cancellation only adds to the uncertainty. The group currently has a non-binding agreement with JSW for the power assets. Goldman Sachs expects viability and profitability of JPA's cement and power business to be impacted by the apex court's ruling. The brokerage does not rule out the possibility of losing fuel supply for its power plant. In case this happens (Goldman Sachs assigns 25 per cent probability to this), the existing investments may be eroded.
 

Odisha asks NTPC  PGCIL to float tenders for RGGVYOdisha asks NTPC, PGCIL to float tenders for RGGVY
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 29, 2014 08:28 PM IST
The Odisha government has urged central PSUs — NTPC Ltd and Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd (PGCIL) to go ahead with the task of floating tenders for implementation of projects under the Rajeev Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY) in the 12th Plan period (2012-17).
The state government has also clarified its position on agency charges for implementing the projects.
“The government after careful consideration has been pleased to allow the agency charges at nine per cent of the project cost for implementation of RGGVY 12th Plan projects in Odisha over and above the permissible limit of five per cent of its own resources. I am therefore to request you to go ahead with the floating of tenders as early as possible for implementation of RGGVY 12th Plan projects”, Premanidhi Seth, additional secretary (energy), Odisha said in a letter to chairman cum managing directors of NTPC and PGCIL.
Under the 12th Plan, only those villages and habitations having population of 100 and above are eligible to be covered.
The guidelines issued by the government of India state that a village is contemplated as a sum of habitations wherein the main village is considered as the main habitation of the village. The habitations already covered under RGGVY will not be eligible for funding under the 12th Plan. However, for the left out BPL (below poverty line) households in the already covered villages and habitations, it is proposed to provide capital subsidy at the rate of Rs 3,000 per connection.
According to the guidelines, the projects would provide for access to electricity to the rural households in the project area within the stipulated time frame of two years from the date of award of projects.
To ensure smooth implementation of projects under RGGVY, the Odisha government has constituted a 16-member standing committee headed by the chief secretary.
The committee’s mandate is to recommend the detailed project reports (DPRs) and monitor RGGVY implementation during the 12th Plan period. Apart from top officials of other departments like home, finance, revenue & disaster management, energy, rural development, forest & environment and panchayati raj, the panel has representatives from the four distribution utilities operating in the state and also Central PSUs like Rural Electrification Corporation (REC).

Food or Fuel The Rail Car Shortage Conundrumfood or fuel the rail car shortage conundrum
Tips to trim your mobile  TV  internet billsTeena Jain Kaushal      Follow @MoneyTeena    Edition: September 2014
If you save Rs 1,000 every month, you will have an extra Rs 3.5 lakh in 15 years if we assume an annual interest rate of 8% (Photo: Reuters)
I do not make international calls, use my phone on roaming or download anything. Then why is my mobile bill so high?" You must have heard other people say this, or said it yourself, many times.
What do you do when you get an unreasonably high bill? Usually, in a fit of rage, you threaten to change the service provider. Immediately, the provider places a promotional offer, as no one wants to lose a customer in this fiercely competitive market. For a while, you are happy. But this does not last and after a few months the bill starts going up again. You are angry but this time you decide to live with it.
This is a mistake. For if you add your digital bills-going by the saying that a penny saved is a penny earned-you will realise how much you can save if your are careful. Consider this. If you save Rs 1,000 every month, you will have an extra Rs 3.5 lakh in 15 years if we assume an annual interest rate of 8%.
 
But the question you must be asking is, how can I do this? It's easy. First, to control your mobile bill, or for that matter any bill, know your needs. How much data do you use? How is it charged? And, of course, how much of it is for free? Understanding your needs and choosing a plan accordingly can go a long way in reducing your bills.
Here are some tips on trimming your digital bills.
CUT YOUR MOBILE BILL
Update your plan
You may not be downloading heavy files, but if your internet connection is on 24/7 and you regularly check websites or read magazines and newspapers on your phone, you may be consuming more data than you think. You can reduce the bill by simply opting for the right plan. New-Delhi based Piyush, for instance, managed to cut his bill by almost half. His old plan used to offer free internet up to 300 mb and charged three paise per 10 kb after that. On a friend's advice, he switched to a plan that offered one gb at a flat rate of Rs 250. As his usage was more than 300 mb but less than one gb, this lowered the bill by almost 50%.
Piyush, says, "My mobile's 'data use' application showed that I was consuming much more than what my plan gave me at a flat rate. I called up the service provider's customer care number and asked for plans that offered more data at a flat rate. I halved my bill by understanding what I need.
Set mobile data limit
Many of us do not know about the various features that come with our smart phones. One such application enables you limit data consumption. It sends you alerts when you are close to exhausting the limit. When the limit is hit, it switches off the internet connection.
Stop paying for text messages
With so many free messenger services such as WhatsApp and Hike, make the best use of mobile data services. Moreover, keep a watch on promotional offers that come with these services. For example, Hike is giving you a chance to earn Rs 20 for each friend invited by you to join the service. So, you can earn talk time by making your friends join the service.
Make use of Wi-Fi
Switch from mobile data service to Wi-Fi wherever you get this option-be it your home, office, airport lounge or coffee shop. More important, try to download stuff or update your software while on Wi-Fi, whose charges are usually lower "

Biotech among biggest Nasdaq gainersWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

S&P revises outlook on 11 banks to stable from negative S&P revises outlook on 11 banks to stable from negative  
Our Bureau
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, among institutions whose rating outlook has been revised upwards
Mumbai, Sept 27:  
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services has revised the rating outlooks on 11 Indian banks and financial institutions to stable from negative. These banks include ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, State Bank of India, Bank of India, IDBI Bank Ltd, Indian Bank, Union Bank of India, IDFC and Kotak Mahindra Prime.
This is following an outlook revision on the sovereign credit rating on India (BBB-/Stable/A-3), the US-based rating agency said in a statement.
At the same time, the outlook is still negative on Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) and Syndicate Bank, reflecting a possible weakening in these banks' asset quality and capitalisation.
“Standard & Poor's does not rate Indian banks and financial institutions above the rating on the sovereign because of the direct and indirect influence that the sovereign in distress would have on a bank's operations, including its ability to service foreign currency obligations. In our view, the sovereign is able to influence these entities because: they are subject to Government policy and regulation; they invest a significant portion of their funds in Government securities; a high proportion of their revenue comes from domestic operations; and some of them are majority owned by the Government,” S&P said.
It added that it could downgrade Syndicate Bank if its asset quality deteriorates to below industry average levels or if the pre-diversification risk-adjusted capital (RAC) ratio falls below 5 per cent, which may happen if the bank grows aggressively and is unable to support growth with sufficient capital infusion. We could revise the outlook to stable if Syndicate can sustain its asset quality in line with industry levels. The ratings on Syndicate Bank continue to reflect the "very high" likelihood of Government support for the bank and the bank's average domestic business franchise and satisfactory funding and liquidity position. Syndicate's low earnings diversity and moderate capitalisation temper the ratings.
“In our view, IOB relies on large capital infusion on an ongoing basis to support its growth owing to its low retained earnings. We could downgrade IOB if the bank is unable to raise sufficient capital to support growth, such that its RAC ratio dips below 5 per cent. We could also lower the rating if IOB's asset quality continues to deteriorate. Conversely, we could revise the outlook to stable if the bank is able to raise sufficient capital to support future growth or stem the deterioration in its asset quality over the next 12 months. The ratings on IOB reflect a "very high" likelihood of Government support and the bank's average domestic business franchise and strong liquidity position. IOB's low retained earnings and weak asset quality temper the ratings,” it said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

There Is No  One Kind Of Brooklyn Artist   And Here s Whyreddit
At some point in recent history, the borough of Brooklyn transformed from Manhattan's affordable second fiddle to a creative capital in its own right. Like the city that never sleeps, Brooklyn's acquired its own artistic mythology as of late -- one rife with bohemian warehouses, communal studios, Dionysian nightlife, trendy coffee shops and their appropriate cult followings. But when you look beneath the hype, what does Brooklyn art actually look like today?
Deana Lawson, As Above, So Below, 2013
The Brooklyn Museum's upcoming group show "Crossing Brooklyn: Art from Bushwick, Bed-Stuy, and Beyond " features 35 artists and collectives living and working in the borough. The exhibition spans media including drawings, paintings, photographs, sculptures, installations, videos, and performances as well as subject matters encompassing memory, geography, community, nostalgia and politics.
The works on view capture a range of perspectives and practices as diverse as the stories from which they come. Deana Lawson's confrontational yet strangely personal photographs, channeling African portraits, transform strangers into something familiar, while Duke Riley's multimedia pigeon coops are reassembled from the remains of a rooftop where individuals spent eight months breeding and training homing pigeons to transport illicit cigars from Cuba to Florida. Nina Katchadourian's "Topiary" comes from an ongoing project made by the artist entirely on airplanes.
Despite Brooklyn's freshly amplified presence in the cultural conversation, "Crossing Brooklyn" aims to capture a multigenerational view of the geographical space, revealing Brooklyn was a cultural powerhouse long before its reputation caught up to it. We reached out to curators Eugenie Tsai and Rujeko Hockley to discuss the challenge of portraying Brooklyn in a single art show and how exactly they set about doing so.
Duke Riley, Pigeon Loft, 2012-13
Why a show about Brooklyn artists now?
Eugenie Tsai: We've always had a longterm commitment to showcasing the work of Brooklyn artists, recently with artists like Fred Tomaselli, Mickalene Thomas and Swoon. We also did a "Raw/Cooked" series of under the radar Brooklyn artists. Back in 1855, the first contemporary piece was purchased, by artist Asher B. Durand.
Rujeko Hockley: Durand was a contemporary living artist at that time. In the 1930s that became the Gallery of Living Artists, which in the 1980s became the Working in Brooklyn series. So this is really continuing something that's been around for a very long time.
How did you go about finding the artists?
RH: In June, the summer of 2013, we started doing studio visits, which were initially a selection of artists we were interested in, works we had seen, people that our colleagues and friends recommended. We started very organically and kept going from there, throughout the summer and into the fall. We ended up seeing more than a hundred artists.
Do you consider the exhibition a semi-cohesive portrait of Brooklyn -- or is it something else?
ET: We decided to take a particular take. It's not a comprehensive show -- it's impossible to do a comprehensive show. When we were making studio visits we found ourselves drawn to a particular kind of work, what we call an impulse, and that was artists whose work reached beyond the walls of the studio. Work that was expansive, not a kind of hermetic studio practice but a work that was engaged with the world. Now, there are many ways in which artists engage with the world, so we thought it might be nice to show a spectrum of possibilities. It doesn't pretend to be comprehensive, and it's a multigenerational show so it's not about the new, new, new or the young, young, young. It includes older Brooklyn and newer Brooklyn.
Cynthia Daignault, I love you more than one more day
Does the exhibition address any misconceptions about Brooklyn or Brooklyn art?
RH: I don't know if there are any misconceptions that we're addressing, but I think what really comes out is the breadth of Brooklyn, both literally in terms of geography -- how spread out across the borough they are in terms of their homes and studios -- but also the breadth of their output. There is a real spectrum of possibilities -- types of media, types of artists, types of interests. I guess the misconception that there would be one kind of Brooklyn artist.
Is there anything you can pinpoint as being fundamentally Brooklyn in comparison to Manhattan's artistic output, or is that too simplistic?
ET: Is there an essentialist Brooklyn art is like asking: is there essential women's art -- or an essential any kind of art. There is no essential Brooklyn-ness but Brooklyn happens to be a place where there is a lot of creative energy of all kinds. If anything, I think there is a spirit of experimentation and adventure. Artists know each other from all of these different connections. There are a lot of different creative people who live here and know each other, talk to each other, hang out with each other. But it's not about Brooklyn-ness.
RH: And that was true of Brooklyn for many years, even before the current vogue for all things Brooklyn. This is not a new phenomenon, per se. So many of the reasons artists came to Brooklyn was because it was affordable. It wasn't because Brooklyn offered something specific beyond studio space and the ability to do what you want to do. It's become a place of creativity because that was the set of conditions at one time.
ET: For quite some time, Brooklyn has been a kind of second best. You left Manhattan unwillingly to find affordable space in Brooklyn. And now Brooklyn has become an aspirational destination. It will be interesting to see how that affects artists and other producers of culture. The prices rise, people get priced out of where they are, where are they going to go? It's the issue of gentrification.
" Crossing Brooklyn " runs from October 3, 2014 until January 4, 2015 at the Brooklyn Museum in New York. A robust schedule of programming begins in conjunction with the exhibition, in an effort "to work with different entities outside of the museum to bring things into the gallery, to bring things outside of the gallery, to activate pieces that are in the gallery as objects," Hockley explained. See more work from the exhibition below.
Paul Ramirez Jonas, The Commons
Nobutaka Aozaki, Smiley Bag Portrait, 2011
The Linda Goode Bryant Experience, Project EATS, Moving Compost (Amboy Garden Farm, Brownsville, Brooklyn), 2013
Zachary Fabri, Untitled (Evidence), 2012
Brendan Fernandes, 1979
Gordon Hall, 'Read me that part a-gain, where I disin-herit everybody,' 2014
Nina Katchadourian, Topiary (from the Seat Assignment series), 2012
Marie Lorenz, Archipelago (mast view)
Shantell Martin, YOU ARE YOU - WHO ARE YOU, 2013
Lisa Sigal, Hinged Painting (Halleck Street, Brooklyn), 2013
More:

New Indian leader has message for U.S.India's new prime minister to corporate America: Come to India
By Pallavi Gogoi   @CNNMoney September 28, 2014: 9:28 PM ET
 
Modi in U.S. to promote 'Make in India'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Over 130 heads of countries visited New York this past week for the big United Nations meeting.
But none of the others got a rock star welcome from their communities like India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He packed Madison Square Garden for a sellout performance to 18,000 members of the Indian diaspora on Sunday.
"Join me in changing India's destiny," Modi told the uproarious crowd.
Modi's real mission begins Monday: Sell India hard to corporate America.
He starts the day with a breakfast meeting of top corporate leaders, including Google's ( GOOG ) Eric Schmidt, Citigroup's ( C ) Michael Corbat, Merck's ( MRK ) Kenneth Frazier, Caterpillar's ( CAT ) Doug Oberhelman, MasterCard's ( MA ) Ajay Banga and Pepsico's ( PEP ) Indra Nooyi.
Later in the day, another group is meeting him for one-on-one appointments. They include Goldman Sachs' ( GS ) Lloyd Blankfein, Boeing's ( BA ) James McNerney, IBM's ( IBM , Tech30 ) Ginni Rometty and General Electric's ( GE ) Jeff Immelt.
Then he flies to Washington to meet U.S. President Barack Obama.
After coming to power with a rousing mandate in May, Modi started his term by promising to fix India's government bureaucracy and roll out the red carpet to global businesses.
Just this past week, he launched something called the "Make in India" campaign, where he invited companies from all over the world to make their products in India. His mission: make India a manufacturing hub.
Investors have already shown excitement at the prospect of India's economic growth.
The benchmark Mumbai Sensex index has increased by 26% this year.
India's economy expanded at a 5.7% annual rate in the second three months of 2014, busting a long streak of unimpressive numbers.
It was the strongest quarterly growth in over two years and it also marked Modi's first 100 days in office.
First Published: September 28, 2014: 5:23 PM ET
Most Popular

HKMA acts to stabilise markets amid protestsHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt seeks pre-2011 info in black money chaseBlack money chase: FinMin seeks pre-2011 bank account info from Swiss authorities
SPS Pannu     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 10:36 IST
(Right to left) Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram and Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das in New Delhi
The Finance Ministry has taken up with the Swiss authorities the issue of providing information pertaining to the pre-2011 period on bank accounts held by the country's tax evaders in the Alpine nation as this is essential to uncover the black money trail.
Revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das told Mail Today, "We have sent the Swiss authorities an official communication and are following it up as part of the effort to persuade them to provide us pre-2011 details of these bank accounts."
The Swiss authorities have dug in their heels on the ground that the new tax treaty with the government came into effect in 2011 and hence they can provide information on secret bank accounts only after this date. While Switzerland has been claiming that it is ready to disclose information on these bank accounts, its use of 2011 as a cut-off date for the banking secrecy law has become a major hurdle in the government's efforts to unearth black money stashed abroad.
Since tax evaders have already moved out their money from Swiss banks in anticipation of the new tax treaty, any information that relates to the period after 2011 will not be of any help in recovering the black money. Switzerland has also refused to share information about black money in 700-odd accounts held by Indian nationals at HSBC's Swiss bank branches on the pretext that the information was being sought on the basis of stolen data.
Das said, "Persuasion is the only way we can get the Swiss authorities to share the information and we are continuing with the effort." He also disclosed that the government is in touch with the Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development on the issue.
Senior Indian Revenue Service officials are of the view that Switzerland is more forthcoming when it comes to requests from powerful countries such as the United States but it does not seem to treat India on the same footing.

NSE s India VIX index surges 7.3% on fears of foreign investor salesNSE's India VIX index heads for fourth day of gains, surges 7.3 per cent
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 19:47 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The India VIX Index of the National Stock exchange (NSE) surged 7.3 per cent, heading towards its fourth day of gains in five on fears of foreign investor sales.
The volatility gauge of NSE has risen nearly 20 per cent since September 22.
Foreign investors sold shares worth Rs 11.33 billion ($185.31 million) on Friday, as per data released the NSE.
According to Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL), overseas investors sold shares in each of the three sessions till Friday to a total of $337.9 million, which is their biggest selling streak since May.
Traders cited uncertainties, including the Supreme Court's cancellation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allotted since 1993, for the surge.
State elections in October were also seen weighing in on the index.
(Reuters)

Lenovo Looks to Expand After IBM AcquisitionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Lone Shiv Sena minister Anant Geete to quit Union CabinetLone Shiv Sena minister Anant Geete to quit Union Cabinet
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 02:40 PM IST
Anant Geete, Shiv Sena's lone member in the Union Cabinet, will resign, party chief Uddhav Thackeray said here today, four days after the split in the saffron alliance.
"After Prime Minister Narendra Modi returns from the US, Geete will go to him and submit his resignation," he said.
Sena sources said the party was also likely to quit NDA.
Uddhav's announcement followed estranged cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray riling him at a poll rally here yesterday for the Sena 'sticking to' power in Delhi despite breaking up with BJP.
Raj had said that Uddhav should immediately ask Geete to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to Shiv Sena.
Attacking BJP for ending its 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Sena, Raj had said that had party patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive he would have ended the association a month ago.
Sena, ruling NDA's second largest constituent with 18 Lok Sabha MPs, was upset over poor representation it got in the Modi government as well as Geete's heavy industries portfolio, which it considered light weight. Geete, a sixth-time MP from Raigad in Konkan, had taken charge of the ministry after a delay of several days.
In the NDA government in 1999 headed by Atal Behari Vajpayee, the Sena had three Cabinet Ministers despite having fewer MPs. In 2002, it even bagged the coveted post of Lok Sabha speaker for senior leader Manohar Joshi.

Protests raise questions over one country  two systemsFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Falling clean energy investment threatens UN climate goalsFalling clean energy investment threatens UN climate goals
By Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18d8db9c-7e10-11e3-b409-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FM Arun Jaitley in isolation ward  may skip US tripE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modis show of strength in New York will shape how he is treated by WashingtonModi’s show of strength in New York will shape how he is treated by Washington
Written by
T.P. Sreenivasan T.P. Sreenivasan is a former ambassador of India.
September 29, 2014
The word from Madison Square Garden would have reached Obama. (AP Photo/Jason DeCrow)
SHARE
T.P. Sreenivasan T.P. Sreenivasan is a former ambassador of India.
Obsession
Modinomics
September 29, 2014
The Indian Diaspora’s support for India is not automatic. They can be the severest critics of India on occasion, but they rarely hold back their support and solidarity when India does something right. So, the unprecedented rock-star reception accorded to Narendra Modi at Madison Square Garden (MSG) reflects the Indian American community’s genuine admiration and the expectation that he will transform India.
In the United States, the richest 1% of the population is believed to be decisive to the nation’s fortunes. Likewise, the 1% of the Indian American population—prosperous, with representation in critical sectors of the economy—has considerable influence. That explains why several senators and congressmen, including the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the equivalent body in the House and a governor were at hand to greet Modi.
The Indian community finances their election campaigns, provides them with professional services and keeps them informed of the good and bad news from India. The India Caucus in the Congress and the Friends of India in the Senate are the offshoots of the growing clout of the Indian Americans in US politics.
President Barack Obama cannot but take into account the tremendous enthusiasm of the significant 1% of his people for the new leader of the largest democracy when he sits across the table with Modi at the White House. The very purpose of the MSG extravaganza was exactly that.
Of course, Obama had anticipated the phenomenon when he appointed Nisha Biswal (assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs), Arun Kumar (assistant secretary for global markets, US department of commerce) and now Richard Verma (US Ambassador to India) to take care of crucial positions in the US administration.
The MSG event was more important for its symbolism and implications for the future, than for what was said or done there. But Modi could be trusted to say the right things at the right time. He harped basically on three themes—how the overseas Indians, particularly Indian Americans, have raised India’s standing and prestige abroad; the greatness of India, old and new; and his personal promise to meet the expectations by sheer dint of hard work.
As expected, Modi spoke eloquently about ‘Mangalayan’, the successful Mars mission. In Gujarat, an auto rikshaw ride costs Rs 10 per kilometer, but the journey to the Mars cost only Rs 7 per kilometer, he said, making an argument against the charge of extravagance voiced by some. Though the Mars mission was launched before Modi’s emergence, he took the full credit for it.
Modi also announced some consular concessions to overseas Indians, but not the dual citizenship, the long cherished dream of the Indian Americans. Many had expected him to go beyond the Person of Indian Origin (PIO) card and the Overseas Citizen of India (OCI) card that were put in place by previous governments. Perhaps, he has explored it and realized that dual citizenship was not feasible for various reasons, including constitutional constraints. But lifelong visa for PIO card holders is an improvement. His own visa issue appeared to be behind his comment that India was offering visa on arrival to those who are reluctant to give visas to Indians.
Modi was unconcerned about the fact that he was addressing essentially foreign nationals, who owe their allegiance to the US than to India. He also ignored the fact that many of them did not follow Hindi. In fact, former prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee had been challenged in 2000 when he spoke in Hindi at an Indian community function in Washington. When Vajpayee said that that he had spoken in Hindi even at the United Nations, he was told that the facility of simultaneous interpretation at the UN made the difference. At MSG, though, the mood was so exuberant that what he said was less important than the privilege of being with him.
Modi did not dwell at length on India-US relations, even though US policy makers were present, perhaps because he wanted to hold his horses till he reached Washington. But the word must have reached Obama loud and clear that Modi is viewed as a messiah of change in India and that partnership with him will benefit the US in meeting the global challenges of the future.
The euphoria of MSG will definitely reverberate in the White House and the man, who was once a persona non grata in the US, will be warmly received. Obama is sure to seek his counsel on Ukraine, ISIS, South China Sea and Afghanistan and look to resolve problems relating to the nuclear deal, defence cooperation and investment.
The moribund relations between the two countries may well be awakened by the songs, dances and speeches at the Madison Square Garden.
Follow T.P. on Twitter @sreeniv . We welcome your comments at  ideas@qz.com .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Theres a huge hidden downside to standing desks that no one told me aboutGwynn Guilford @sinoceros
September 29, 2014
It wasn’t fear of cancer, heart attacks, diabetes  or even  early death  that did it. The reason I switched to a standing desk was, simply, to find a reprieve from pain. Since I graduated from college, back pain and its cruel confederates—neck, shoulder, and hip pain—have been unshakable facts of life. I’m not talking about the odd lumbar throbbing after a late night at the office; low-grade agony was pretty much a given, flaring into something more blinding a few times a month. Workday, weekend, vacation—it didn’t really matter, nor did the number of treadmill miles or chaturangas I’d banked that month.
Then in May, I read about how a standing desk helped allay a blogger’s chronic back woe. I was sold. I set my iMac on top of a small table on my home desk and put in a request for a standing desk at work. Vindication was almost instant. Within a week, my back pain started receding; a month on, and I’d almost forgotten about it. Aside from a weird hip glitch in August, the back pain is still mostly gone.
But in its place came something new. Fetching a dropped pen one day, I noticed bulbs of pinkish flesh ballooning out over my shoes, which, when removed, revealed swelling wider in girth than my feet and lower legs. Cankles , in other words.
Tap image to zoom
My ankles these days.(Mia Mabanta)
For those who don’t know, this portmanteau of “calf” and “ankle” is a slur for shaming women  out of wearing capri pants and into surgery  if their ankles are any heftier than a ballerina’s. It’s a nasty term. But as a description of my new standing-desk malady, “cankles” was irresistibly apt. And it turned out I needed a casual, efficient term to field the questions that followed after propping my feet on a chair at after-work drinks, or to explain that, no, I didn’t need crutches for those sprains.
Going into this whole standing desk thing, I knew to expect foot pain. That’s why I splurged on squishy pads called “anti-fatigue mats.” Grotesquely distended ankles, though—nobody had mentioned that. I started wearing two sets of insoles while standing on two anti-fatigue mats. But by late afternoon each workday, there were my cankles, peeking out from my pants-cuffs.
A bit of googling, however, clarified that I’m not the only standing-desk convert to suffer sudden-onset cankles. And the medical explanation is really pretty obvious. Unsurprisingly, it’s a very common affliction  among nurses, waitresses, and anyone else who spends the whole day on their feet. “Blood pooling while standing is common if the legs aren’t periodically moving,” Dr. Todd Manini of the University of Florida told me, though he noted that neither the positive nor negative effects of standing desk use have been well researched.
They’re now a lot less swollen, thanks to a regimen that includes marching in place and leaning on stools. What keeps nagging me, though, is why I had never heard of this problem—and what else people don’t tell you about the standing-at-work craze.
I have a few ideas:
1. Switching from sitting all day to standing all day is a radical physical transition.
Tap image to zoom
My office standing desk.(Quartz)
The media barrage about sitting’s lethalness  makes it easy to assume that the sooner you ditch a chair, the healthier you’ll become. Not true.
The shift is a big enough deal that, when a law clerk friend got a standing desk, someone from her HR department coached her through her transition. And when you think about it, it makes a lot of sense. As Chris Blattman, a Columbia University professor whose blog post on standing desks inspired my conversion, observes, you spend most of the 24 hours in a day either at your desk or on your bed.
That’s a lot of time. I’d been propping myself against a few pieces of furniture in the exact same way for more than a decade. Yet I only spent about two weeks standing in the morning—at home—and sitting in the afternoon before I switched over completely. Suddenly standing most of the day was perhaps the biggest shakeup of that routine since I started working on a computer every day. In my rush to abandon sitting, that hadn’t occur to me, though—nor had the fact that when I gave my body so little time to adjust, things were liable to swell.
2. Many people at “standing desks” are actually using “sit-stand desks”—meaning they’re still spending plenty of time seated.
In an unscientific survey of friends, colleagues, colleagues’ friends, and online reviews, there was really only one consistent finding: almost everyone who’s talking about their “standing desk” is actually using what’s called a “sit-stand desk” (or, less often but more confusingly, a “stand-up desk”). And once I knew to look for it, I realized that almost every article with “standing desk” in the headline was actually talking about sit-stand desks.
The sit-stand distinction gets drowned out by all the pro-standing, anti-sitting mania. But it’s still a critical one.
These desks allow you to adjust the height of your computer, either electronically or manually. This feature is appealing because many people seem to like doing email or talking on the phone while standing, but struggle to write or do more focused tasks unless they’re sitting.
Of course, these preferences vary by person, occupation, and day, making it hard to generalize how much time the average sit-stand desk user is spending in a chair. But if one of the leading studies of sit-stand desk habits  is representative, people using sit-stand desks spend two hours a day, on average, standing in lieu of sitting. Not that much, in other words.
If these happy sit-standers were, like me, spending around 12 hours rooted in front of their computers, disrupted only by snacking and bathroom breaks, maybe more people would know about the cankle problem.
3. Certain workplace barriers make sit-stand desks way more common.
Standing desk models  like the one I have at work (see photo) are a heck of a lot cheaper than sit-stand desks (usually a couple hundred bucks versus $1,000 to $4,000 for a sit-stand desk ). So why are proper standing desk users in the minority?
When workplaces like Google, Facebook , Boeing, Intel, Apple , or GlaxoSmithKline  get a critical mass of requests, it makes sense to do an office-wide overhaul. They’ve got deep pockets and, in addition to slashing the bureaucracy of managing different desk requests, they’re probably ordering in enough bulk to command a big discount. Plus, if you’re going to pay for moving fees, you might as well invest in top-of-the-line product.
But it’s harder to request a $3,000 desk when everyone else in your office is content with sitting. Not only does it mean asking for an expensive perk, it’s also likely means disrupting the whole office infrastructure. And for HR, there’s also the precedent to consider. So great is the standing-desk mystique, once one person gets a desk, lots of other employees either want one too—which can get expensive fast—or resent the person who got the special treatment (the Wall Street Journal calls this “ standing desk envy “).
That’s less of a barrier if you’re high enough up in the company to justify a big expense budget and have your own office. I suspect that most people with the office clout to request a fancy new desk in the first place are able to justify the purchase of a sit-stand desk.
4. Many of the people singing the praises of standing desks are men—who can get away with comfy shoes at work more easily than women.
Men’s dress shoes aren’t known for being comfortable. But compared with women’s, at least men’s tend to be flatter and, often, cushier. This means that for women working in all but the most casual offices, looking professional means strolling through the workday on rigid, unforgiving soles —a recipe for cankle-causing blood-pooling. Unsurprisingly, shoe strategy came up quickly in nearly all of the conversations I had with female standing-desk converts. Those with standing-only desks have invested in office Crocs or other comfy footwear to don at their standing desks on days when it’s appropriate; the sit-stand crew said they avoided standing on days where they had to look spiffy. Perhaps those strategies are enough to promote blood flow. Anecdotally, the biggest take-up of standing desks is in Silicon Valley , where  less than a quarter  of the workers are women.
5. I assumed the general zeal for “standing desks” meant it was okay to stand all day. I was wrong.
“Your experience is not too surprising,” said Dr. Hidde van der Ploeg, an expert on occupational health at the VU University Medical Center in Amsterdam, when I asked him about my cankles. Though sitting too much is harmful, long periods of standing are not particularly healthy either. “[S]tanding all day is not the solution,” said van der Ploeg, “but finding a comfortable balance between sitting, standing and moving around.”
This was news to me. I’d assumed that all the people who love their standing desks spent most of their time actually, you know, standing. And they’re not. It might be better, on balance, to stand instead rather than sit all day (or it might not). But if you sit like a statue, it turns out, you’re going to stand like one too—creating a host of new health problems.
Dr. van der Ploeg’s assessment was also hard for a borderline workaholic to hear. I could blame my standing-related pain on not having a sit-stand desk (the sit-stand models colleagues have gotten aren’t sturdy enough to support an iMac). Or I could request a pricier model and see what happens. But the truth is I have cankles for the same reason I had back problems: I work too many hours.
To sit or stand?
Tap image to zoom
My jerry-built home standing desk.(Quartz)
The hunch that the so-called standing desk craze is really a sit-stand desk craze for Hush Puppie-wearers with superior work-life balance is a little discouraging. But cankles or none, I’m still resisting the chair. Here’s why:
I find standing makes me tackle tasks more deliberately, slicing up work into “armchair breaks” (reading, writing outlines) and really only rooting myself in front of my desk when I need to write and handle email (which is still most of my time, alas).
Somehow, standing has made me way more aware of my posture than ever before, even when sitting.
I’m more focused, largely because I’m less stymied by the urge to multitask or goof around on the internet.
I also find myself leaving the office earlier. My standing desk is just awkward enough that I never want to stand around killing time. Instead of noodling around with an idea for endless hours, I now find myself identifying the endpoint of tasks, approaching work the same way I might go to the ATM, or give a speech.
Even when the cankles made it hard to put shoes on, I never considered going back to sitting. Marveling at their bloat, the most that ever occurred to me was that if they looked that gross, it was probably time to go home. And that’s something that in 15 years of stabbing, throbbing, and assorted excruciation that came with sitting, had never crossed my mind.
Share this:

Encana Buying Athlon Energy for $5.93 BillionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

General Insurance Officers  Assn demands execution of new transfer policy for female staffGeneral Insurance Officers' Assn demands execution of new transfer policy for female staff
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, Sept 29:  
General Insurance Officers' all India Association (GIOAIA) has asked the four public sector general insurance companies, to implement the new transfer/posting policy regarding the female employees, immediately.
The Union Finance Ministry on September 23 had directed Chairman-cum-Directors of General Insurance Corporation of India, National Insurance Company Ltd, New India Assurance Co Ltd, Oriental Insurance Co Ltd, United India Insurance Co Ltd, and Agricultural Insurance Co Ltd, and Life Insurance Corporation of India, to frame a policy in the matter of posting of their female employees to alleviate the female employees' genuine hardships and develop a feeling of security.
P.P.Mohanan, General Secretary of GIOAIA, Kerala, said that new guidelines stipulate transfer or posting of a married female employee should be at a place or nearby place where her husband is
stationed. In the case of unmarried female employees, she is entitled to get a posting/transfer to a place where her parents are residing.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Jai Kishan appointed Novotel Kolkata Hotel GMJai Kishan appointed Novotel Kolkata Hotel GM
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 29:  
Jai Kishan has been appointed as the General Manager for Novotel Kolkata Hotel and Residences. Previously, he was the General Manager Operations at Novotel Hyderabad Convention Centre & Hyderabad International Convention Centre.
Kishan, according to a release issued by Novotel, has over 17 years of work experience in the hospitality industry.
Prior to joining the Accor Group, he was at The Oberoi Grand, Kolkata as the Executive Assistant Manager.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

PM Modi Has Breakfast with CEOs  Will Dine with ObamaYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Has Breakfast with CEOs, Will Dine with Obama
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 19:04 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
In his first engagement of the day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is meeting CEOs of 11 top US companies over breakfast. Among those present are Google's Eric Schmidt and PepsiCo's Indira Nooyi.
Among other business leaders at the table are David M. Rubenstein of the Carlyle Group, Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat, Doug Oberhelman of Caterpillar Inc, Michael Ball of US-based global pharmaceutical company Hospira Inc and Kenneth C. Frazier of Merck and Co. (Read: Why PM Modi is meeting global CEOs in US )
Breakfast will be followed by one-on-one meetings of 15 to 20 minutes each with six other CEOs - W. James (Jim) McNerney Jr, chairman of Boeing; Laurence D. Fink, CEO of American multinational investment management firm Black Rock; Ginni Rometty, president and CEO of IBM; Jeffrey R. Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric; Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs, and Henry Kravis, CEO of American private equity fund Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co (KKR).
At all these meetings, the Prime Minister is expected to hard sell India as the best investment destination in Asia. India needs huge investment to drive its manufacturing sector, which is the biggest job creator.
The new Modi government has vowed to increase the share of the manufacturing sector to 25 per cent of the GDP from 15 per cent currently. For this, the sector needs to grow at 10 per cent annually. Hours before he left for the US last week, Prime Minister Modi launched the ambitious "Make in India" campaign, where he promised red carpet treatment for investors minus the red tape that has come to be associated with doing business in India. (Read: US investors warm up to PM Modi, but want quick reforms, tax clarity )
On Sunday, at a packed Madison Square Garden in New York, the Prime Minister repeated that promise and vowed to repeal archaic laws and make investing easier in the country.
PM Modi has had a long experience of negotiating with top business leaders and as Gujarat's Chief Minister, he made the "Vibrant Gujarat" investors summit a successful brand.
Officials said he does not need anyone to help him with business talk and does it with great confidence and elan. On a trip to Japan last month too PM Modi engaged deeply in business talk - placing the needs of investment before CEOs clearly, promising all help, and getting firm answers, officials added.
The "Vibrant Gujarat" biennial event was launched in 2003. It has grown in the last 12 years to emerge as "a global business hub" and has established Gujarat as a major investment destination. Next year's summit, to be held in January, is being billed as the "Davos of the East".
(With agency inputs)
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 17:48 (IST)

Macy s Holiday Hiring up 3.6 PctAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Satya Nadella visits Microsoft s facility in HyderabadSep 29, 2014, 06.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Satya Nadella visits Microsoft's facility in Hyderabad
Nadella visited this morning the India Development Centre (IDC), the biggest campus outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US, and shared his vision for the company during his address, a Microsoft official said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Satya Nadella visits Microsoft's facility in Hyderabad
Nadella visited this morning the India Development Centre (IDC), the biggest campus outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US, and shared his vision for the company during his address, a Microsoft official said.
Post your opinion here
 
Software giant Microsoft's Chief Executive Satya Nadella today visited the company's office in Hyderabad and addressed employees.
Nadella visited this morning the India Development Centre (IDC), the biggest campus outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US, and shared his vision for the company during his address, a Microsoft official said.
There was, however, no official details of the visit. This is Nadella's first visit to the city after he assumed the top job at Microsoft. The Hyderabad-born Nadella reportedly met Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao here yesterday though no official communication was given to the media on the meeting by either side.
Nadella spoke to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu over phone yesterday, sources in the AP government said.
Naidu was away in Visakhapatnam today to inaugurate an IT and start-up incubation centre in the port city to give a push to IT in Andhra Pradesh post formation of separate Telangana.
Both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana governments are said to be keen on taking the help of Nadella for promotion of IT. Nadella, son of retired IAS officer B N Yungandhar, is an alumnus of Hyderabad Public School. The Microsoft CEO is scheduled to participate in a NASSCOM event this week in Delhi.
However, there was no immediate response to an email sent to a spokesperson of Microsoft for details of Nadella's visit to MSIDC.
RELATED NEWS

Vista Equity Partners to buy Vivek Ranadive s Tibco Software Inc for $4.3 billionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kishore Biyani Part II: Food KingBiyani dreams big in food business
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Kishore Biyani, pioneer of organised retail in the country, has put in place a plan to help him emerge a key producer and marketer of packaged foods and beverages.
Talking to Business Standard, the 53-year-old chief executive officer of the Rs 18,343-crore Future Group said he was targeting a turnover of Rs 20,000 crore from his food & beverage (F&B) business by 2020.
“This business has touched nearly Rs 1,000 crore in turnover. It has the potential to grow even further, which is why we have an ambitious target for it,” he said.
Future Consumer Enterprises, vehicle for Biyani’s fast moving consumer goods and F&B interests, closed 2013-14 with net sales at Rs 823 crore and a net loss of Rs 7 crore. Debt at the end of 2013-14 was Rs 110 crore and the business currently contributes 4.48 per cent to Future Group’s total revenue.
UNENDING APPETITE
Aggressive manufacturing and marketing in-house and external brands on the cards
 
Products will be taken across the country through convenience stores and general trade
 
Target is to increase turnover from the current Rs 1,000 crore to Rs 20,000 crore by 2020
 
To tie up with international players keen to launch their products in India
 
Three food parks, one each in Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal, are in the making
His foray into F&B was set in motion last week, when Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the 110-acre Tumkur food park, near Bangalore. Biyani has invested Rs 200 crore in the initial phase. Another Rs 750-800 crore will be invested in the next few years, he said.
The money will be used to set up a flour mill, rice mill, pasta plant, spice plant, paste factory and bakery unit. And will be used as a captive facility for the products Biyani proposes to manufacture and market on his own. Biyani already has eight in-house brands, including Tasty Treat, Premium Harvest and Fresh & Pure, operating in processed foods, branded commodities and dairy segments, respectively. The others — John Miller, Clean Mate, Care Mate, Ektaa and Sach — operate in the male grooming, home care, personal care, community foods and oral care segments, respectively.
Biyani proposes to take his in-house food brands aggressively across the country through a chain of convenience stores and through general trade. “We already have 200 convenience stores under KB’s Fair Price and Big Apple. This number will be increased as we go forward,” he said.
His group is believed to be in advanced discussions with South India-based supermarket chain Nilgiri for a possible acquisition, which he believes will strengthen his retail presence in the region.
Biyani is also planning to introduce external brands into the Indian market via tie-ups with international players.
The first move in that direction was Sunkist, a Californian beverage maker with whom Biyani entered into a long-term agreement in December 2013 to manufacture, market and sell its products in India. This will be launched in select markets in the next fortnight.
The food park in Karnataka, as well as two more at Kharagpur in West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh, will act as a manufacturing hub for these external products and in-house brands that Biyani will push as part of his F&B play. “We have acquired land in Kharagpur. Land acquisition in Madhya Pradesh will kick off after we finalise the location there, which will happen shortly,” he said.
The retail king is also eyeing joint ventures for his food parks with companies for specialised processing units in areas such as biscuits, chocolates and softdrinks. Once it is fully operational, the Tumkur food park alone will have 50 processing units.

J&K flood losses in excess of Rs one lakh crorePress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 29, 2014 7:00 pm
Jammu and Kashmir government Monday said the preliminary assessment of cumulative losses due to floods in the state was in excess of Rs 1,00,000 crore and expressed hope that the Centre will go out of its way to provide succour to the affected people.
“The losses due to floods including the (private) businesses is in excess of Rs one lakh crore,” state Chief Secretary Mohammad Iqbal Khandey told reporters here.
The Chief Secretary said the state government was in the process of preparing a detailed memorandum of losses due to floods which shall be submitted to the Centre by this weekend.
“We are in the process of preparing the memo.It will be approved by the Cabinet and should be sent to the Centre by the weekend,” he said.
“We are extremely optimistic that the Government of India will go out of its way to provide succour to the affected people,” Khandey said.
He said Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has written a letter to the Union Government, requesting a special package for the rehabilitation of the flood affected people of the state.
“We have requested Rs 5 lakh compensation for each fully damaged pucca house and Rs two lakh each for partially damaged pucca houses,” he said.
Giving details of the damages to various sectors, the Chief Secretary said more than 3.50 lakh structures – mostly residential houses – have been damaged in the floods, which were the worst in the state over the past 112 years.
“More than 83,000 ‘pucca’ houses have been fully damaged while 96,089 such houses have suffered partial damage.
Similarly, 21,162 ‘kucha’ houses have been fully damaged while 54,264 such houses have been partially damaged,” he added.
“The crop losses have been to the tune of Rs 5611 crore including Rs 1568 crore losses to the horticulture sector,” he said, adding 6.5 lakh hectares of land has been affected by the deluge.
“Over 10,000 milch animals and 33,000 sheep and got perished in the floods,” he said.
Khandey said Tourism infrastructure and government residential colonies have suffered losses to the tune of Rs 5,000 crore.
“These are all preliminary estimates. A detailed assessment is presently underway,” he said.
The Chief Secretary said 6,000 km of road length has been damaged while 3,000 water supply schemes were affected.
In the power sector, he said 3000 sub stations were damaged while in the Flood Control, 6000 ongoing works were affected.
“We have been able to temporarily restore some of the water supply schemes while electricity supply has been restored in over 90 per cent areas of the state,” he added.
Director General of Police K Rajendra Kumar, who was among several officers accompanying Khandey at the media briefing, said the department had suffered losses to buildings and equipment worth Rs 350 crores.
He said the police continued…

Despite breakup  BJP extends support to Shiv Sena candidate in VasaiComments
The BJP may have snapped ties with Shiv Sena, but it has decided to support the latter’s sitting MLA from Vasai, Vivek Pandit, on the ground of fighting “criminalisation of politics”.
In a letter to Pandit, BJP leader Vinod Tawde said his party’s official nominee Shekar Duri would withdraw from the constituency in Palghar district in support of Pandit.
According to the letter, Pandit had been fighting against goondaism and taking on anti-social elements in the Vasai-Virar region, an extended suburb of Mumbai.
“BJP is strictly against criminalisation of politics. We will not tolerate any kind of hooliganism in any region of our State. Therefore, we have decided to support Vivek Pandit so that anti-social activities can be stopped in the region,” the leader of Opposition in Council said on Monday.
As per the missive, in the past Pandit had taken part in an agitation launched by late BJP leader Gopinath Munde to get the region rid of criminal elements.
BJP said it firmly believes that people with clean image should be elected as legislators.
The letter nowhere mentions Shiv Sena by name and repeatedly refers to Pandit, whom it described as a “person who had been fighting an unending battle against goonda raj” in the region.
Last week, BJP ended its 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Sena after several rounds of failed talks on sharing of Assembly seats for the October 15 polls.

India is open-minded  wants change: Narendra Modi tells US CEOs over breakfast meetingPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York, US on Monday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:24 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 1:44 am
Moving the action from the rapturous outdoors to a boardroom in a hotel, Prime Minister   Narendra Modi   on Monday met 11 top chief executives of America Inc and promised them he would convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal blocks into an “opportunity to move forward and clean up the past”.
This reference to the recent court decision aims to address concern among foreign companies about choppy decision-making and sluggish reforms in India’s business sphere. Modi invited the CEOs to invest in India’s key sectors, including infrastructure.
 
Modi with GE’s Jeffrey Immelt in New York.
The Prime Minister’s message at the breakfast conclave seems to have been well-received, going by the early reactions from the CEOs. He first met the 11 CEOs as a group and later had individual interactions with six others.
Jeffrey R Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric, told The Indian Express that he was excited about his 20-minute meeting with Modi. “My interaction with him was outstanding. I am certainly looking forward to further investments in India as the climate for investments has switched to positive once again.’’
This thumbs-up for India was echoed by Andres R Gluski, CEO of AES, a global power corporation. “I thought the Indian Prime Minister has a very clear vision of what he wants India to be. He now has to return to India and urgently address issues which stand in the way of achieving those goals.’’
Narendra Modi and Sushma Swaraj with Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton in New York Monday. Source: PTI
One chief executive said it was heartening for them to see Modi look upon the recent coal allocation case as an opportunity for revamping the sector. The group of CEOs are said to have candidly listed the hurdles they had in the past while working on collaborations or taking forward specific industrial projects and investments in India.
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming it as “fatally flawed”. Modi’s observation comes against the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiment and overall business climate.
Besides coal, the slow licencing regime and problems in acquisition of land are understood to be other problems taken up at the discussions. According to Ajay Banga, President and CEO of Mastercard, the Prime Minister listened to all the areas of concern raised by the CEOs.
“Whether it was issues like private sector lending or taxation matters, the Prime Minister said he had heard all the issues raised by us and would respond to shortly,’’ Banga told The Indian Express after the meeting. “He (Narendra Modi) said ‘I get it’ and also that he will now return and get on with the task of addressing our concerns. This, in my view, is a very positive indication of the fact that he wants the investment climate in India to change drastically and change fast.’’
Besides these CEOs, others from top American Corporations like PepsiCo, Caterpillar, Google, Pincus and Citigroup were also present. Besides General Electric’s, CEOs of Boeing, IBM Corporation, Golden Sachs, KKR and BlackRock met Modi individually.
“India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not onesided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors,” the spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs, Syed Akbaruddin, tweeted quoting Modi at the meeting.

Narendra Modis new policies for NRIs a welcome step  Indian diaspora will respond: Lord Swraj PaulPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:07 pm
Welcoming the series of steps for NRIs announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, industrialist Lord Swraj Paul on Monday said it was for the first time in three decades that the Indian diaspora is feeling that their contribution to the country has been recognised.
“I congratulate Mr Modi on his speech and all of us are grateful to him,” Paul said.
He said it was the first time in three decades that the NRI community is feeling that their contribution to India has been recognised and they have been made to feel full members of the Indian community.
He said that in 1983, a large part of the business and political establishment in India, supported by vested interests, derided the Non-Resident Indians as being not wanted.
“The NRI community now hope that these people will understand the opportunity that has been missed as to how much could have been contributed to the country in those years,” Paul said in a statement.
“I am sure the Indian diaspora will now respond to Mr Modi’s call as the NRIs feel very proud of being Indians,” he said.
What the Premier has called “small gestures” are actually  big step forward and “we are all proud of Mr Modi as Prime
Minister,” Paul, Chairman of Caparo Industries, said.
The Indian diaspora would like to see a strong, clean and healthy India, he said.
“The NRIs are committed to seeing India forge ahead as a strong nation and they are the best ambassadors for India,” he said.
“My heartfelt congratulations to Mr Modi on his  commitment, his vision and his passion to see India take its rightful place in the world. We will all pledge to work hard to make this a reality,” Paul said.
In his address to NRIs at the Madison Square Garden in New York, Modi, currently on a five-day visit to the US, announced the merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora.
He also said that PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.

Hack the Hood: Preparing low-income youth for tech jobsHack the Hood: Preparing low-income youth for tech jobs
By Natalie Angley   @CNNMoney September 29, 2014: 9:20 AM ET
 
Low-income youth groomed for tech jobs
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Nhat Ho came to the United States when he was just a year old.
"My parents fought on the side of the United States during the Vietnam War, so they were imprisoned for eight years," Ho said. "I'm a product of two refugees who were prisoners of war that endured a lot of hardships to get me here."
But chasing the American dream wasn't easy.
"I grew up in a pretty bad neighborhood in deep east Oakland," he said. "During that time when we were living there in apartments, my mom was robbed with a gun to her head."
Ho turned to video games as an escape, and he taught himself how to write computer code in sixth grade. The youngest of six children, he watched his siblings struggle with low-paying jobs.
"All my brothers work two jobs, and all my sisters work all day from 9 to 7 at a nail salon," he said. "And I felt like that life isn't for me."
Related: 6 things you need to know about STEM
In high school, Ho was pressured to join a gang. But he used coding as an outlet for staying out of trouble.
"Growing up in East Oakland where there's gangs and drugs, it's hard to remove yourself totally from it," he said. "I didn't gang bang because I knew my parents brought me here for a reason. And that reason was to get an education and be a better person in life."
At 21, Ho is on that path. After taking classes at a community college, he joined Hack the Hood, a small nonprofit that teaches low-income youth ages 15 to 21 how to build websites for small businesses.
"We work with youth of color, folks who have historically been left out of the technological conversation," said Zakiya Harris, Hack the Hood's chief education officer. "What we're doing is allowing them to see how they can utilize technology as a tool and even build it as a career."
"When I first came to Hack the Hood, I was just lost," Ho said. "I didn't know what to do with life. I had the skills to code, but I didn't have an outlet to actually put my work out there."
Related: Ex-con launches startup aimed at inmates
During a six-week program, Ho designed several websites for small businesses, including one for Woody's Cafe and Laundromat, a family-run business that has been in Oakland for 25 years.
"The whole process was very seamless," said Vincent Lau of Woody's Cafe. "All we needed to do was hop on a phone call with Nhat for 5 or 10 minutes, and in about a week or so we had this amazing website."
By helping small businesses gain visibility online, Ho and other participants are building portfolios that could lead to future jobs in tech.
"They're really seeing how this can lend itself to a career without necessarily going to college," Harris said. "These are low-hanging fruit skills in technology that they can actually start using now and earning money."
The program also pairs youth with mentors in the tech industry.
"We get a lot of folks who work in Silicon Valley and who are working in tech to really pay it forward and give back by working with our young people," Harris said.
Since the organization started last summer, it's trained 45 youth to build more than 150 websites for small businesses. And it has already gained the attention of some tech giants.
Related: Why Atlanta is ripe for innovation
In June, Google awarded Hack the Hood a $500,000 grant after it placed in the top four of the Google Impact Challenge—a contest that gave $5 million to non-profits with innovative ideas to make the San Francisco Bay area stronger.
"Over the next two years, our goal is to train over 5,000 young people and build over 10,000 websites for local small businesses," Harris said.
The program has already made an impact on young people like Ho.
He enrolled at UC Davis this fall to study computer science. And he's the first in his family to go to college.
"When I graduate I'm planning on maybe starting a start-up company," he said. "My first real investment is gonna be buying my parents a house. And I feel like that's gonna make them really proud."
First Published: September 29, 2014: 9:20 AM ET
Most Popular

Inversions  tea and wine on investors  mindsInversions, tea and wine on investors' minds
By: Matt Krantz September 29, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Cheers! Watching corporate profit may not be your cup of tea. But you’ll want to pay attention this week.
High tea at drugstore Walgreen Co. (WAG)? Consumers feared that. Some feared the company would move its HQ to Great Britain in an “inversion” to escape US taxes. Walgreen isn’t moving after all. But investors will pay attention to the company’s call this week. Listen for what Walgreen says about inversions, if anything. Earnings are expected to inch up 1.4%.
If you’re not drinking tea, a glass of wine might do. Wine and vodka king Constellation reports Thursday. This stock is of particular interest because it’s a favorite when investors worry the economy might cool. Earnings are expected to jump 19%.
Missed Alibaba’s (BABA) massive IPO? Looking for another big deal? It’s a busy week for companies selling new stock. 12 IPOs are planned. Who knows if they’ll all get done. The biggest deal is Fairmount Santrol — a company that helps oil and gas companies get more out of the ground. First it plans to help get money out of your pocket. The company is looking to raise a billion bucks.
Also next week expect economic data on auto sales, job cuts and unemployment. So grab a cup or tea or wine. Cheerio!
16288885

MM launches 110-cc scooter GustoSep 29, 2014, 06.52 PM IST  | Source: PTI
M&M launches 110-cc scooter Gusto
Gusto, priced Rs 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto's Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
M&M launches 110-cc scooter Gusto
Gusto, priced Rs 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto's Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
Post your opinion here
 
Mahindra & Mahindra  (M&M), which is yet to make a mark in the two-wheeler space, today launched a new 110-cc scooter 'Gusto' as the homegrown auto major seeks to challenge the supremacy of Japan's Honda in the domestic market.
Gusto, priced Rs 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto's Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
The scooter will be available in the western and northern markets of the country to begin with. 'Gusto' has been developed as a global scooter at the company's R&D facility in Pune. It is the first product developed independently by the company after it acquired Kinetic six years back.
"This is the company's first ground-up scooter developed entirely in-house. With the Gusto, we are committed to further consolidating our two-wheeler business," said M&M President (Automotive Division) Pawan Goenka at the launch. Highlighting its features, M&M Two-wheeler Division Head Rajesh Jejurikar claimed Gusto is the first scooter in India to have a height adjustable seat.
M&M stock price
On November 21, 2014, Mahindra and Mahindra closed at Rs 1246.50, up Rs 14.65, or 1.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1421.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 847.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 58.92 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 270.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.61.
RELATED NEWS

India has to compete for capital flows: Pacific ParadigmLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India has to compete for capital flows: Pacific Paradigm
Punita Kumar Sinha of Pacific Paradigm Advisors does not think that India is alone in this momentum of positive growth.
Post your opinion here
 
Punita Kumar Sinha of Pacific Paradigm Advisors feels that though there is a sense of optimism about India, it has to compete for capital flows.
“I think people are very optimistic about India after the elections. Almost everybody I speak to is overweight India. Now the question is they are already overweight, so what happens now and where do they go from here. I think from hereon the one thing that comes out clearly is that India has to compete for capital flows because a lot of countries have seen very strong political change or positive political change,” she said.
Sinha does not think that India is alone in this momentum of positive growth. “So, what we need to see now is some actual signs of improvement and that is what will drive the next leg of capital flows,” she said.
RELATED NEWS

Panneerselvam sworn-in as TN CMSep 29, 2014, 06.59 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Panneerselvam sworn-in as TN CM
In a low-key ceremony without the usual pomp associated with it, 63-year-old OPS, the 'Mr Faithful' was sworn-in by Governor K Rosaiah in the shadow of a seemingly bleak future for Jayalalithaa who has been convicted and sentenced to four years in jail in a disproportionate assets case.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Panneerselvam sworn-in as TN CM
In a low-key ceremony without the usual pomp associated with it, 63-year-old OPS, the 'Mr Faithful' was sworn-in by Governor K Rosaiah in the shadow of a seemingly bleak future for Jayalalithaa who has been convicted and sentenced to four years in jail in a disproportionate assets case.
Post your opinion here
 
Overwhelmed by emotion and with tears in their eyes, O Panneerselvam, handpicked by J Jayalalithaa for his loyalty, today took oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu along with 30 other ministers who were equally grim at the swearing in ceremony.
In a low-key ceremony without the usual pomp associated with it, 63-year-old OPS, the 'Mr Faithful' was sworn-in by Governor K Rosaiah in the shadow of a seemingly bleak future for Jayalalithaa who has been convicted and sentenced to four years in jail in a disproportionate assets case.
Before the Governor administered the oath, Panneerselvam in a show of loyalty took out a small photograph of Jayalalithaa and placed it on the lectern while repeating the oath of office and secrecy and wiping tears from his eyes. He returns to the post for the second time since 2001 when he was chosen by Jayalalithaa to be the chief minister almost under similar circumstances when she was unseated by the Supreme Court.
Panneerselvam has retained all the ministers who served in the Jayalalithaa Cabinet and effected no change in their portfolios. According to a Raj Bhavan communique, the new chief minister has kept with himself Home and other key portfolios held by Jayalalithaa besides retaining Finance and PWD. Panneerselvam was elected Leader of the AIADMK Legislature Party yesterday after the sentencing of Jayalalithaa to four years imprisonment by a Bangalore Special Court on September 2
7, resulting in her automatic disqualification as an MLA under the Representation of Peoples Act. The 30 other Ministers who were sworn in next also wore a grim face, reflecting the atmosphere prevailing in the ruling party since Jayalalithaa's conviction and sentence, which bars her from contesting elections for ten years unless set aside by a higher court. Tears rolled down the faces of many ministers as they came to the podium to be administered the oath of office and secrecy. The mood in the durbar hall was anything but celebratory with no exchange of greetings, claps or smiles.
The protocol department of the state government and the Raj Bhavan Secretariat kept the oath taking ceremony under a strict veil of secrecy, probably under instructions from the new Chief Minister in view of the circumstances and the mood prevailing among the partymen, who continued to hold protests across the state condemning Jayalalithaa's conviction.
RELATED NEWS

The Rich Get Even Richer on Forbes 400 ListThe Rich Get Even Richer on Forbes 400 List
 
Morning Money Memo:
Bill Gates is the wealthiest person in America for the 21st straight year, says Forbes magazine. Gates is worth $81 billion, up $9 billion. According to the latest Forbes 400 rankings, the average net worth of each member is $5.7 billion, the highest to date, up from $5 billion last year. Warren Buffett is No. 2 on the list, at $67 billion, up $8.5 billion from last year. At No. 3, Larry Ellison is worth $50 billion, up $9 billion from last year. The combined wealth of the Forbes 400 is $2.29 trillion, compared with $2.02 trillion in 2013 and the highest ever, partly resulting from to the strength of the U.S. stock market. Net worth increased for 303 members, and decreased for 36 members. Cost of admission to the 2014 list is the highest ever at $1.55 billion, up from $1.3 billion a year ago. Twenty-seven newcomers made it into the ranks, including Jan Koum (No. 62) of WhatsApp at $7.6 billion, Russ Weiner (No. 249) of Rockstar Energy at $2.5 billion, Travis Kalanick (No. 190) of Uber Technologies at $3 billion and David Walentas (No. 368), a real estate developer who made his fortune by rebuilding the Dumbo area in Brooklyn, New York, at $1.7 billion. The biggest gainer is Mark Zuckerberg (No. 11), whose net worth grew $15 billion since last year. He is worth $34 billion. Twenty years ago, more than half of the Forbes 400 came via inherited wealth. This year, more than two-thirds are self-made.
Americans boosted spending in August, with about half the increase coming from auto sales. Income rose by a modest amount. The Commerce Department today says consumer spending rose 0.5 percent last month after showing no gain in July. It was the best result since spending also expanded 0.5 percent in June. Helped by strength in wages and salaries, income rose 0.3 percent in August. Consumer spending accounts for about 70 percent of economic activity, and the slowdown in July had raised concerns about whether the economy would retain the momentum it showed in the spring after a harsh winter.
A new survey finds banks are cashing in on fees even more than before. The survey released today by Bankrate.com finds the average fee for using an out-of-network ATM climbed 5 percent over the past year to a new high of $4.35 per transaction. The average fee for using an out-of-network ATM has jumped 23 percent over the past five years. Overdraft fees also surged, rising on average over the past 12 months to $32.74. That’s the 16th consecutive record high.
Billions of dollars are flying out the door at Pimco investments after the firm’s co-founder Bill Gross resigned, saying he would join rival Janus Capital. Before being pushed out by management at the California-based firm he co-founded, the man who has been called the “bond king” made a sudden exit. Pimco “suffered roughly $10 billion of withdrawals” after the Gross announcement, reports The Wall Street Journal. “Pimco is bracing for more outflows on the heels of the veteran investor’s departure after months of internal strife over his leadership,” the paper said. Pimco executives are said to have called their top clients, reassuring them that they have a first-class team of investment experts at the company.
The chairman of Lenovo Group says the company has received U.S. government approval to complete its acquisition of IBM’s low-end server business and plans to use it to grow faster outside its personal computer business. He says the IBM assets will add a “growth engine” to a growing array of businesses that include computers, mobile devices and services. Also this year, Lenovo bought the Motorola Mobility smartphone business from Google.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow

Cuba Says: No Eu de Revolutionarycuba says: no eu de revolutionary
PM Modi s meeting with top US business leaders a  major game changer : FICCIPM Modi s meeting with top US business leaders a  major game changer : FICCI
Tata Motors ropes in Pareek as head passenger vehiclesTata Motors ropes in Pareek as head passenger vehicles
Protests demanding democratic elections continue in Hong KongProtests demanding democratic elections continue in Hong Kong
Manjhi orders probe into purification of temple after visitManjhi orders probe into purification of temple after visit
India-Israel Ties:  Sky Is The LimitIndia-Israel Ties:  Sky Is The Limit
Srei Infrastructure launches Rs 250-cr NCD issueSep 29, 2014, 07.22 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Srei Infrastructure launches Rs 250-cr NCD issue
The bonds with tenure of two years will offer an annual coupon of 10.75 percent to institutional and non-institutional investors, while retail investors will get 11.25 percent
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Srei Infrastructure launches Rs 250-cr NCD issue
The bonds with tenure of two years will offer an annual coupon of 10.75 percent to institutional and non-institutional investors, while retail investors will get 11.25 percent
Post your opinion here
 
Srei Infrastructure Finance  today launched a Rs 250-crore domestic bond issue as part of its Rs 1,500-crore issuance later.
The bonds with tenure of two years will offer an annual coupon of 10.75 percent to institutional and non-institutional investors, while retail investors will get 11.25 percent, the infra financier said here.
The bonds maturing in three years will offer an annual coupon of 11 per cent to institutional and non-institutional investors and 11.50 per cent to retail investors. The 5-year bonds will yield 11.25 percent to institutional and non-institutional investors and 11.75 per cent to retail ones.
The company is offering a monthly coupon payment options for bonds maturing in 3 and 5 years. It said 75 percent of the net proceeds will be used for lending or repayment of loan and the balance will be utilized for general corporate purposes. The bonds, which opened for subscription today, will close on October 31.
The bonds, rated 'AA-' by Care and 'AA' by Brickwork, are lead managed by ICICI Securities, AK Capital, Edelweiss Financial Services, SPA Capital Advisors and Srei Capital Markets.
SREI Infra stock price
On November 21, 2014, SREI Infrastructure Finance closed at Rs 42.80, down Rs 0.4, or 0.93 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 57.55 and the 52-week low was Rs 19.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.18. The latest book value of the company is Rs 53.22 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.80.
RELATED NEWS

Despite intent  cos not geared to adopt new technologies  says IBM studyDespite intent, cos not geared to adopt new technologies, says IBM study
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Sep 29, 2014 06:42 PM IST
New technologies like cloud, social media, data analytics and mobility may have created a loud buzz among businesses, but several organisations globally are still far from being prepared to implement these and derive full benefits.
A study conducted by IBM Institute for Business Value (IBV) along with Oxford Economics has shown that only one-third of the of 750 participants believe that the information technology (IT) infrastructure in their organisations are prepared to address these new trends, and less than 10 per cent of these said they are "fully prepared", meaning they have clarity in terms of how to undertake the adoption of new technologies.
The study, titled The IT Infrastructure Conversation, included enterprises across geographies, including one-thirds in emerging markets like Asia. The survey covered companies between $500 million to over $10 billion in size.
"There is absolutely no ambiguity with enterprises now about their need to transform themselves. It is no longer a debate about whether these technologies are relevant to them or not. Every customer that we talk to today has it as the top of their priority as to how to undertake that journey. But despite all the right intent, the real issue, I think, is their readiness to take this journey," said Ajay Mittal, director-systems and technology group at IBM India and South Asia. "The mismatch between the need to implement these new technologies and the preparedness to do so is very significant."
While social, media, analytics and cloud (referred to as SMAC) are being looked at by companies across industry sectors, several experts have said that these cannot be implemented without each company understanding how it needs to be used. Additionally, in several cases, there is a need to modify traditional and legacy infrastructure to effectively use SMAC.
IBM's study also said that the increased interest in SMAC has led to a shift in the 'content, participants and tone' of the discussion for infrastructure contracts with clients.
"Today's conversations about IT infrastructure are changing. Specifically, the content is changing. Traditional issues of computing speed and reliability remain important. However, the continued advancements and integration of cloud technology, mobile devices, social media and business analytics are significantly reshaping the discussion," the survey said. "The participants in IT conversations are also changing. No longer is the discussion solely among IT architects and data center leaders. More and more, the business is taking a closer look at IT infrastructure - and whether it is able to keep up with a continuously changing and increasingly complex business environment."

How new US tax law will impact US investors in IndiaStory
US investors may have to disclose more
With the new Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) all financial institutions in India will be required to furnish information about US residents' financial accounts or investments to the US tax department.
Team Money Today        Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
If you are a US resident with investments/assets in India, get ready for tighter scrutiny by the authorities here, thanks to the US government's renewed focus on tax avoidance by its residents.
The US has enacted a law, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), which will soon start applying here. Under the law, all financial institutions (brokerages, mutual funds, insurance companies, banks and hedge funds) in India are required to furnish information about US residents' financial accounts or investments to the US tax department - the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
US taxpayers include US citizens, US residents (green card holders) and non-residents who own foreign financial accounts or other offshore assets.
In order to get the law implemented, the US government is signing Inter-Government Agreements (IGAs) with other countries. It is likely to sign one with India before December. After that, financial institutions in India will have to report the tax residency of their clients (both existing and new) to the Indian authorities, who in turn will forward the information to the US government.
THE PURPOSE
The aim of the new law is to curb tax evasion. A financial institution is required to get itself registered with the IRS and get a Global Intermediary Identification Number (GIIN). Indian financial institutions will have time till December 31 to get GIIN. They may be required to withhold tax at 30% from taxpayers who do not comply with the FATCA rules.
"The mandatory reporting will be a huge operational inconvenience. We have over 900,000 clients. We will have to go back to them and seek updated KYC (know-your-customer) details. This will take some doing," says Trivikram Kamath, CFO and head, operations and IT, Kotak Securities. He says more countries will follow suit. "This is just the tip of the iceberg," he says.
HOW DO INVESTORS GET IMPACTED?
Investors will have to give correct information about their tax residency and financial assets. This information will then be reported by financial institutions to the country's authorities.
While all new investors will have to comply with the rules, existing investors with less than $50,000 assets have been exempted.
In case of failure to comply with the new rules, the financial institution may withhold 30% tax on assets held by the investor with it. In some cases, fresh investment requests may be rejected or investors may be made to redeem their investments.
To lower the 'reporting' burden, a few financial institutions such as mutual funds have stopped accepting fresh investment from US residents.
Large fund houses like HDFC Mutual Fund and ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund bar US and Canada-based NRIs from investing in their schemes. For an existing investor who becomes a US or Canada resident, all facilities such as switch of schemes, dividend reinvestment, systematic investment plans, systematic transfers, etc, will be stopped and the investor will be made to sell out. However, such investors can invest in offshore funds launched by Indian asset management companies, or AMCs, in the US. Offshore funds usually replicate a successful fund back home.
"US norms require a fund scheme and asset manager to be registered with the SEC under their 1940 Act and conform to their provisions to be able to accept investments from US residents. Thus, we clearly mention in our communication that we cannot accept investments from US residents. However, US residents interested in taking part in the India story can do by investing in India funds or exchange-traded funds domiciled in the US. There are a handful of them in existence." says Karun Marwah, head of International Business, ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund.
But not all mutual funds have stopped taking investments from US-based NRIs. Many are ready to comply with FATCA.
Will other financial institutions follow suit and stop taking investments from US residents? So far, except for mutual funds, no other financial institutions have given any such indication.
"It (FATCA) will deter institutions from accepting investments (especially) from smaller investors," says Rakesh Nangia, managing partner, Nangia & Co.

Sebi notifies norms for listing REITs  InvITsSebi notifies norms for listing REITs, InvITs on bourses
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 19:11 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Friday notified norms for listing of Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) and Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvITs), which would help attract more funds in a transparent manner into realty and infrastructure sectors.
REITs and InvITs, the two business trust structures whose norms were approved by the capital market regulator in August, would get tax incentives.
For both trusts, the minimum initial offer size should be Rs 250 crore with a public float of at least 25 per cent, according to Sebi. While, the minimum asset base for these trusts to get listed is Rs 500 crore.
To ensure transparency, these trusts would be subject to stringent norms on disclosure as well as related party transactions.
In separate but similarly-worded regulations for the two trusts, the capital market regulator said that all related party transactions should be at "arms-length" in accordance with relevant accounting standards.
REITs and InvITs are required to make investments either directly or through Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs). In case of PPP projects, money can be put in only through SPVs.
In the case of REITs, the minimum public holding should be 25 per cent while the total number of outstanding units at all times as well as the number of unit holders - who are part of the public - should be 200.
Under both the IPO and follow-on public offer (FPO), the REIT shall not accept subscription of an amount less than two lakh rupees from an applicant, as per the norms.
Sebi has said that at least 80 per cent of the value of REIT assets should be invested in completed and rent generating properties.
REITs are barred from investing in vacant land or agricultural land or mortgages other than mortgage backed securities.
"Not less than seventy five per cent of the revenues of the REIT and the SPV, other than gains arising from disposal of properties, shall be, at all times, from rental, leasing and letting real estate assets or any other income incidental to the leasing of such assets," Sebi said.
At least two projects should be held by a REIT, either directly or through SPV. Out of that, only up to 60 per cent of the asset value can be invested in one project.
With regard to InvITs, Sebi said they should put in at least 80 per cent of the value of the assets in completed and revenue generating infrastructure assets should, among others, raise funds only through public issue of units.
In this case, minimum subscription from any investor in IPO and FPO would have to be Rs 10 lakh.
"The units proposed to be offered to the public not less than 25 per cent of the total of the outstanding units of the InvIT and the units being offered by way of the offer document," the market regulator added.
A investment manager of InvIT can apply for delisting if among others, there are no projects or assets remaining under the trust for more than six months and it does not propose to invest in any project in future.
For trusts, which propose to invest over ten per cent of its asset value in under construction projects, funds can be raised only through private placement to qualified institutional buyers and body corporates.
In such cases the trusts can raise a minimum investment of Rs 1 crore from any investor and "from not less than five and not more than one thousand investors".
In case of REITs and InvITs failing to get listed within three years from the date of getting registered with Sebi, they would have to surrender their registration certificates.
Both REITs and InvITs are expected to help in attracting billions of dollars into the country's real estate and infrastructure segments.
There can be a maximum of three sponsors for REIT and InvIT.
In the case of real estate investment trust, the collective net worth of sponsors should be at least Rs 100 crore and on individual basis, the same has been fixed at minimum level of Rs 20 crore.
A manager for REIT should have a minimum net worth of Rs 10 crore in case of a "body corporate or a company" while the net tangible assets of value should not less than Rs 10 crore where the manager is a LLP (Limited Liability Partnership).
The capital markets watchdog said that for InvITs, each sponsor should have a net worth of not less than Rs 100 crore if it is a body corporate or a company and the criteria would be the same for net tangible assets pertaining to LLP.
Among others, an investment manager for InvIT should have a net worth of at least Rs 10 crore and is required to have an "office in India from where the operations pertaining to the InvIT is proposed to be conducted".
While presenting the Union Budget for 2014-15, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said "I intend to provide necessary incentives for REITs which will have pass through for the purpose of taxation.
As an innovation, a modified REIT-type structure for infrastructure projects is also being announced as Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs), which would have a similar tax efficient pass through status, for PPP (public-private partnership)and other infrastructure projects".

Companies Rush to Secure Products Against  Bash Bugcompanies rush to secure products against  bash bug
Cops: Suspicious package at McDonald s was digital media playerHuff said McDonald's security workers called it in. 
“In an abundance of caution, the building has been evacuated,’’ the statement said.
Approximately 1,300 employees work in McDonald’s Plaza building." We will share more information as it becomes available," the statement read.
Police, along with the DuPage County bomb squad, were sent to the scene.
Huff was not able to say where the item was spotted or why staffers thought it was suspicious.
 

John Oliver Is Becoming One Of The Best Journalists On TVJohn Oliver Is Doing Some Really Good Investigative Journalism
 | By                                                                DAVID BAUDER
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — In poking fun at the Miss America pageant on the most recent episode of HBO's "Last Week Tonight," John Oliver reached for the comedic equivalent of low-hanging fruit. Then he veered into something wholly unexpected — investigative journalism.
His subsequent report questioning the pageant's scholarship program was the latest example of how Oliver has quickly moved beyond his roots at "The Daily Show" to produce something distinctive, and usually hilarious.
Oliver, who subbed for Jon Stewart as host of "The Daily Show" last summer and began his own HBO weekly show in April, often devotes about half of his 30 minutes to a single topic below the headlines. He's discussed gender pay inequality, anti-gay laws in Uganda, net neutrality and the politics of the World Cup.
Remember, this is a comedy show.
His 15-minute Miss America segment began with jokes about how dated a beauty pageant seems, and his incredulity at some of the questions contestants are asked. He took some shots at Donald Trump, who owns a competing pageant. Then he zeroed in on the Miss America organization's claim of making $45 million in scholarship money available to young women each year.
"Forty-five million," Oliver said. "That is an unbelievable amount of money. As in, I literally did not believe that."
His staff researched documents, finding a federal disclosure form that said the pageant spent $482,000 in scholarships in 2012. They researched tax forms on statewide pageants, finding several scholarship offers that couldn't possibly be awarded at the same time were added together to help reach the final figure. In other words, people shouldn't confuse money that may be available with money spent.
That's journalism, minus any apparent attempt to let pageant officials offer their side. The organization subsequently issued a statement not specifically addressing Oliver's charge that Miss America was being misleading, but said that "as with any scholarship, the full amount awarded may not always be used as recipients plans change or evolve."
Oliver has journalists who worked at the New York Times Magazine and ProPublica on his writing staff.
Robert Thompson, director of Syracuse University's Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture, calls Oliver's work "investigative comedy." Thompson has played the net neutrality segment for his students.
Research indicates that young people are much more likely than their elders to take a deeper dive into news stories that interest them, searching for more information online, said Tom Rosenstiel, executive director of the American Press Institute. What Oliver is doing responds to that desire, he said.
"There is a natural link between committing journalism and committing comedy," Rosenstiel said. "They're both in the uncovering and unmasking business, but with different approaches."
Oliver, who wasn't made available by HBO for an interview, has made no secret of his debt to "The Daily Show," and viewers of "Last Week Tonight" will find many similar elements. This week he paired a little-noticed development — President Obama acting to continue the economic embargo against Cuba for another year — with a video clip of pre-president Obama saying in 2004 that the embargo had outlived its usefulness.
But in a weekly show, Oliver needs to go beyond daily developments. He hasn't hesitated to get into issues that others might consider eye-glazing. He even makes that part of the comedy.
In describing the concept of net neutrality, Oliver said, "the only two words that promise more boredom in the English language are 'featuring Sting.'" The segment, besides a look at the arcanity of federal communications regulation, included a break-dancing Abraham Lincoln impersonator.
Before the World Cup, he took an exhaustive look at corruption charges against the tournament's operating body. Oliver had a cheap and pointed laugh line, showing video of FIFA board president Sepp Blatter falling during a public appearance. "That's one time you can say, 'I'm glad that old man fell off the stage,'" he said.
With Oliver's adept mixture of comedy and tangents in his longer segments, Thompson said, "you never feel like you're watching something 13 minutes long. It's always moving."
Oliver's mentor Stewart broke ground, and filled a journalism-like role, with his show's research and use of video archives, Rosenstiel said. Oliver's long-form pieces may be where he makes his mark.
"It is really an interesting convergence," he said.
___
David Bauder can be reached at dbauder@ap.org or on Twitter@dbauder. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/david-bauder.
Also on HuffPost:

Amma leaves  protests break outTweet
Supporters of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa cry in Chennai after a Bangalore special court convicted her in a disproportionate assets case. (PTI Photo)
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengalore court in a disproportionate assests case. (PTI Photo)
Members of AIADMK stomp on a poster of DMK chief K Karunanidhi during a protest following a Bangalore special court pronouncing Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa guilty in a disproportionate assets case, in Coimbatore. (PTI Photo)
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore over conviction of the party supremo Jayalalithaa by a Bangalore court in a disproportionate assests case. (PTI Photo)
CM Jayalalithaa is seen through the mirror of a car as she comes out of her house in Chennai to appear before a Bangalore court for the verdict. (AP Photo)
Supporters of AIADMK burn the effigy of DMK chief M Karunanidhi after a Bangalore special court pronounced J Jayalalithaa guilty in a disproportionate assets case, in Chennai. (PTI Photo)
Security men push away supporters of J Jayalalithaa while she proceeds to the special court in Bangalore. (PTI photo)
Advertisement

Narendra Modi s US visit to boost fund inflows: Reliance Mutual FundE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bank employees-IBA talks failBank employees-IBA talks fail
BS Reporter |  Sep 29, 2014 12:03 AM IST
Bank employees' unions would resume their agitation for wage revision and service conditions from October 10, after talks between them and the management failed.
Talks between the unions and the Indian Banks Association (IBA), which represents mangements, for a wage hike beyond 11 per cent offered by banks failed as they expressed their inability to give better terms due to financial constraints.

vast majority of clients are sticking with usPimco says ‘vast majority’ of clients are sticking with it
By Tom Braithwaite in New York and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2405e344-46ff-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Butterfly Gandhimathi Falls on Political TurmoilYou are here: Home Market
Butterfly Gandhimathi Falls on Political Turmoil
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 12:26 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Ltd fell 1.1 per cent on Monday.
Butterfly Gandhimathi bagged an order worth Rs 204 crore ($33.2 million) from the Tamil Nadu government in September 2013, according to BSE filings.
The order was for supply of 1 million pieces of table top wet grinders.
A special court on Saturday sentenced Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa to four years in jail in Karnataka.
Jayalalithaa has appealed to Karnataka High Court, which could overturn the verdict.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Artists To Serve Radioactive Soup To Express Solidarity With FukushimaThis post originally appeared on artnet News .
By Henri Neuendorf
Ei and Tomoo Arakawa will serve soup with vegetables from Fukushima at Frieze London
Photo: Frank Gualtieri via Wikimedia Commons
Two Japanese artists are offering visitors to this year’s Frieze Art Fair in London the chance to try a soup made from vegetables grown in Fukushima, The Independent has reported.
The soup’s main ingredient, daikon radish, was grown in Fukushima where, in March 2011, an earthquake and subsequent tsunami caused a local nuclear power plant to melt down, contaminating the surrounding area with radioactive waste.
Ei Arakawa and his brother Tomoo, who call themselves the United Brothers, were born and raised in the affected Fukushima prefecture. The artists plan to fly their mother from Japan to London to prepare the broth at the art fair. The performance, entitled Does This Soup Taste Ambivalent?, is meant to express the pair’s solidarity with those affected by the nuclear disaster.
The artists insist that the soup is safe to eat and have assured Frieze organizers that the vegetables have been approved by the Japanese Farmers’ Association. Frieze director Matthew Slotover told The Independent “They are flying in vegetables. They’ve been tested, they’re safe, but there’s clearly a psychological barrier.”
The Frieze catalogue explains “The gift of food represents the essence of hospitality, sharing and humanity. However, the soup United Brothers offer is laced with the (conceptual) possibility that it may be radioactive.”
The artists will be serving the soup daily at Frieze Art Fair, free of charge.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
artnet News is the world’s first global, 24-hour art newswire, dedicated to informing, engaging, and connecting the most avid members of the art community with daily news and expert commentary.
Read More artnet News / Facebook / Twitter / Pinterest / Tumblr
More:

Teen  Extremist  who Runs Pro-Democracy Movement of 120 000 YouthsTeen  Extremist  who Runs Pro-Democracy Movement of 120 000 Youths
There s a conspiracy to malign NCP ahead of assembly polls: Ajit PawarYes, I want to be the CM of Maharashtra: Ajit Pawar
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:21 AM IST
 
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) broke its 15-year alliance with the Congress last week with the hope of scoring a majority in the election to the 288-member Maharashtra Legislative Assembly. However, the party faces a tough task to clear its scam-tainted image. NCP leader and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar tells Sanjay Jog the allegation of corruption against his party is a political conspiracy. Edited excerpts:
NCP seems to have been cornered by the other parties on the corruption issue. How prepared is your party to tackle this?
This (corruption allegation) is a conspiracy to malign the NCP and its leaders in the run-up to the Assembly poll. A special investigation team (SIT) has already probed the so-called irrigation scam and has given a clean chit to us. SIT has not passed any strictures against me and former water resources minister Sunil Tatkare. The government had also brought out a white paper on the status of the irrigation sector. Attempts were made to put NCP ministers in a wrong box or treat them as culprits even in other cases, but allegations have not yet been proved.
NCP will not be quiet and it is fully prepared to rebut the allegations during the poll campaign. During 1995 Assembly election, a similar campaign was unleashed against NCP president Sharad Pawar, but the opponents failed to prove their charges even after so many years. NCP will make its position clear though an effective print, electronic and social media campaign. This apart, party leaders will also address public meetings. I myself plan to hold virtual rallies across the state. I want to make it amply clear that I don't indulge in corrupt practices and I will not allow others to do that.
There are also allegations of corruption in toll collection...
NCP has been advocating changes in the toll policy. Already, two- and three-wheelers, tractors and bullock carts are exempted from paying toll charges. We were proposing that toll be waived for light-motor vehicles and state transport buses. I agree this would have increased the toll collection period to, say, 20 years from 15 years but at least we would have given relief to the common man.
However, despite repeated attempts from our side, toll collection at Kharghar junction in Navi Mumbai could not be scrapped because former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had taken a different view.
But Chavan reined in NCP despite your party’s attack on him...
Chavan was criticised for slow decision making and policy paralysis not only by the NCP, but by the Congress party's former ministers and legislators, too. To maintain his ‘Mr Clean image’, Chavan told his critics he never took any decision in haste or to appease a particular lobby. If this is so, then how has Chavan cleared various files of builders and realty players in the past two months just before the Assembly poll? Were the pro-builder decisions for mobilising election fund? This needs to be thoroughly probed and the details in this regard be brought to light through the Right to Information Act.
Chavan, who delayed several decisions including those pertaining to builders and realty players, could have taken the same stand in the builders’ case also.
Chavan has blamed you for the split between the NCP and Congress, saying you were ambitious to become the chief minister.
NCP has made all efforts to save the alliance. It was Sharad Pawar who initiated talks with Congress president Sonia Gandhi two months ago. Last week, NCP and Congress leaders met to take the talks forward. But Chavan suddenly left for his home town when we were expecting further meetings. Chavan and I spoke when the NCP prepared to settle at 135 seats, while leaving its claim over 144 seats. However, NCP did not get any response from the Congress. Since the very beginning, Chavan has been opposed to a poll tie-up with NCP.
As regards Chavan’s allegation that I am ambitious, yes I want to become the state’s chief minister. Wasn’t Chavan ambitious? He resigned from the Union Cabinet as a minister of state in the Prime Minister’s Office to take over as the chief minister in November 2010.
Is your party projecting you as NCP's chief ministerial candidate?
No. We are contesting the Assembly poll under the collective leadership under the guidance of our tallest leader and visionary Sharad Pawar, a four-time chief minister.
Why should people vote for NCP?
We have a team of capable leaders who over the years have done a lot of developmental work in their respective areas. They have acumen and vision to lead the state and ensure further progress. The NCP proposes to give priority to expedite growth in rural areas and address issues arising out of rapid urbanisation in the state. Our party wants to bring in transparent housing policy to enable houses to police force, government employees, textile mill workers and mathadi (manual) workers, apart from slum dwellers. The government can consider giving an extra floor space index to builders along the metro or mono rail projects so that some houses can be made available to various sections.

New wearable smartphone can be strapped to your armE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RSS worker facing murder case places turban on Rajnath Singh s headBJP spokesman V V Rajesh said that the party cannot keep Santhosh away from the function on the ground that he was facing a murder case. (Source: IE photo)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:04 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 7:23 pm
An RSS worker, who is an accused in the murder of a CPI (M) activist, placed a turban on the head of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit here on Saturday.
While BJP said there was nothing unusual in the incident, CPI (M) alleged that it showed even a ‘murderer’ could go near the Union Home Minister.  Congress leader and State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala observed that there was no security lapse, but it was up to the person who wears the turban.
RSS worker T Santhosh approached Singh who was about to get into a car after visiting Padmanabhaswamy temple here and placed the turban Singh’s head.
BJP spokesman V V Rajesh, who was present on the occasion, said Santhosh is an RSS leader in charge of that region. ‘He came with a turban to be presented to the minister, who, in turn, gave the consent. It all lasted only for three minutes. We are all familiar with Santhosh. The party cannot keep Santhosh away from the function on the ground that he was facing a murder case,’ said Rajesh.
BJP state president V Muraleedharan said there was nothing unusual in Santhosh presenting a turban to the union minister. “This is not a serious issue. He was not convicted and until the outcome of the final appeal in the Supreme Court, we cannot say he is a murder. The party does not think that a probe into the issue is necessary.”
The BJP state president said several CPI (M) leaders, including politburo members Pinarayi Vijayan and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, have faced murder charges. They all had shared dais with various ministers earlier. Former chief minister E K Nayanar used to boast about his involvement in the death of a policeman during an agitation,’’ said Muraleedharan.
Home Minister Chennithala said there was no security lapse on the part of Kerala police. The NSG was in charge of the security of the minister. The RSS leader placed the turban on the minister’s head because the latter had allowed that act. It was up to the minister (Singh) to decide who should place the turban on his head,’’ said Chennithala.
CPI (M) legislator V Shivankutty said Santhosh is the first accused in the murder of young CPI (M) activist Vishnu in 2008. BJP has allowed the ‘murderer’ to place the turban on the minister’s heard. The incident showed any murderer could get near a union minister when the BJP is in power.

Singareni Collieries to open country s biggest underground mineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Multiplex operator PVR to raise Rs 500 cr th...PVR Ltd to raise Rs 500 crore through qualified institutional placement
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 06.14PM IST
Tags:
Amit Burmam
(The board in its Annual General…)
NEW DELHI: Multiplex operator PVR Ltd today said that it's board has approve plans to raise Rs 500 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP).
The board in its Annual General Meeting authorised PVR to raise the fund, PVR informed the BSE. It also approved management services agreement with its JV firm PVR bluO Entertainment .
Moreover, Ajay Bijli along with five independent directors has been appointed.
The independent directors are -- Sanjay Kapoor , Sanjay Khanna, Vikram Bakshi, Sanjai Vohra and Amit Burmam .
On July 31, PVR had said that it would Rs 500 crore through QIP for any inorganic growth or acquisition.
Shares of the company today closed at Rs 700.85 apiece on the BSE , down 0.34 per cent from previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong s students ignite campaign against...Hong Kong's student protesters ignite campaign against Beijing
By Reuters | 29 Sep, 2014, 06.02PM IST
0
Share More
Organised, determined and idealistic, Hong Kong's students pose a major challenge to China as they demand freedom to nominate election candidates.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: They are dubbed the "umbrella generation" - teenaged students who have stormed the streets of Hong Kong in their tens of thousands and electrified a long-running protest campaign against Beijing's attempts to control the financial hub.
Organised, determined and idealistic, they pose a major challenge to mainland China as they demand it gives them the freedom to nominate election candidates. China recently announced that it would not go that far.
"The kids took over," said media tycoon Jimmy Lai , a key backer of pro-democratic forces in Hong Kong, tears welling up as he voiced his belief that they would succeed.
"It is very frightening for Beijing, but it is very cheering for us...this is our future," he told Reuters.
The latest show of popular dissent represents one of the biggest threats to Beijing's Communist Party leadership since its bloody 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy student protests in and around Tiananmen Square.
Today's young protesters are the first generation to grow up without direct memories of Tiananmen, an event still marked by an annual candle-lit vigil in Hong Kong.
Last week, students' tightly choreographed, citywide boycott of classes escalated into arrests after the storming of a barricaded public space in the city's Admiralty government quarter at the weekend and culminated in far wider demonstrations and public support.
As thousands of protesters confronted police at barriers to try to reach the students hemmed in at Admiralty, they were met with pepper spray, batons and, later, tear gas, as the unrest spread into the city's glittering Central financial district.
Hundreds of upturned umbrellas - protection against pepper spray but useless against tear gas - lay abandoned as young protesters retreated temporarily.
"Stay safe," warned a twitter message on Sunday night from the Hong Kong Federation of Students , a 60,000-strong union of university students. "This is a long battle."
TEENAGER TAKES A STAND
For 17-year-old Joshua Wong, it has already been a lengthy fight.
Two years ago, with the help of secondary school activists calling themselves Scholarism, he forced the Hong Kong government to shelve plans to introduce a pro-China national education scheme in the city's schools.
At its height, 120,000 people, parents and students alike, converged on government headquarters to push for the change.
"I hope I can have a better future and that I can have the right to choose my future in Hong Kong," Wong told Reuters recently, with a self-belief that belies his bookish looks.
"It is true that we are students, but we are also citizens, so we can use action to change the policy of the government."
Both Scholarism and the federation are using the Internet to spread their message and eschewing the more traditional banner-led marches.
Page 1 of 2

Panneerselvam weeps at swearing-in  rushes to meet Jayalalithaa in jailComments
A tearful AIADMK leader O Panneerselvam was sworn in as Tamil Nadu chief minister on Monday as some of his ministerial colleagues broke down in an emotional ceremony two days after party chief J Jayalalithaa was jailed in a corruption case.
 
The new chief minister pulled out a handkerchief to wipe his tears as he took the oath with a picture of Jayalalithaa in his hand at Raj Bhavan in Chennai where emotions have been running high since the AIADMK chief was sentenced to four years in prison in a disproportionate assets case.
 
The 66-year-old Jayalalithaa, who has a cult following in Tamil Nadu, approached the Karnataka high court on Monday challenging the conviction and the matter is expected to come up before a vacation bench on Tuesday.
 
Most of the 30 MLAs who followed Panneerselvam were sobbing and their voices were low as they were sworn into the new council of ministers.
O Panneerselvam weeps at the swearing-in ceremony. (Agency photo)
Before they came for the swearing-in, many of them participated in AIADMK protests against Jayalalithaa’s conviction. Angry Jayalalithaa supporters held protests in Chennai and Bangalore over the weekend with hundreds of party workers damaging vehicles and wailing women throwing themselves on the ground.
Jaya moves HC against conviction, Panneerselvam sworn in
The 63-year-old Panneerselvam was rewarded for his loyalty and devotion to Jayalalithaa for the second time: the former film-star-turned-politician handed over responsibility to him in 2001 following her conviction in a land deals case that was later overturned.
The conviction effectively slams the door on Jayalalithaa’s political career for some years. But analysts say the powerful politician, who is popularly known as Amma, is likely to pull the strings from behind bars with a staunch loyalist occupying the chief minister’s chair. 
 
Unless her conviction is overturned by a higher court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years while she is in jail and six after release.
 
Jayalalithaa and three of her close aides are lodged in Bengaluru’s central jail after being convicted in the corruption case.

Press lotus symbol so hard that current is felt in Italy: Amit Shah8
0
Chandigarh: Launching BJP's campaign for Haryana Assembly polls, party president Amit Shah on Monday alleged that corruption had flourished during the successive governments in state and sought a decisive mandate for all-round development of the state.
"For 20 years, we are seeing Hooda and Chautala (ruling the state). One comes and corruption flourishes, the other comes both 'gooindaism' and corruption flourish. When you bring us to power, we will root out corruption and 'goondaism' and undertake development," he said without naming anyone.
Shah urged the people to reject the forces which try to woo the electorate on caste and regional basis. Seeking to touch an emotional chord with the people, Shah said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is well versed with Haryana and its people after having worked in the state for nearly ten years as a party man earlier.
Amit Shah urged the people to reject the forces which try to woo the electorate on caste and regional basis.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #chandigarh #bjp #amit shah
"Make BJP victorious in the polls and see how he repays the debt," he said.
The BJP leader, who addressed a party rally at Tohana in Fatehabad district in southern Haryana, hit out at the Congress government in the state, saying it has been hit by several scams.
"Ensure that their security is forfeited," he added.
"Don't press the lotus symbol (BJP's poll symbol), just like that only, but press it so hard that when the button is pressed in Haryana, current is felt in Italy," Shah said.
"Now, they are seeking one more chance. You gave them two chances (in a row) already. What have they done?" Shah He then sought one chance for BJP to usher in all round development.
"Give us one chance and bring us to power with majority. We will ensure all-round development," he said.
Shah said that people are fed up with the Congress regime while 'goondaism' flourished under the Chautala regime.
Taking a dig at former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Shah claimed that he used to speak only after getting direction from the Gandhi family.
Wooing the farmers, Shah said in the coming days, the Modi government is preparing a big scheme for the benefit of farmers around the country.
"A blueprint for different regions is being prepared. Like, for example, the areas which are rich in water resources, there will be a different scheme for farmers in those areas. While in areas like Rajasthan and for southern parts of the country, the scheme will be different," Shah said.
He then added,"If this time, people of Haryana commit a mistake, then you should take it for granted that your land will again be acquired for peanuts and you will get nothing while coffers of their sons-in-law will fill up and their bungalows will be built".
1

Jayalalithaa moves HC against conviction  seeks bailJayalalithaa moves HC against conviction, seeks bail
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 30, 2014 12:27 AM IST
Former chief minister of Tamil Nadu J Jayalalithaa, now in jail, on Monday moved the Karnataka High Court seeking suspension of her sentence by the trial court and bail in the disproportionate assets (DA) case.
The former CM of Tamil Nadu was sentenced to four years in jail and a fine of Rs 100 crore on Saturday by a special court here, in the Rs 66.65 crore DA case. She immediately ceased to be a member of the legislative Assembly, as well as chief minister.
A senior counsel for Jayalalithaa filed a set of four applications in the high court for early hearing, seeking suspension of the sentence, bail for release from jail, review of the fine (Rs 100 crore) and stay on conviction. Of the two interim petitions filed, one seeks stay on confiscation of properties seized in 1997 from Jayalalithaa’s residence in central Chennai by the Enforcement Directorate and which in the custody of the trial court here. The properties include 800 kg silver, 28 kg gold ornaments, 750 pairs of shoes, 10,500 sarees, 91 watches and other valuables.
Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala Natarajan and her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also filed bail applications. The three have also been sentenced to four years in jail and a fine of Rs 10 crore each. All the four convicted persons are lodged in Parappana Agrahara central jail since Saturday.
As they have been sentenced to more than three years in jail, the bail plea can be filed only in the high court. Since the HC is closed for Dasara holidays from September 29 to October 6, Jayalalithaa’s bail plea will be heard on September 30 by the vacation Bench of the high court or by the chief justice.
According to sources, eminent lawyer Ram Jethmalani is likely to represent her.
Meanwhile, central jail officials are finding it tough to manage Jayalalithaa as she has refused to accept jail food on Monday and demanded home-cooked food. Also, a large number of Tamil Nadu leaders are making a beeline to the jail to meet her.
After taking charge as CM of Tamil Nadu, O Panneerselvam, along with a few of his ministers, has left for Bangalore to meet Jayalalithaa in jail.

Fresh murder  terrorism case against Sharif  10othersPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:29 pm
On Monday a fresh murder and terrorism case was slapped on Nawaz Sharif and 10 others, including his brother and ministers, over the death of three protestors during anti-government demonstrations last month, the third criminal case filed against the embattled Prime Minister.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) party of cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan had sought court’s intervention for launching of the case after police allegedly refused to register an FIR as already a murder case was instituted on the complaint of cleric Tahirul Qadri’s Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) in connection with the incident.
On Monday Police registered second FIR in the same case following the orders of a district court.
Sharif, his brother and Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and eight others have been booked on charges of murder, attempt to murder and terrorism.
IG Islamabad, Deputy Commissioner Islamabad, IG Railways have also been named in the FIR.
Three persons were killed and over 500 others injured in clashes between police and supporters of Khan and Qadri last month during demonstrations against Sharif.
Supporters of Khan and Qadri are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif’s ouster.
The PTI chief wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s general election which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. But Sharif has refused to quit.
Sharif had already been implicated last month in connection with the death of 14 workers of PAT during a clash with police in Lahore in June.

India is open-minded  wants change: Narendra Modi tells US CEOs over breakfastmeetingPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York, US on Monday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:24 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 1:44 am
Moving the action from the rapturous outdoors to a boardroom in a hotel, Prime Minister   Narendra Modi   on Monday met 11 top chief executives of America Inc and promised them he would convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal blocks into an “opportunity to move forward and clean up the past”.
This reference to the recent court decision aims to address concern among foreign companies about choppy decision-making and sluggish reforms in India’s business sphere. Modi invited the CEOs to invest in India’s key sectors, including infrastructure.
 
Modi with GE’s Jeffrey Immelt in New York.
The Prime Minister’s message at the breakfast conclave seems to have been well-received, going by the early reactions from the CEOs. He first met the 11 CEOs as a group and later had individual interactions with six others.
Jeffrey R Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric, told The Indian Express that he was excited about his 20-minute meeting with Modi. “My interaction with him was outstanding. I am certainly looking forward to further investments in India as the climate for investments has switched to positive once again.’’
This thumbs-up for India was echoed by Andres R Gluski, CEO of AES, a global power corporation. “I thought the Indian Prime Minister has a very clear vision of what he wants India to be. He now has to return to India and urgently address issues which stand in the way of achieving those goals.’’
Narendra Modi and Sushma Swaraj with Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton in New York Monday. Source: PTI
One chief executive said it was heartening for them to see Modi look upon the recent coal allocation case as an opportunity for revamping the sector. The group of CEOs are said to have candidly listed the hurdles they had in the past while working on collaborations or taking forward specific industrial projects and investments in India.
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming it as “fatally flawed”. Modi’s observation comes against the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiment and overall business climate.
Besides coal, the slow licencing regime and problems in acquisition of land are understood to be other problems taken up at the discussions. According to Ajay Banga, President and CEO of Mastercard, the Prime Minister listened to all the areas of concern raised by the CEOs.
“Whether it was issues like private sector lending or taxation matters, the Prime Minister said he had heard all the issues raised by us and would respond to shortly,’’ Banga told The Indian Express after the meeting. “He (Narendra Modi) said ‘I get it’ and also that he will now return and get on with the task of addressing our concerns. This, in my view, is a very positive indication of the fact that he wants the investment climate in India to change drastically and change fast.’’
Besides these CEOs, others from top American Corporations like PepsiCo, Caterpillar, Google, Pincus and Citigroup were also present. Besides General Electric’s, CEOs of Boeing, IBM Corporation, Golden Sachs, KKR and BlackRock met Modi individually.
“India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not onesided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors,” the spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs, Syed Akbaruddin, tweeted quoting Modi at the meeting.

Huawei aims to sell 1 mn smartphones in Indi...You are here: Home > Collections > Rollout
Huawei aims to sell 1 mn smartphones in India this year
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 06.47PM IST
Tags:
Ascend
(Chinese telecom firm Huawei…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese telecom firm Huawei today said it aims to sell 1 million smartphones in India this year as the company charts out a new retail strategy with launch of Honor series, which will be its online only brand.
The company launched four devices under Honor series, which will be available exclusively on Flipkart and there will be no offline retail.
"We are aiming to sell 1 million smartphones in 2014 and are on track to achieve our target," Huawei Telecommunications India CEO Cai Liqun said here.
The company said as part of the strategy, it will sell Ascend series handsets through offline retail and Honor series through online medium with Flipkart.
"Honor series will be our online brand. The Ascend series phones will be available on retail stores and we will continue to strengthen our distributor network," Huawei India President (Consumer business group) Allen Wang said.
"At the onset of the festive season, the devices including - two smartphones - Honor 6 and Honor Holly and two tablets - Honor X1 and Honor T1 will be available to the 26 million regular visitors of Flipkart," Wang said.
Priced at Rs 19,999 and the flagship device, Honor 6 is a 4G phone, which comes with 3GB RAM and 13 megapixel rear camera.
Asked about launch of more 4G devices in India, Liqun said, "The availability of more 4G devices in India will depend on the network rollout by operators. The USD 100 4G phone is likely to be available in China by the end of this year and it will also be brought to India later depending on the rollout by telcos," Liqun said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt asks realty firm to build homes for LIG...You are here: Home > Collections
Government asks realty firm to focus on building homes for lower income group/economically weaker section
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 06.29PM IST
Tags:
economically weaker section
(Industry is facing a huge…)
NEW DELHI: Real estate developers should focus on addressing the housing demand of lower income group and economically weaker section , a senior government official said today.
Addressing a real estate conference here, Ministry of Housing & Urban Poverty Alleviation Joint Secretary Karan Bir Singh Sidhu said that there is shortage of about 2 crore houses in the country, of which maximum exists for the EWS/LIG section of society.
"Organised real estate must address the demand of LIG and EWS ," he said at a conference organised by the Indian Chamber of Commerce.
He asked the developers to move on from a low volume-high margin business to low margin-larger volume business.
Noting that supply is more in the middle income and luxury segment, Sidhu said the private sector also has an important role to play in providing homes to LIG/EWS section.
Speaking on the occasion, the apex realtors' body Credai Chairman Lalit Kumar Jain demanded online approval of realty projects to create housing supply and bring down prices.
He also mentioned that the sentiments have improved in the sector but ground realities have not changed. "It takes upto 2-3 years to take environmental and aviation clearance for developing real estate projects," Jain said.
Realty firm SARE Homes MD Vineet Relia stressed on the need for ease of doing business and ease of financing for the long-term growth of the real estate sector.
Industry is facing a huge slowdown in demand due to high interest rate regime and costlier homes resulting into severe liquidity crunch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can states solve the immigration crisisBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo September 29, 2014: 10:54 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Foreign entrepreneurs, take note: "There is a welcome mat out in Massachusetts."
That's the message Greg Bialecki hopes will be conveyed through the launch of the Global Entrepreneur in Residence program this fall.
Bialecki, the Massachusetts secretary of housing and economic development, helped implement the three-year pilot program. It's designed to keep talented entrepreneurs, their innovative ideas, and the jobs they're bound to create in the country -- and in the state -- post-degree.
The H-1B is the most popular visa for highly-skilled foreigners and has an annual quota of 85,000. But those who are sponsored by a nonprofit research institution are exempt from this cap.
By partnering with universities, the GEIR program can use that provision to help foreign entrepreneurs with viable startups stay in the U.S.
The Massachusetts Technology Collaborative will work with universities to vet applicants; the universities will sponsor them. In return, participants must put in a minimum of eight to ten hours of work a week at the sponsoring university -- the rest of their time is spent working on their startup. (There are not currently any guidelines about the amount of hours one must work in order to qualify for a university-sponsored visa).
Related: 6 things you need to know about STEM
"The current system, where our top academic institutions train the best and brightest around the world and then they're told we don't want them to stay, is absolutely insane," said Jeff Bussgang, a Harvard Business School lecturer who conceptualized the GEIR program.
 
This is what a deportation looks like
Foreign students are already drawn to Massachusetts universities in near record numbers, according to a recent report from Brookings and JPMorgan Chase .
"The idea that students would be capable of starting a company, or growing a company, was not just an idea or a hypothetical," said Bialecki. "Massachusetts is a state where people see many tangible examples about how immigrants are fueling our economy and creating jobs."
Related: I created 7 jobs and the U.S. tried to deport me
The GEIR program was part of the 2014 Economic Development Bill that passed in early August (it will receive $3 million from the state). Though the program hasn't yet opened to the public (they expect to do so this fall), it has several "pre-launch" enrollees who they're already working with, like Vivek Gupta.
Originally from Calcutta, India, Gupta graduated from Harvard Business School this year.
Fate would have it that one of his professors was Bussgang, the driving force behind the GEIR program and a general partner at VC firm Flybridge Capital Partners.
Gupta's startup WealthVine was originally conceived in Bussgang's course and is slated to launch in the next two months.
The University of Massachusetts in Boston is sponsoring Gupta's visa; he's currently back in India awaiting for it to be approved. Then, he'll return to the U.S. and work at the university's Venture Development Center as an "entrepreneur in residence," meaning he'll advise other founders to fulfill his quota of work hours.
"Without this program, I would not have been able to stay in the US and launch my startup," said Gupta, 29.
Related: U .S. losing tech talent to Canada
His startup is a technology platform designed to help accredited investors invest in hedge funds and private equity funds. Leaving the country would have had a "severe negative impact on the viability of my startup," he said.
Gupta is one of several of Bussgang's students who will be in this first cohort of the program (they've yet to disclose numbers of enrollees but estimate it'll be a group of ten entrepreneurs at launch).
If the program is a success and if immigration reform remains stalled, other states could soon follow Massachusetts' lead in combating the brain drain.
"If there's no reform anytime soon, I think there's going to be more and more of these [types of programs] in other states," said immigration lawyer Jacob J. Sapochnick. "There's nothing circumventing the rules -- what's interesting is how creative it is. Universities have an interest to support it."
Are you an immigrant who has faced challenges starting your business? Email us.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 9:07 AM ET
Most Popular

PM Modi in US: Sartorially appropriatePM Modi in US: Sartorially appropriate
Narendra Modi pitches  Make in India  with top CEOs  to meet Obama for quiet dinnerComments
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs at a breakfast meeting with top US executives on Monday, saying the country was open-minded and ready for change.
Modi’s message to industry bigwigs in New York comes in the midst of his promises to make his country more attractive for doing business.
Addressing top executives, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, the PM spoke on the recent Supreme Court order cancelling more than 200 coal block allocations due to illegalities, a move that has added to an environment of policy uncertainty in India after the earlier scrapping of 2G telecom spectrums.
“(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward & clean up the past,” Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs tweeted, quoting the Prime Minister as saying.
Modi also discussed steps that can be taken to enhance India's business environment.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," another of Akbaruddin’s tweets, quoting the Prime Minister, said."
Read: Narendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
The country had also failed to pass key economic reform laws in the last few years of the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance government, a problem Modi promised to tackle after coming to power in an absolute majority.
"Infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs & enhances quality of life of our citizens," Modi told the CEOs.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Read: Modi moves to resurrect India lobby
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.

Indian-origin Antonio Costa is Portugals next PM candidateprint
Lisbon mayor Antonio Costa holds a carnation, a symbol of the 1974 Carnation Revolution, while celebrates his victory in the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) prime ministerial primary at his campaign headquarters in Lisbon. (Reuters)
A new name is likely to be added to the list of Indian-origin people who hold or have held top political positions in various countries: Antonio Costa, of Goa origin, who on Sunday won the primary elections as the prime ministerial candidate of the opposition Socialist Party in Portugal.
 
Costa has been a popular mayor of Lisbon since 2007, and is known as the ‘Gandhi of Lisbon’ due to his spartan lifestyle. He has transformed deprived parts of the capital and enjoys much goodwill due to his ideas and affable eagerness to hear out anyone who stops him on the streets. He is now in his third term as mayor.
 
Costa defeated his oldest rival, Antonio Jose Seguro, in the primaries, and will now succeed the latter as the secretary-general of PS (Partido Socialista), which makes him the party’s prime ministerial candidate.
 
Portugal, which is one of European countries facing severe economic hardships and austerity measures since 2009, is scheduled to hold its next general elections in October 2015. Costa has caught the public imagination with his ideas for economic change and his slogan, ‘Mobilizar Portugal’ (Mobilize Portugal).
 
Born in Lisbon in 1961, Antonio Luis dos Santos da Costa is the son of prominent novelist Orlando da Costa, who wrote essays on Rabindranath Tagore. His father was born in Mozambique, but spent most of his youth in Goa, then under Portuguese rule.
 
Antonio Costa’s grand-father, Luis Afonso Maria da Costa, who was born and brought up in Goa, was a descendant of prominent Hindu families who converted to Christianity during the centuries of Portuguese rule in Goa.
 
Costa became member of the Portuguese parliament in 1991, and held several offices, including secretary of state (1995-1997), minister for parliamentary affairs (1997-1999), and justice minister (1999-2002). He was a member of the European parliament from June 2004 to March 2005.
 
Known to many as ‘Babush’ (the Konkani word for boy), Antonio Costa comes across as an easy-going person, someone who doesn’t take himself seriously, believing in the Portuguese-Goan concept of ‘susegad’.
 
As Lisbon mayor, Costa moved his office to the Mouraria neighbourhood, which was earlier known for drug trafficking and prostitution. Today, it is a busy construction hub. His new position on the national stage has the support of former president Jorge Sampio.
 
Portugal was the first western country to colonise parts of India in the early sixteenth century, and the last to leave, on 19 December 1961.

Hemant Karkare s wife dies of brain haemorrhageComments
Kavita Karkare, wife of slain anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief Hemant Karkare who died fighting terrorists during the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai, died at the PD Hinduja Hospital on Monday following a brain haemorrhage. She had slipped into coma after suffering from brain hemorrhage and cardiac complications.
After the doctors declared Kavita Karkare dead on Monday, her children were approached for organ donation by the hospital. The family - two daughters and son - have consented for donating her organs.
Kavita's husband Hemant Karkare, then Maharashtra ATS chief, died defending Mumbai in the November 26, 2008 attacks.
He was killed on the night of 26/11 near Cama Hospital, along with Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte and senior police inspector Vijay Salaskar.
(With PTI inputs)

India is open-minded  wants change: Modi to US CEOs4
0
New York: After addressing UN General Assembly on Saturday and Indian-American communities at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday met top executives of American companies in New York.
India is open-minded and wants change, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Monday during the Breakfast meeting.
"India is open-minded. We want change, Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists * investors," Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the external affairs ministry, in a tweet, quoted Modi as saying.
#modi meets america #narendra modi in us #ceos #modi us corporate
The breakfast meeting with 11 CEOs, including those of Google, Citigroup and Pepsico, will be followed by one-on-one meetings with six other CEOs of companies like Boeing, IBM, GE and Goldman Sachs.
The morning business engagement is among the most important Modi has scheduled in the US and he is expected to unveil his government's new mantra of "Come, Make in India" - to seek investment and assure them of a red carpet welcome minus the red tape.

Assembly polls: Everybody has an outside chance in Maharashtra5
0
Mumbai: For the first time, all major political parties in Maharashtra have taken a gamble in its recent political history. The 25-year-old relationship between the Shiv Sena and the BJP ended on a sour note, last week. On the same day, the ruling Congress and NCP also ended their relationship.
All four major parties, Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena and BJP are trying their luck on their own. With Raj Thackeray led MNS is also in the fray, the traditional two horse race has now become a very interesting multi horse race. The MNS has a strong presence in the pockets Mumbai - Thane and Nasik regions and may win quiet a few seats there.
However, the main contest will be among the four major players across the state. According to a political analyst, it may throw up some interesting results.
For the first time, all four major parties, Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena and BJP are trying their luck on their own.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #ncp
Each Assembly seat in Maharashtra has over two lakh votes on an average. About one and a half lakh voters may exercise their right in each constituency and about 25,000 votes may go to smaller parties, rebels and independents. The four major parties (in some seats five major players) will have to share the remaining 1.25 lakh to 1.5 lakh votes.
The candidate who gets 40,000-50,000 votes can easily get elected in such a scenario. Since the competition is so intense and very close, any party with an assured vote bank of over 30,000 votes has a chance.
The Congress which had lost all hopes till the break up of Shiv Sena - BJP alliance now thinks it has an outside chance and can put up a decent fight. According to a Congress worker, in many seats the Muslims have over 25,000-35,000 votes and Congress has a vote bank of at least 40,000 in these seats.
The Shiv Sena, which has taken a huge risk by going on its own under Udhav Thackeray, is also making similar calculations. A leader claims that if the party manages to get 40,000 votes in 150 seats, it will be in the driver's seat post election results.
The BJP is also hoping that it can manage 35,000-45,000 votes in at least 125-150 seats and can emerge the winner.
Sharad Pawar led NCP is keeping all its cards close the chest. The NCP is the only party which can go with any party post results. If the Congress manages 100 seats and the NCP gets 50-60 seats, it can go back to the Congress to form the government. If the Shiv Sena manages 100 seats and the NCP manages 50-60 seats, it can with the Shiv Sena. If the BJP manages to emerge as the single largest party, the NCP can even go with the BJP.
The Shiv Sena and the BJP can also come together post result. But the Congress - Shiv Sena and Congress - BJP alliance is impossible. Wherever the MNS eats into the Shiv Sena votes, the Congress and the BJP have an advantage. But a senior journalist claims that the MNS more harm the BJP more than it can harm the Shiv Sena. The MNS is raking up the Marathis versus Gujaratis issues he says.
Another journalist said "whoever has a vote bank of 25,000 votes can influence or buy another 15,000-20,000 can easily win. This time, the money will flow like water and the smaller castes and groups can decide the results. This election is going to be the most interesting since the 1977".
Everybody has an outside chance in Maharashtra election, this time!
0

Arun Jaitley kept in special isolation facilitySep 29, 2014 at 06:10pm IST
Arun Jaitley kept in special isolation facility
12
0
New Delhi: Union Finance and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley has been kept in a special isolation facility at the Cardiothoracic and Neurosciences Centre in AIIMS.
"Has been advised complete isolation and is being lodged at the Cardiothoracic and Neurosciences Centre at AIIMS. A team of doctors from different departments are monitoring him," said a senior doctor from AIIMS.
According to the doctor, even when Jaitley was admitted in Max Super Speciality hospital, a team of doctors from AIIMS would go there to conduct regular check ups. Jaitley, he said, is likely to be discharged on Wednesday.
Jaitley was shifted to the AIIMS from the Max on Sunday. "He is doing fine. He has been advised rest," said Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan.
#arun jaitley #tracking the modi government #aiims #harsh vardhan
Jaitley was shifted to the AIIMS from the Max on Sunday. "He is doing fine. He has been advised rest," said Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan.
The 61-year-old minister had undergone a planned diabetes management surgery on September 2 and was re-admitted after three week for a post surgery check up.
0

Government asks realty firm to focus on building homes for LIG/EWSSep 29, 2014 at 06:58pm IST
Government asks realty firm to focus on building homes for LIG/EWS
8
0
New Delhi: Real estate developers should focus on addressing the housing demand of lower income group and economically weaker section, a senior government official said on Monday.
Addressing a real estate conference, Ministry of Housing & Urban Poverty Alleviation Joint Secretary Karan Bir Singh Sidhu said that there is shortage of about 2 crore houses in the country, of which maximum exists for the EWS/LIG section of society.
"Organised real estate must address the demand of LIG and EWS," he said at a conference organised by the Indian Chamber of Commerce. He asked the developers to move on from a low volume-high margin business to low margin-larger volume business.
"Organised real estate must address the demand of LIG and EWS," Ministry of Housing & Urban Poverty Alleviation Joint Secretary Karan Bir Singh Sidhu said.
#lig #ews #karan bir singh sidhu #real estate
Noting that supply is more in the middle income and luxury segment, Sidhu said the private sector also has an important role to play in providing homes to LIG/EWS section.
Speaking on the occasion, the apex realtors' body Credai Chairman Lalit Kumar Jain demanded online approval of realty projects to create housing supply and bring down prices. He also mentioned that the sentiments have improved in the sector but ground realities have not changed.
"It takes upto 2-3 years to take environmental and aviation clearance for developing real estate projects," Jain said. Realty firm SARE Homes MD Vineet Relia stressed on the need for ease of doing business and ease of financing for the long-term growth of the real estate sector.
Industry is facing a huge slowdown in demand due to high interest rate regime and costlier homes resulting into severe liquidity crunch.
1

Centre seeks officials on deputation for Seventh Pay CommissionSep 29, 2014 at 06:51pm IST
Centre seeks officials on deputation for Seventh Pay Commission
5
0
New Delhi: The Centre has sought applications for filling up posts in the Seventh Pay Commission on deputation basis. Applications are invited for six posts of Under Secretary, five posts of Section Officer, and one each of Assistant and Upper Division Clerk (UDC), as per a circular posted on the website of Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT).
The officials should not have crossed the age of 56 years as on the closing date of receipt of application, said that the circular issued on September 23, seeking applications within 15 days time.
The Centre had on February 28 this year appointed the Seventh Central Pay Commission with Justice Ashok Kumar Mathur as its Chairman. The Commission is headquartered in Delhi and has been given 18 months from date of its constitution to make its recommendations.
The Centre had on February 28 this year appointed the Seventh Central Pay Commission with Justice Ashok Kumar Mathur as its Chairman.

J&K: NC seeks  massive  funding for reconstruction work8
0
Jammu: Expressing concern over loss of life and property due to floods and landslides in the state, the National Conference on Monday sought a massive central assistance for rehabilitation of flood victims and reconstruction of damaged infrastructure.
"We seek a massive central assistance for rehabilitation of flood sufferers and reconstruction of damaged infrastructure in Jammu and Kashmir", NC Chief for Jammu Province, Devender Singh Rana said, after concluding a week-long visit of the most-hit areas of the region on Monday.
"The natural calamity has wrecked the entire state, rendered Kashmir in deluge and caused widespread damage in the Jammu region", he said. He said over 15,000 dwelling units are totally damaged and 35,000 partially due to flash-floods and landslides in various districts of the Jammu region.
"We seek a massive central assistance for rehabilitation of flood sufferers and reconstruction of damaged infrastructure in Jammu and Kashmir", NC Chief for Jammu Province, Devender Singh Rana said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #nc #devender singh rana
"Massive damage have also been caused to standing crops, livestock and public utility services. Besides, nearly 200 causalities have been reported from the Jammu region, among the total of 300 casualties in the state", he said, adding, though the Omar-led government undertook timely rescue and relief operations yet more is required to be done on an immediate basis.
"For this purpose a massive central funding has become imperative", he added. While hailing preliminary compensation of Rs 75,000 per fully-damaged house, the Provincial President urged the Centre to enhance it to Rs 5 lakh, as recommended by the chief minister.
Rana briefed the party functionaries about the damage caused in the region in general and Poonch, Rajouri, Udhampur, Reasi and Jammu districts in particular. He lauded the administrative response in the hour of crisis and said the time has now come when the government is required to pool up all resources and speed up the rehabilitation and relief measures.
He said working season being limited and the winter not far away, the situation calls for a holistic view in terms of realistic assessment of the damage. "Accordingly, the assistance is needed to be released so that rehabilitation and reconstruction is taken up on war - footing", he maintained.
"This is the time when the people of Jammu and Kashmir should rise above party politics and put a united front to ensure some sort of respite to those who lost everything in devastating floods", he said. "This is not something new for a party that has all along identified itself with peoples' agonies and shared these unequivocally", he said.
1

PM s U.S. Visit: Narendra Modi Invites Indian-American Business Leaders To IndiaPM s U.S. Visit: Narendra Modi Invites Indian-American Business Leaders To India
Asian Games: Tennis gold continue to elude India  Saketh  Sanam get silverAsian Games: Tennis gold continue to elude India  Saketh  Sanam get silver
India will Be the 2nd largest market for data center infra In APAC: ReportIndia will Be the 2nd largest market for data center infra In APAC: Report
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 18:59  IST
Sep 29 2014, 18:59  IST
 

J&K flood losses in excess of Rs one lakhcrorePress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 29, 2014 7:00 pm
Jammu and Kashmir government Monday said the preliminary assessment of cumulative losses due to floods in the state was in excess of Rs 1,00,000 crore and expressed hope that the Centre will go out of its way to provide succour to the affected people.
“The losses due to floods including the (private) businesses is in excess of Rs one lakh crore,” state Chief Secretary Mohammad Iqbal Khandey told reporters here.
The Chief Secretary said the state government was in the process of preparing a detailed memorandum of losses due to floods which shall be submitted to the Centre by this weekend.
“We are in the process of preparing the memo.It will be approved by the Cabinet and should be sent to the Centre by the weekend,” he said.
“We are extremely optimistic that the Government of India will go out of its way to provide succour to the affected people,” Khandey said.
He said Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has written a letter to the Union Government, requesting a special package for the rehabilitation of the flood affected people of the state.
“We have requested Rs 5 lakh compensation for each fully damaged pucca house and Rs two lakh each for partially damaged pucca houses,” he said.
Giving details of the damages to various sectors, the Chief Secretary said more than 3.50 lakh structures – mostly residential houses – have been damaged in the floods, which were the worst in the state over the past 112 years.
“More than 83,000 ‘pucca’ houses have been fully damaged while 96,089 such houses have suffered partial damage.
Similarly, 21,162 ‘kucha’ houses have been fully damaged while 54,264 such houses have been partially damaged,” he added.
“The crop losses have been to the tune of Rs 5611 crore including Rs 1568 crore losses to the horticulture sector,” he said, adding 6.5 lakh hectares of land has been affected by the deluge.
“Over 10,000 milch animals and 33,000 sheep and got perished in the floods,” he said.
Khandey said Tourism infrastructure and government residential colonies have suffered losses to the tune of Rs 5,000 crore.
“These are all preliminary estimates. A detailed assessment is presently underway,” he said.
The Chief Secretary said 6,000 km of road length has been damaged while 3,000 water supply schemes were affected.
In the power sector, he said 3000 sub stations were damaged while in the Flood Control, 6000 ongoing works were affected.
“We have been able to temporarily restore some of the water supply schemes while electricity supply has been restored in over 90 per cent areas of the state,” he added.
Director General of Police K Rajendra Kumar, who was among several officers accompanying Khandey at the media briefing, said the department had suffered losses to buildings and equipment worth Rs 350 crores.
He said the police continued…

Despite breakup  BJP extends support to Shiv Sena candidate inVasaiComments
The BJP may have snapped ties with Shiv Sena, but it has decided to support the latter’s sitting MLA from Vasai, Vivek Pandit, on the ground of fighting “criminalisation of politics”.
In a letter to Pandit, BJP leader Vinod Tawde said his party’s official nominee Shekar Duri would withdraw from the constituency in Palghar district in support of Pandit.
According to the letter, Pandit had been fighting against goondaism and taking on anti-social elements in the Vasai-Virar region, an extended suburb of Mumbai.
“BJP is strictly against criminalisation of politics. We will not tolerate any kind of hooliganism in any region of our State. Therefore, we have decided to support Vivek Pandit so that anti-social activities can be stopped in the region,” the leader of Opposition in Council said on Monday.
As per the missive, in the past Pandit had taken part in an agitation launched by late BJP leader Gopinath Munde to get the region rid of criminal elements.
BJP said it firmly believes that people with clean image should be elected as legislators.
The letter nowhere mentions Shiv Sena by name and repeatedly refers to Pandit, whom it described as a “person who had been fighting an unending battle against goonda raj” in the region.
Last week, BJP ended its 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Sena after several rounds of failed talks on sharing of Assembly seats for the October 15 polls.

Rahul  Sonia assure full support to flood-affected people inJ&KCongress president Sonia Gandhi along with party Vice President Rahul Gandhi meeting with flood affected people at Dehruna village of Anantnag district of South Kashmir on Monday. (Source:PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Anantnag | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:44 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 3:20 pm
Congress president Sonia Gandhi and the party’s vice-president Rahul Gandhi interacted with villagers during their visit to flood-hit Wantpora Dhurama village in South Kashmir on Monday.
Around 41 houses in this hamlet, located about 68 km away from Srinagar, were damaged by the floods on September 5. The 19 families of this village lost every household item in the calamity and could not control their emotions when Sonia and Rahul reached a relief camp in the village.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi along with party Vice President Rahul Gandhi during a meeting with flood affected people at Dehruna village of Anantnag district of South Kashmir on Monday. (Source: PTI)
An old villager Ghulam Qadir told the Congress leaders that he lost everything he had earned over six decades and also spoke of how difficult it would be to spend the winter months in temporary shelters. Some families also told Sonia that generous funding from the Centre was needed to enable the flood victims to start their lives afresh.
Congress president was accompanied by leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad and J&K Pradesh Congress president Saifuddin Soz.
Sonia Gandhi and senior leader Ghulam Nabi Azad meeting with a flood affected family at Dehruna village of Anantnag district of South Kashmir on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Moved by the plight of the flood victims, Rahul said that before winter, they would make arrangements for providing relief to the affected families.
Sonia and Rahul also made an aerial survey of the flood-affected villages and visited some hamlets in Central Kashmir’s Berwah village. The Congress president also distributed relief kits among the affected villagers.
Sonia also held a review meeting in the evening during which senior leaders briefed her about the damages caused by the floods.
On Tuesday, Sonia and Rahul will be visiting Poonch and Rajouri districts of Jammu and Kashmir. “Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi were moved by the devastations caused by the floods in the state. They promised to help the people,” J&K state Congress president Saifudin Soz told The Indian Express.

PM Emphasises India s Economic Potential over Breakfast with CEOsCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the US to hard sell India as an investment destination, today told CEOs of 11 American companies over breakfast that infrastructure development is a big opportunity that creates jobs.
He also said, "We want to convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past."
Last week, the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal block allocations made by the government over the past two decades. It ruled that they were allotted through an "ad-hoc and casual" approach, affecting public interest by the "unfair distribution of the national wealth - coal."
The coal blocks are now free to be auctioned or allotted again. Industry has said it fears that the judgement will raise questions on the sanctity of government policies and impact the investment climate.
Among the 11 CEOs that Mr Modi met over breakfast this morning are Google's Eric Schmidt and PepsiCo's Indira Nooyi. "Business more than breakfast is on agenda," said an official of the ministry of external affairs.
Ms Nooyi described it as a "good meeting with the PM."
Mr Modi now heads into one-on-one meetings of 15 to 20 minutes each with six other CEOs - W. James (Jim) McNerney Jr, chairman of Boeing; Laurence D. Fink, CEO of American multinational investment management firm BlackRock; Ginni Rometty, president and CEO of IBM; Jeffrey R. Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric; Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs, and Henry Kravis, CEO of American private equity fund Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co (KKR).
The Prime Minister is also expected to pitch for big investment in the manufacturing sector, which is the biggest job creator.
The Modi government has vowed to increase the share of the manufacturing sector to 25 per cent of the GDP from 15 per cent currently. For this, the sector needs to grow at 10 per cent annually. Hours before he left for the US last week, Prime Minister Modi launched the ambitious "Make in India" campaign, where he promised red carpet treatment for investors minus the red tape that has come to be associated with doing business in India.
On Sunday, at a packed Madison Square Garden in New York, the Prime Minister repeated that promise and vowed to repeal archaic laws and make investing easier in the country.
Mr Modi carried gift packs of tea from India for the CEOs he met. Each box is signed by the Prime Minister.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 19:20 (IST)

PVR to raise Rs 500 crore through QIPSep 29, 2014, 07.19 PM IST  | Source: PTI
PVR to raise Rs 500 crore through QIP
It also approved management services agreement with its JV firm PVR bluO Entertainment. Moreover, Ajay Bijli along with five independent directors has been appointed.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PVR to raise Rs 500 crore through QIP
It also approved management services agreement with its JV firm PVR bluO Entertainment. Moreover, Ajay Bijli along with five independent directors has been appointed.
Post your opinion here
 
Multiplex operator PVR  today said that its board has approve plans to raise Rs 500 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP).
The board in its Annual General Meeting authorised PVR to raise the fund, PVR informed the BSE.
It also approved management services agreement with its JV firm PVR bluO Entertainment. Moreover, Ajay Bijli along with five independent directors has been appointed.
The independent directors are -- Sanjay Kapoor, Sanjay Khanna, Vikram Bakshi, Sanjai Vohra and Amit Burmam. On July 31, PVR had said that it would Rs 500 crore through QIP for any inorganic growth or acquisition. Shares of the company today closed at Rs 700.85 apiece on the BSE, down 0.34 per cent from previous close.
PVR stock price
On November 21, 2014, PVR closed at Rs 711.05, down Rs 11.95, or 1.65 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 746.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 465.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 8.90 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 79.89. The latest book value of the company is Rs 94.59 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.52.
RELATED NEWS

We need to connect more with customers  expand our network: Guillaume SicardWe need to connect more with customers  expand our network: Guillaume Sicard
Can create enough cash to handle debt: Strides ArcolabCan create enough cash to handle debt: Strides Arcolab
Rajan likely to hold onto key rates tomorrowRajan likely to hold onto key rates tomorrow
Problem Solver: Autistic teen s care threatened by...With the clock ticking and no resolution in sight,  Grzywa emailed "What's Your Problem?" on Aug. 22.
"It's very important," she said.
The Problem Solver contacted Januari Smith, a spokeswoman for the Illinois Department of Human Services, and forwarded Aaron's information. The next day, a department representative called Grzywa and told her the agency had straightened things out.
Smith blamed the error on a "system glitch."
"Under statute, a case is automatically cancelled when a child turns 19. In this particular instance, there were two simultaneous active cases in the system — one for his care prior to turning 19 and another in anticipation of him turning 19," Smith said in an email. "Unfortunately, when the system automatically cancelled the case when he turned 19, it also affected the other case. This is very rare."
Smith said the administration is committed to providing services and support to help people with developmental disabilities live more independently.
"Therefore, we quickly reviewed the case and fixed the issue to ensure Aaron continues to receive necessary services," Smith said. "We have personally reached out to his mother and the provider to assure them that the issue has been resolved."
"It was just a quirky, weird thing," Grzywa said.
Grzywa said the Department of Human Services  representative told her that future bills should be paid without issue. The agency backdated the switch to the Medicaid transition date, meaning the unpaid bills from Aaron's providers will also be paid, she said.
Importantly, Aaron's services will continue uninterrupted.
Grzywa said she's still frustrated that she could not get a response from the Department of Human Services  before she contacted the Problem Solver, but she's ecstatic the situation has  been resolved.
"We should be good," she said. "I'm just very happy."
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Afghanistan Electionafghanistan election
Renault drives Duster to next level in IndiaFrench auto major Renault on September 24, 2014 expanded its product range in India with the launch of all wheel drive (AWD) version of mid-sized sports utility vehicle Duster, priced between Rs 11.89 lakh and Rs 12.99 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
ADVERTISEMENT

Energy ties to be focus of PM Modi s first US visitSet for a Good Start
On his maiden trip, Modi will focus on deepening India's energy ties with the US.
Anilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan    Edition: Oct 12, 2014
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
When the global leaders meet in September for the UN General Assembly Session in New York, the spotlight undoubtedly will be on the meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama on the sidelines. After addressing the Assembly on September 27, Modi will fly to Washington DC for a dinner with Obama at the White House on September 29 and to attend a business meeting the next day. While officials at the Ministry of External Affairs have yet to finalise the agenda for the meeting, they have struck a cautious note. "We should not expect too much from the US trip," a senior diplomat told Business Today. Political pundits and senior diplomats believe that the meeting will break the ice between the two leaders before they meet again in November in Brisbane for the G20 Summit.
In the last three years, Indo-US relations have faced several hiccups. The bilateral civil nuclear deal made no headway and India could not open the market for US players in multi-brand retail. US diplomats have been working extra hard to mend fences with Modi as Washington had denied him a visa since 2005. Ever since Modi became the PM, three US secretaries have visited New Delhi. Behind the scenes, Democratic Senator from Virginia Mark Warner and Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard have been working hard to bring the relations back on track.
Modi will try to attract investment in clean energy technology during his US visit
Before leaving for the US on September 25, Modi will reach out to global CEOs to seek investment in infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. On September 28, he will address the Indian Diaspora at the historic Madison Square Garden in New York at a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation, a newly floated body comprising 300 US-based organisations.
UPDATE: Think FDI as 'First Develop India': Narendra Modi
At Washington, Warner, the Democratic Co-Chair of the Senate India Caucus, is pushing for a change in the US agenda on the defence-offset regime and policies on community colleges in India. He has also sought a lifting of the FDI cap in some sectors and asked the administration to name a senior official for defence trade, review of tourist visa policy and more high-skill visas that would help Indian IT firms. "An agreement and announcements on this could be expected," says a former Indian ambassador to the US.
Meanwhile, former foreign secretary Kanwal Sibal says it is most likely that the civil nuclear deal will not be on the agenda. "At current electricity prices, US reactors are unviable. The US now understands that altering the nuclear liability law is not easy. So it is out," he says.
The defence purchase plan is also likely to go on the backburner. "India is not keen on a manufacturing tie-up for javelin missiles offered by the US. Getting technology transfers from the US is tedious. India might have to look at other players like Israel, Russia, France and the UK," says a senior diplomat.
Experts say Modi might try to ensure gas supply from the US and seek aid in shale gas exploration. The PM will also try to bring in more investments in clean energy technology. India had recently done away with the anti-dumping duty on solar energy equipment to encourage the renewable energy sector. "The focus is on tapping solar and wind energy. We expect more MoUs in this vertical," says Robinder Sachdev, chief of the India chapter of the US-India Political Affairs Committee.

Resources: Sheila Talton  Gray MatterResources: Sheila Talton, Gray Matter
Resources: Sheila Talton, Gray Matter
Sheila Talton, CEO of Gray Matter Analytics, on what it really means to use your resources.
Sheila Talton, CEO of Gray Matter Analytics, on what it really means to use your resources.

Samsung launches Galaxy AlphaNEW DELHI, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 23:37 IST
Samsung launches Galaxy Alpha
The Hindu Asim Warsi (left), Vice President, Mobile & IT, and S. K. Kim (right), MD, Sales, Samsung India, with Lara Dutta, Bollywood actress, at a press conference in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: Kamal Narang
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
The phone is powered by an octa-core processor with 2GB RAM, and comes with a 4.7-inch HD Super AMOLED screen.
With the festival season kicking off, Samsung, on Saturday, launched a new Alpha smartphone in India with a price tag of Rs.39,990. The phone, which will be available from the first week of October, is a departure from the trademark Galaxy design of the Korean technology giant.
Features
The phone is powered by an octa-core processor with 2GB RAM, and comes with a 4.7-inch HD Super AMOLED screen. It has a 12 MP rear camera and 2.1MP front camera with 1860 mAh battery and 32GB internal storage.
The company said Galaxy Alpha was the slimmest device ever in the series at 6.7 mm and weighs 115 gram.
It also has 4G LTE capability. The company has tied up with Bharti Airtel wherein customers will get 5 GB of 4G data for two months in circles where the operator has launched 4G services.
Asim Warsi, Vice-President, Mobile & IT, Samsung India, said, “With an entirely new appearance, the Galaxy Alpha focuses on both beauty and functionality combining a stunning metal frame and slim, light weight design with the same powerful hardware and features users expect from a flagship Galaxy mobile device.”

George Clooney weds Amal Alamuddin in VeniceUpdated: September 28, 2014 14:03 IST
George Clooney weds Amal Alamuddin in Venice
IANS
AP Actor George Clooney smiles from a boat as he cruises Canal Grande on his way to his wedding with Amal Alamuddin in Venice.
TOPICS
cinema
Actor George Clooney and human rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin are now husband and wife.
“George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin were married on Saturday in a private ceremony in Venice, Italy,” the actor’s representative said in a statement, reports people.com.
The two were married by Walter Veltroni, former mayor of Rome.
The much-anticipated wedding, attended by families and celebrities like Matt Damon and John Krasinski, follows a series of celebratory events leading up to Saturday’s nuptials.
At sunset on Saturday, crowds cheered along Venice’s Grand Canal as Clooney and his guests boated to the Aman hotel.
Clooney and Alamuddin were first spotted stepping out together in London last October and since then they’ve embarked on a series of globe-trotting travels, including a trip to Tanzania in March and a getaway to the Seychelles.
Clooney was earlier married to actress Talia Balsam from 1989 to 1993.

Hong Kong Police Use Tear Gas To Clear ProtestersHong Kong Police Use Tear Gas To Clear Protesters
 | By                                                                KELVIN CHAN
reddit
HONG KONG (AP) -- Hong Kong police used tear gas Sunday and warned of further measures as they tried to clear thousands of pro-democracy protesters who had gathered outside government headquarters in a challenge to Beijing over its decision to restrict democratic reforms for the semiautonomous city.
After spending hours holding the protesters at bay, police lobbed canisters of tear gas into the crowd on Sunday evening. The searing fumes sent demonstrators fleeing down the road, but many came right back to continue their protest.
Students and activists have been camped out on the streets outside the government complex since late Friday. Students started the rally, but by early Sunday leaders of the broader Occupy Central civil disobedience movement said they were joining them to kick-start a long-threatened mass sit-in to demand that an election for Hong Kong's leader be held without Beijing's interference.
Police fire tear gas upon pro-democracy demonstrators near the Hong Kong government headquarters.
Police used the tear gas after the protest spiraled into an extraordinary scene of chaos, with the demonstrators jamming a busy road and clashing with officers wielding pepper spray.
The protesters were trying to reach a mass sit-in being held outside government headquarters to demand Beijing grant genuine democratic reforms to the former British colony.
"It was very cruel for the police to use such harsh violence on protesters who had been completely peaceful," said one of the demonstrators, Cecily Lui, a 30-year-old clerk. "They were just sitting down on the road asking to speak with (Hong Kong leader) Leung Chun-ying to start a dialogue. Now, police have solved nothing and students are more resolved to stay."
After using the tear gas, police issued a statement urging the protesters to "leave peacefully and orderly."
"Otherwise police will use a higher level of force in order to restore public order and safeguard public safety," the statement warned.
A pro-democracy demonstrator runs as police fired tear gas towards protesters.
The demonstrations -- which Beijing called "illegal" -- were a rare scene of disorder in the Asian financial hub, and highlighted authorities' inability to rein in the public discontent over Beijing's tightening grip on the city. The protesters reject Beijing's decision last month to rule out open nominations for candidates under proposed guidelines for the first-ever elections for Hong Kong's leader, promised for 2017.
China took control of the former British colony in 1997, agreeing to a policy of "one country, two systems" that allowed Hong Kong to keep civil liberties unseen on the mainland, while promising that the city's leader can eventually be chosen through "universal suffrage." But Beijing's insistence on screening election candidates for patriotism to China has stoked fears among democracy groups that Hong Kong will never get genuine democracy.
Earlier Sunday, thousands of protesters who tried to join the sit-in breached a police cordon, spilling out onto a busy highway and causing traffic to come to a standstill.
Pro-democracy demonstrators rally near the Hong Kong government headquarters.
Police officers in a buffer zone manned barricades and doused the protesters with pepper spray carried in backpacks. The demonstrators, who tried at one point to rip apart metal barricades, carried umbrellas to deflect the spray by the police, who were wearing helmets and respirators.
Police had told those involved in what they also call an illegal gathering to leave the scene as soon as possible, warning that otherwise they would begin to clear the area and make arrests.
After police used the tear gas, the protesters chanted "Shame on C.Y. Leung," referring to the city's deeply unpopular Beijing-backed leader. To many, it seemed to mark a major shift for Hong Kong, whose residents have long felt their city stood apart from mainland China thanks to its guaranteed civil liberties and separate legal and financial systems.
Riot police launch tear gas into the crowd as thousands of protesters surround the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong "has changed to a new era so the people have to be awakened. It's no longer the old Hong Kong," said one protester, W.T. Chung, 46, who yelled at police officers after they used the tear gas.
Earlier, police said they had arrested 78 people since demonstrations started late Friday, though all but three were released.
Leung said Hong Kong's government was "resolute in opposing the unlawful occupation" of the government offices or the financial district by Occupy Central.
"The police are determined to handle the situation appropriately in accordance with the law," he said at a news conference.
A pro-democracy protester wears plastic wrap to protect himself from pepper spray.
The Chinese government agency that handles Hong Kong affairs condemned the protests.
"China's central government firmly opposes illegal acts taking place in Hong Kong," and fully supports the local government in handling the matter according to the law, the official Xinhua News Agency quoted the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council as saying.
Protest organizers said police took away several pro-democracy legislators who were among the demonstrators.
Among the protesters was media magnate Jimmy Lai, who owns the popular Apple Daily, Hong Kong's sole pro-democracy newspaper.
___
Associated Press writers Louise Watt and Joanna Chiu contributed to this report.
More:

PM Modi needs a more business-friendly stancePM Narendra Modi needs a more business-friendly stance
Kate Duguid     New York   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 14:35 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi used his speech at Madison Square Garden to make an emotional sales pitch on Sunday morning. His suggestion that Indian-Americans invest freely in their ancestral land was met with wild cheers from the capacity crowd. But even for a politician with a rock star's popularity, the country's business-unfriendly reputation remains a formidable obstacle.
Modi has chosen his target well. The prime minister's five-day visit to the United States is unlikely to lead to the kind of multibillion-dollar deals he recently signed with Japan and China.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
The Modi-government's decision to stall a World Trade Organization (WTO) agreement on harmonising customs standards has irked the American corporate world. Before their members loosen their purse strings, lobby groups want US President Barack Obama to press the prime minister to remove barriers to freer trade in everything from agriculture to pharmaceuticals and telecom.
Instead of seeking the buy-in of big business for his recently launched 'Make in India' campaign, Modi appealed to the Indian-American community to invest in "our motherland". In return, he promised a lifetime visa for anyone able to prove Indian origin.
But it will take more than a relaxed immigration policy to crowd-source investment dollars. A severe power shortage and inadequate transport infrastructure dim the country's appeal as a destination for labour-intensive manufacturing. A "doing business" rank of 134 among 189 economies covered by the World Bank doesn't help, either.
Modi gets the challenge. " Ease of business " would be a priority, he said, promising the Indian-American community that there would be "no more running from pillar to post to deal with the government." Nor would he repeat the folly of previous governments of "making one law after another." Fulfilling those promises, though, will take an equal commitment from stodgy state governments - getting them to change their tune will be the real test of the prime minister's business-friendly riff.
(The author is a Reuters Breakingviews columnist. The opinions expressed are her own.)

BlackBerry Passport smartphone launched in India  priced at Rs 49 990E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Doha Bank to buy HSBC Bank Oman s India assets  calls shareholder meetDoha Bank to buy HSBC Bank Oman's India assets, calls shareholder meet
Reuters | Dubai Sep 29, 2014 12:28 PM IST
The board of Qatar's Doha Bank has authorised the purchase of the Indian assets of HSBC Bank Oman, and has called a shareholder meeting in November to approve the deal, it said in a statement on Monday.
 
No value for the transaction was given in the statement to the Qatar Stock Exchange.
 
HSBC Bank Oman, an affiliate of HSBC Holding, said in April it had approved the sale of its Indian business to Doha Bank. The Omani lender said then it had two branches and gross assets worth Rs 350 crore ($57 million) at the end of 2013.
 
Shareholders at the meeting will also be asked to approve the bank's issuing of debt instruments of up to $2 billion, with no single deal exceeding $750 million, it said.
 
Doha Bank, Qatar's fifth-largest lender by assets, has sold one bond before: a $500 million five-year issue in March 2012, which priced at a spread of 262.5 basis points over midswaps.
 
The offering was trading at a z-spread of 97.3 bps at 0630 GMT.
(Reporting by Tom Arnold; Editing by Andrew Torchia and David French)

Afghan President Ghani calls for peace talks with TalibanAfghan President Ghani calls for peace talks with Taliban
Jayalalithaa in jail  AIADMK workers out on streets across Tamil NaduE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CEO (Equities) Ambit InvestmentCEO (Equities)
Ambit Investment
Andrew, since 2008, leads the institutional equities and the investment advisory business at Ambit Capital. He currently focuses and leads the investment advisory business at Ambit Capital as CEO. Prior to joining Ambit, he was the managing director - strategic investment group for Merrill Lynch in India. Prior to that, he was the chief administrative Officer and head of research at Merrill Lynch in India. He successfully built DSP Merrill Lynch to a rated research broking house rated by Asia Money, Institutional Investor and Greenwich. He has also worked with County Nat West, Barclays (BZW) and Credit Suisse. He has completed his business studies examinations at the London Stock Exchange.
ABOUT Andrew Holland
Andrew, since 2008, leads the institutional equities and the investment advisory business at Ambit Capital. He currently focuses and leads the investment advisory business at Ambit Capital as CEO. Prior to joining Ambit, he was the managing director - strategic investment group for Merrill Lynch in India. Prior to that, he was the chief administrative Officer and head of research at Merrill Lynch in India. He successfully built DSP Merrill Lynch to a rated research broking house rated by Asia Mo...

US lawmaker gifts Gita to ModiNew York, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 17:15 IST
US lawmaker gifts Gita to Modi
PTI
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi recieves a copy of the Bhagavad Gita from Member of House of Representatives Tulsi Gabbard during a meeting in New York on Sunday. PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is being greeted with a garland by Member of House of Representatives Tulsi Gabbard during a meeting in New York on Sunday. PTI
VIDEO
Gita
Tulsi Gabbard, the only Hindu member of the US Congress, gifted her personal copy saying it was a gesture to express her love for India.
Influential lawmaker Tulsi Gabbard, the only Hindu member of the US Congress, met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New York and presented her personal copy of Bhagavad Gita to him, saying it was a gesture to express her love for India.
Gabbard, a 33-year-old US Democrat Congresswoman from Hawaii, called on the Prime Minister at his hotel here.
She presented to the Prime Minister a copy of Gita, which she had held in her hand when she took oath while being sworn in to the US House of Representative.
“Gita I gave u I had since child, took shelter of in Mid East war zone duty, took Congressional Oath on,” she tweeted after her meeting with Modi.
“Today I was very honoured to have the opportunity to meet with Prime Minister Modi, where I presented him with a gift of my personal copy of the Bhagavad Gita,” she wrote on her Facebook page.
“Nothing could have been more special and valuable to me than this Gita which I have had with me since a child,” she added.
“It is said that the greatest gift you can give someone is that which is of the greatest value to you, because it is a personal sacrifice to give up something which is very dear to you. So my presenting of my personal Bhagavad Gita to the Prime Minister was my way of expressing just how deep my affection and love is for India, for the Prime Minister, and for the people of India who he represents,” she added.
Gabbard was also present at the Madison Square reception hosted by Indian-Americans for Modi.
“It was great to hear his message of peace and friendship at his address to an energised crowd at New York’s renowned Madison Square Garden,” she said after Modi’s address to NRIs.

Misprision of felonyBy Eugene Volokh September 29 Follow @volokhc
Richard Baumgartner, a Tennessee state judge, took up paying a former defendant in his court (Deena Castleman) to buy drugs for him. (He also had a sexual relationship with her.) He was ultimately convicted of “misprision of felony.” The federal definition of misprision requires that, “(1) the principal committed and completed the felony alleged; (2) the defendant had knowledge of the fact; (3) the defendant failed to notify the authorities; and (4) the defendant took affirmative steps to conceal the crime of the principal.” Here’s Baumgartner’s misprision (in the court of appeals’ view, see United States v. Baumgartner (6th Cir. Sept. 24, 2014) ) (some paragraph breaks added throughout the quotations):
Castleman … found herself facing criminal charges in Knox County for aggravated burglary and was scheduled for a preliminary hearing before Judge Andrew Jackson of the Knox County General Sessions Court in February 2010. Judge Jackson testified that, prior to the hearing, Baumgartner came to speak with him about Castleman:
I was on my way to court, and I was approached by Richard Baumgartner, who said he had this woman who was in drug court, was doing very well, was turning her life around, and that she picked up some new charges. He didn’t think these charges were any good and wanted me to take a look at the case.
… Two months later, Baumgartner tried to arrange for Castleman to stay at the YWCA’s transitional housing unit. When the YWCA housing director suspected that Castleman was on drugs, he directed that she be tested. Baumgartner tried to assist Castleman in her effort to use someone else’s urine sample. When that sample tested positive for drug use, Baumgartner called the housing director and said that Castleman had actually passed the drug test. The director did not believe Baumgartner and did not admit Castleman into the housing unit….
Baumgartner also lied to Tennessee Juvenile Court Magistrate Judge Stan Briggs, who issued a warrant for Castleman’s arrest for contempt for failure to pay child support. In August 2010, Baumgartner told Briggs that he was “working with” Castleman in criminal court, and Briggs therefore vacated the arrest warrant and released Castleman on her own recognizance….
Finally, in October 2010, Baumgartner spoke about Castleman to Jeffrey Blevins, the assistant district attorney who was prosecuting her for burglary, larceny, drug, and DUI charges, the exact nature of which is unspecified in the record. As Blevins put it, Baumgartner said that Castleman was or had been in his drug court, “what a fine drug court person she was, she was having a little bit of trouble, and that he would like me to do for her what I could. And I was somewhat surprised at that.”
The court of appeals concluded that this concealment-by-telling-lies was indeed misprision. First, it concluded that the statute isn’t limited to statements “made to federal authorities.”
An example may help illustrate the point. If a man grows marijuana on his farm with the intent to distribute, he commits a felony under federal law. If he builds a barbed-wire fence around the farm to prevent the felony’s discovery, he is guilty of misprision. And his guilt does not depend on whether, for example, he was already under investigation by federal agents at the time that he built the fence. Nor does it depend on whether the government could prove that it would likely have discovered the farmer’s operation were it not for the fence. The statute prohibits “concealment,” not “successful concealment” or “concealment from federal authorities.”
The parties would not appear to dispute these points. If instead of building a fence, the farmer simply told all visitors to his farm that he was growing horsemint, not marijuana, he would likewise be guilty of misprision. Just as he built the fence to conceal the felony in the first example, in the second example, he made statements to conceal the felony. And just as it did not matter whether federal authorities would ever have discovered his marijuana crop in the absence of the fence, it does not matter whether they would have discovered it had he not lied to his non-federal-agent visitors. In other words, as mentioned, there is no basis in logic or in the statute for distinguishing between physical acts of misprision and verbal acts….
In addition, as the government points out, several cases in other circuits have affirmed convictions where the statements concealing the felony were not made to federal authorities or where the act of concealment did not involve them. These cases include United States v. Walkes, 410 F. App’x 800 (5th Cir.2011) (affirming defendant’s conviction where his acts of concealment consisted of falsely telling his employees that the company’s Medicare and Medicaid billing practices were legal); United States v. Robinson, 344 F. App’x 990, 991 (5th Cir.2009) (affirming defendant’s conviction where his act of concealment consisted of agreeing to be billed by a third-party credit-card processor identified as “ADSOFT” for his child-pornography images, “which necessarily obscured the illicit nature of the transaction”); United States v. White Eagle, 721 F.3d 1108 (9th Cir.2013) (affirming defendant’s conviction for misprision of a loan-fraud scheme where defendant falsely told a private citizen that the citizen’s deceased wife had outstanding loans in her name that had to be repaid); and United States v. Sessions, 2000 WL 1456903, at (8th Cir. Oct. 2, 2000) (affirming defendant’s misprision conviction where defendant misled state or local police officers about the burglary of a gun store).
And in this instance, the court says, the statements did indeed constitute concealment:
Baumgartner knew about the conspiracy [between Castleman and her suppliers and others] …. [And] Baumgartner took affirmative steps to conceal the actual commission of the felony. The government, at closing argument, explained how the evidence at trial showed that Baumgartner concealed the felony:
[Baumgartner] concealed and covered up Deena Castleman’s crimes. Every time he approached these people and painted this false picture of who Deena Castleman was, it was to deflect attention away from Deena Castleman.
What was his reason for doing that? Well, one, he knew that he wanted access to Deena Castleman because, when Deena Castleman is behind bars, she can’t take his money to go get drugs for him. When Deena Castleman is behind bars, she can’t perform oral sex on him.
But there’s another reason why he had to conceal and cover up what Deena Castleman was really doing and who she really was criminally. It exposed him. He was at risk, because if people start asking questions and reports start being made and the gentlemen with the TBI [Tennessee Bureau of Investigation] get involved, that’s not good for him, that is not good for the Defendant.
Because several things will happen, things that he does not want to have happen. When law enforcement gets involved and people start asking questions, that sex is going to stop, the pills are going to stop, perhaps most importantly, he becomes the target of a criminal investigation.
He could not have that. That’s why he lied, that’s why he took the initiative to go seek all these people out. Again, we wouldn’t be here if he had kept his mouth shut, because the law doesn’t require people to notify the authorities when crimes have been committed. But the law does require you to keep from covering up other people’s crimes. That’s why we’re here.
… [T]he question is not whether the content of the statements concealed the felony; rather, it is whether his making the statements — his efforts to protect Castleman — concealed the felony. And a reasonable juror could conclude that they did.
All of the statements proved against Baumgartner were designed to keep Castleman out of the clutches of law enforcement and to keep her placated with respect to Baumgartner’s relationship with her. In these respects, each statement could have had the effect of making the detection of the conspiracy more difficult. If Castleman were treated by law enforcement and the transitional housing director as a “good drug court candidate” who was “turning her life around,” it would have been considerably less likely that she would have been investigated further and connected with a wide-ranging drug conspiracy — one that involved Baumgartner himself. Whether he in fact intended such concealment was a matter reasonably left for the jury to determine. Based on the evidence adduced at trial, a rational juror could have agreed that concealment occurred and was intended.
The court also concluded that the statute didn’t violate the First Amendment, even though some lies do have some First Amendment protection (under Alvarez, the Stolen Valor Act).
“[C]ontent-based restrictions on speech have been permitted … when confined to the few historic and traditional categories of expression long familiar to the bar.” Alvarez, 132 S.Ct. at 2544 (quotation and alteration marks omitted)…. speech that constitutes misprision of a felony appears to qualify as one of these “historic and traditional categories of expression” not protected under the First Amendment. See Branzburg, 408 U.S. at 697 (noting that concealment of a crime is not afforded First Amendment protection in light of “our history and that of England”). Baumgartner provides no historical or precedential support for distinguishing, in this context, between speech made to federal authorities and that made to local officials or private citizens. And indeed, it is doubtful that any such support exists, since at common law, the mere failure to report a crime constituted misprision, even without an affirmative act of concealment.
Judge Clay, dissenting in part, disagreed as to the scope of the misprision statute:
The government urges, and the majority accepts, that some combination of deceit and criminality can add up to concealment if you look at it from the right angle. This interpretation gives the misprision statute a stunningly broad reach. The government proved that Defendant lied and was tangled up in drugs. But the government did not prove that Defendant concealed the underlying felony — the narcotics conspiracy helmed by Deena Castleman. I would vacate Defendant’s conviction on all counts, not just count 1, and therefore respectfully dissent in part….
I construe the concealment element of the misprision statute somewhat more narrowly than the majority.
Concealment cannot exist in a vacuum. If one conceals a fact — that is, if someone “prevents or hinders the discovery of something,” Black’s Law Dictionary 282 (7th ed.1999), or “prevent[s] disclosure or recognition of” something, Webster’s Third New Int’l Dictionary 469 (1993) — the fact is concealed from someone. The question this case presents is “from whom?” A reader, considering the fact that Defendant lied to judges and other persons of authority, might well think that the government’s answer to that question is “officials of some form or another.” But the government’s theory of the concealment element is far broader and vaguer. At oral argument on May 9, 2014, this Court and the government engaged in the following colloquy:
Q: By lying to various people about various things, you keep [Castleman] happy, and that conceals the conspiracy?
A: Yes, on these facts….
Thus, according to the government, Defendant’s lies did not in and of themselves constitute “concealment.” Rather, the lies were the mechanisms to keep Castleman happy, and it was her happiness that effectuated the concealment. In other words, Defendant accomplished his concealment by appeasing the very person who had committed the underlying felony.
The ultimate target of the concealment is presumably some unknown official whom Castleman might have approached (waiving her Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination in the process), had Defendant not kept her out of prison. This is a triple-bank-shot interpretation of concealment.
The majority’s construction of the statute is even broader than the government’s. To show the stunning reach of the majority’s interpretation, we need only continue the tale of the lying marijuana grower described in the majority opinion. Suppose that one of the visitors to the farm is the farmer’s brother-in-law, Bill. The farmer feeds the horsemint line to Bill, but Bill knows marijuana when he sees it, and can deduce from the size of the farmer’s plot that the end product is not meant purely for personal use.
When Bill returns home, his wife asks him how the farmer’s garden is growing. Bill, not wanting to get into an extended discussion with his wife about her brother’s marijuana, tells her that the farmer seems to have a successful horsemint crop. According to the majority’s logic, unless Bill quickly finds a federal prosecutor or judge and reveals the farmer’s crime, Bill himself is guilty of misprision of felony.
[Footnote: The majority's hypothetical takes another wrong turn when it suggests that if a marijuana grower erects a fence to keep away prying eyes, that act makes the grower guilty of misprision. In order to be guilty of misprision, a defendant must both conceal a felony and also fail to notify federal authorities of that crime. The misprision statute “would be unconstitutional under the Fifth Amendment if, and to the extent, it required a defendant to report her own criminal conduct to the authorities.”]
Thus does misprision extend the U.S. criminal code into everyday conversations between a husband and wife who have committed no crime apart from speech about others’ misdeeds. Cf. Arthur Andersen, 544 U.S. at 704 (construing the witness tampering statute away from possibly criminalizing “a wife who persuades her husband not to disclose marital confidences”); United States v. Worcester, 190 F.Supp. 548, 566 (D.Mass.1961) (Wyzanski, J.) (“To suppose that Congress reached every failure to disclose a known federal crime, in this day of myriad federal tax statutes and regulatory laws, would impose a vast and unmeasurable obligation. It would do violence to the unspoken principle of the criminal law that as far as possible privacy should be respected.” (quotation marks omitted)). I fail to see how this construction would not “encourage arbitrary and discriminatory enforcement” of the misprision statute, and thus run afoul of the vagueness doctrine.
The dissent argues that misprision should instead be limited to situations where there is “[s]ome nexus … between the concealment of the principal’s crime and an investigation or proceeding (whether state or federal) related to that criminal conduct.,” for instance if “[t]he defendant … know[s] about an investigation, or reasonably should know about an investigation,” or if “but for the defendant’s concealment, an investigation or proceeding would have commenced.”
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Srei Infra Finance to raise Rs 1 500 cr through NCD issueHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Srei Infra Finance to raise Rs 1,500 cr through NCD issue
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 29:  
Srei Infrastructure Finance Ltd said that it will raise up to Rs 1,500 crore by public issue of non-convertible debentures (NCD).
The NCD will have a face value of Rs 1,000 each amounting up to Rs 250 crore. The company also has the option to retain over-subscription of up to the Shelf Limit Rs 1,500 crore.
The NCDs offer an maximum annualised effective yield of up to 11.75 per cent per annum.
The issue which opened today (Sept 29) is scheduled to close on October 31.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Melody Crowder-Meyer and Benjamin LauderdaleEven though only 36 percent of eligible voters cast ballots on Election Day, the raw data offer clues about the state of the American electorate.
Nov 23, 2014
THE FIX | SNL mocked the president’s executive order with a parody of “Schoolhouse Rock!”
Nov 23, 2014
The Fix's Chris Cillizza discusses the latest in political news.
Nov 21, 2014
The Fix's Chris Cillizza discussed the latest in political news.
Nov 21, 2014
Long on vision, light on details.
Nov 20, 2014
She pinned her runoff campaign on a Keystone pipeline bill. It failed.
Nov 20, 2014

An Assessment of Behavioral Law and Economics Contentions and What We Know Empirically About Credit Card Use by ConsumersComments
By Todd Zywicki September 29
I have a new article (co-authored with Thomas Durkin and Gregory Elliehausen) posted at SSRN, “ An Assessment of Behavioral Law and Economics Contentions and What We Know Empirically About Credit Card Use by Consumers .” This article originated as an appendix to chapter 4 of our book , which discusses behavioral economics and consumer credit.
Here’s the abstract to the article:
“Behavioral Law and Economics” (BLE) is a specialized component of the legal literature that purports to base its conclusions on a branch of economic analysis known as behavioral economics. The central claim of BLE is that by applying findings of behavioral economics to the real world it can provide more accurate assumptions about individual behavior and decision making than neoclassical economics and thus better and more effective policy prescriptions where needed. To date, however, BLE’s claims have been almost entirely a priori, taking certain suggested biases identified in the laboratory experiments by behavioral economists and claiming that they extend significantly to actual consumer behavior and the need for regulation. Yet it is well-accepted that the proper test of the scientific validity of an economic theory is the accuracy of its predictions relative to empirically testable hypotheses, not a priori reasoning or hypothetical extensions. This paper focuses on an area where BLE has been particularly active and even influential — the analysis of consumer use of credit cards. Comparison of the claims of BLE against hypotheses of the traditional neoclassical model of consumer credit use developed over the past century finds that available empirical evidence uniformly rejects BLE’s hypotheses for consumer credit. In short, while behavioral considerations are an important component of economic analysis, its BLE extension to policy in the consumer credit area has not yet proven to be useful.

Government cancels SEZs of Hindalco  Essar  ...Government cancels SEZs of Hindalco, Essar, Adani
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 02.55PM IST
Tags:
Adani
(The government has cancelled approvals…)
NEW DELHI: The government has cancelled approvals of nine special economic zones, including that of Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani as no "satisfactory" progress was made to execute the projects.
The decision was taken in the meeting of the Board of Approval (BoA) headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher on September 18.
"The Board noted that the progress made by the following developers/co-developers is not satisfactory. The Board, after deliberations, decided to cancel the formal approval/ notification/co-developer status, as the case may be, in 9 cases," Commerce Ministry said.
It said the developers have to refund the duty benefits availed by them.
"The approval is subject to the Development Commissioner furnishing a certificate... that the developer has not availed any tax/duty benefits under SEZ Act/Rules or has refunded any such benefits availed by it and subject to the state government furnishing it's no objection certificate to the proposal," it added.
Hindalco Industries had proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa. The formal approval to the developer was granted in July 2007. The developer was granted extension from time to time and the last extension granted expired on December 31, 2013.
Essar Jamnagar SEZ Ltd, which had proposed to set up a multi-product zone in Gujarat, got formal approval in August 2006. It was expired in August 2009. The developer did not make any request for further extension of approval.
Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company Ltd had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat. The BoA granted formal approval in June 2007, which expired in June 2010.
The developer had reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector and accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project.
The other developers whose SEZs were cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation .
As per SEZ rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years, by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production.
Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days, forward it to the Board with his recommendations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Consumer spending and personal income riseUS reports rise in consumer spending and personal income picked up pace in August
By Reuters | 29 Sep, 2014, 07.09PM IST
US consumer spending and personal income picked up pace in August after a weak July, while inflation remained flat as per the Commerce Department. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: US consumer spending accelerated in August, the government said on Monday, a positive sign for an economy that appears to be firing on nearly all cylinders.
The housing sector remains an exception, however, with a separate report showing Americans signed fewer contracts in August to purchase previously owned homes.
Nevertheless, the rise in household spending offered the latest suggestion that years of exceptionally low interest rates have finally pushed the economy into a higher gear.
Consumer spending rose 0.5 per cent last month after being unchanged in July, the Commerce Department said. The growth in August was just above the median forecast in a Reuters poll of economists.
Millan Mulraine, an economist at TD Securities in New York called the data "a further signal that the positive momentum in domestic activity is being sustained."
Even after adjusting for inflation, spending was 0.5 per cent higher, the biggest gain since March. Growth in personal income ticked up 0.3 per cent, in line with forecasts.
Some of the strength in spending came from a decrease in the saving rate, which eased back from a 1-1/2-year high in July.
On Wall Street, housing shares fell even more than the broader stock indexes, which were down sharply as investors focused attention on civil unrest in Hong Kong.
INFLATION MUTED
Most investors are betting the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next year to keep inflation in check, although Monday's data gave little sign of growing price pressures.
The Fed's preferred gauge of inflation was up 1.5 per cent in August from a year earlier, down slightly from the reading in July, the Commerce Department data showed. A measure of underlying price pressures which strips out food and energy held at 1.5 per cent. That reading had dipped to 1.2 per cent earlier this year.
Some policymakers at the US central bank remain concerned that inflation appears stuck well below their 2 per cent target.
Chicago Federal Reserve Bank President Charles Evans repeated on Monday his argument that the Fed should be patient when it comes to raising rates.
Data on Friday showed the economy grew at its fastest pace in 2-1/2 years in the second quarter. Still, the housing sector has struggled to recover from the 2007-09 recession when a home price bubble deflated.
In August, contracts to purchase previously owned US homes fell 1.0 per cent, the National Association of Realtors said.
The pending home sales index plunged last year after mortgage interest rates spiked, although it has been on a rising trend since this past March.

US Stocks Open Lower  Following Drops OverseasAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Europe could fine Apple billions for illegal tax-cutting dealsBorders
September 29, 2014
The European Union will unveil the preliminary results of a probe into Apple’s international profit-shifting that could  end with a multi-billion-euro fine  for the company, just as it celebrates the successful launch of its new line of iPhones.
The investigation concerns agreements the company made with Ireland’s government to garner favorable tax treatment, and corporate structures used to funnel profits there to avoid payments in higher tax countries. US government investigators documented some of these practices last year—including one ruling that allowed Apple to treat its Irish subsidiary as stateless for tax purposes—and now the EU is challenging them as illegal state subsidies to the company.
Apple’s relatively new CFO, Luca Maestri, told the Financial Times that the EU’s case had no merit, saying that the agreements reached with Ireland to lower or eliminate taxes did not include any quid pro quo.
The case should give pause to anyone in the United States arguing that the panacea for the eroding US tax base is a lower corporate tax rate and an end to the American practice of taxing its firms’ global, rather than local, profits. Each European country boasts a lower statutory corporate tax rate than the US and a territorial system, but continues to face problems with tax revenue from local operations slipping across borders.
Since the financial crisis, governments have increasingly pushed back against cozy tax avoidance arrangements, both personal and corporate. The EU is also investigating Starbucks’ relationship with the Dutch government and how the financial subsidiary of the automaker Fiat deals with the government of Luxembourg. In addition, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), a policy-coordinating group for rich nations, is developing a more rigorous protocol to treat how companies transfer goods and intellectual property internationally for tax purposes.
Any fine would have to be enormous to financially trouble Apple, the world’s most valuable company. It has a stockpile of cash overseas, some $137.7 billion at last count, thanks to its unwillingness to pay taxes on any earnings it returns to the US. This policy has led to some convoluted decisions, like borrowing an enormous amount of money to fund its $50-billion stock buyback plan, rather than repatriating some of that stack and risk paying taxes on it.
But as governments push back against these practices, the contrast between Apple’s utopian marketing and its cynical business practices may present a threat to its public image.
Share this:

Jayalalitha seeks bail from Karnataka High CourtJayalalitha seeks bail from Karnataka High Court
To ensure continuity  Modi govt asks officers to leave note for successor“Knowledge continuity in wake of employee transition needs to be recognized as a key challenge, more so in the government where rule based Personnel policies mandate a fixed tenure.” (Source: DoPT)
Written by Raghvendra Rao | Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 7:35 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 2:05 am
To ensure that knowledge acquired by an official while discharging his duties doesn’t get lost once he leaves his office and that the successor doesn’t waste too much time in learning the ropes, the Central Government now wants all its officers to cultivate the habit of leaving behind a “note for the successor” when they move out.
The idea — of reinstitutionalising the practice of leaving a note for the successor — was talked about by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the presentation made by Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions on June 12.
Acknowledging that all employees have invaluable knowledge of their areas of responsibility, which may be much more nuanced and integrated than the hard information available in files, notesheets, correspondence, documents and electronic datatbases, the government has underlined that “such innate knowledge is at risk of getting lost when the incumbent leaves the seat — gets transferred or demits office”.
“New employee will take time to understand issues of current importance, appreciate urgency of actionable points, recognize strengths and weakness of different subordinates for suitable work allocation, and comprehend critical issues by trial and error. This time spent in negotiating the way in new environment, spent in trial and error, may turn out to be the critical difference between success and failure of unit, the department or even the organization,” the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has stated.
To tackle this, the government has said that “knowledge continuity in wake of employee transition needs to be recognized as a key challenge, more so in the government where rule based Personnel policies mandate a fixed tenure”.
Also, the problem of knowledge continuity can be significantly tackled if incumbent employee, with overall goal of success of the organization in mind, considers the successor as part of same team and transfers the knowledge that he/she considers critical, the DoPT has stated. “Such knowledge transfer can be by personal interaction and briefing. However, written notes for the successor serve the purpose more effectively and also help build institutional memory in government, though this practice used to be in vogue, of late it is becoming rare,” the DoPT has observed.

Three children and their parents found dead in Utah. Its still unclear what killed them.By Sarah Larimer September 29 Follow @slarimer
Authorities in Utah say they still aren’t sure what killed three children and their parents over the weekend, though autopsies on the family members have determined that they didn’t suffer violent deaths.
“Right now, there’s no known cause of death,” Springville Police Lt. Dave Caron said at a news conference Saturday night . “There’s nothing obvious.”
Preliminary autopsies later found that the five victims hadn’t been shot or stabbed, and there were no noticeable traumatic injuries on the bodies, the Associated Press reported .
“Preliminary autopsy results for the family of five who were found dead in their home have ruled out any sort of violent assault,” Springville police told the Deseret News in a prepared statement. “The next step is to continue the investigation through analysis of blood samples to determine what may have caused the deaths.”
The newspaper reported that the couple’s oldest son and another relative discovered the bodies Saturday evening. According to the News:
The son went to his grandparents’ house, who live nearby, to say he didn’t know where the family was. That’s when the grandmother and the son went back to the house and found all five bodies in the parents’ bedroom, said Springville Police Lt. Dave Caron.
Springville Police Chief J. Scott Finlayson told the paper that authorities didn’t find unsafe levels when they tested for carbon monoxide in the house, and a kitten found in another room wasn’t hurt. Doors to the home had been opened by the time tests were conducted, however.
The family’s home was a duplex, and the News reported that authorities also checked for carbon monoxide on the other portion of the property. It was determined to be safe as well.
“I just couldn’t believe it. I mean, he’s my best friend,” Reilly Strecker, a resident of the duplex and a friend of one of the Strack children, told the paper. “They’re really good people. His dad was so nice. Their mom was nice. They were just fun to be around.”
Springville is about eight miles south of Provo, Utah, and about 50 miles from Salt Lake City.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

To get ahead in soccer  try building an enormous stadiumKabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 29, 2014
The English football club Chelsea  has begun talks to move to the home of English rugby temporarily as it seeks to redevelop its own stadium. It is not the first time that Chelsea has tried to move or redevelop its ground, and it is just one of several teams in the English Premier League trying to find bigger homes at the moment. They’re all betting these new stadiums are the only way to stay competitive—on and off the pitch—in the cut-throat world of soccer.
Chelsea’s current capacity at Stamford Bridge, its stadium in Fulham, London, is 41,800 and the owner Roman Abramovich wants to expand the size to 60,000, preferably by leaving the team’s home of more than a century and moving to another location in West London.
And half the Premier League is trying to move or upgrade. Liverpool has permission to add 13,000 extra seats. Its crosstown rival, Everton, is exploring a stadium . The current champions, Manchester City, plan to expand their base to 55,000. West Ham is going to move into the Olympic Stadium, beating out Tottenham for the rights—which instead is building a 56,000-seater next to its current ground and, like Chelsea, is searching for a temporary home . The list goes on.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Why are all these clubs doing this? It is all about match-day revenue. Soccer teams still make a large percentage of their money from fans attending matches.
Take Arsenal. In 2006, it moved from its home ground in Highbury to the brand-new Emirates Stadium nearby, with capacity going from 38,000 to 60,000. The team’s match-day revenues in 2005 were £37 million ($60 million). Revenues from the gate are now more than £100 million. But as match-day revenues have shot up, so too have total revenues—TV rights and other revenues have ballooned. Gate receipts remain around a third of total revenues at Arsenal.
Share
Tap image to zoom
So why do all these other clubs want bigger stadiums if other revenues are growing? Well, for one thing, demand from soccer fans in England is pretty insatiable. Arsenal has the highest ticket prices in English soccer, and the wait-list for a season ticket is still several years.
For another, stadium construction costs allow teams to get around regulations on their spending. UEFA, the European governing body of the sport, is cracking down on debt-fueled spending through Financial Fair Play regulations , which cap the total amount of losses clubs are allowed to have at 45 million euros. Crucially, money spent on building stadiums or developing youth academies do not count towards the cap. Arsenal, for example, is nowhere near breaching the rules because of prudent spending on its stadium and players. Others have spent a fortune under their billionaire owners and are  under investigation  or have already failed the rules, meaning they face on-field penalties. For many, spending on the best players is no longer going to be feasible. Add the two factors up and a bigger stadium makes sense.
But building a stadium, especially if there isn’t a sugar daddy like Abramovich to pay the bill for the real estate (which is going through something of a boom ) is a complicated and risky move.
With Chelsea, Abramovich has faced headache after headache. The trouble is that the fans own the land under the stadium—it was given to them to prevent any property developer coming in and buying out the owner—and shareholders in the Chelsea Pitch Owners company refused to sell the land to Abramovich. The multi-billionaire owner has tried to buy other areas of prime land in London—including an audacious bid  to turn the Battersea Power Station (of Pink Floyd album cover fame) into a stadium. Now, it looks like redevelopment is Chelsea’s only option.
And Arsene Wenger, the Arsenal manager, has  warned his local rivals  Tottenham about the difficulties of trying to win and balance the books while building a new stadium. “I knew always that would be the most sensitive period in the history of the club,” he said. “The way we did it is the hardest way, because we had no outside financial help and had to negotiate with the banks just to get the money at the start—and let’s not forget we paid £120 million just for the land. In the end, we built the stadium for £400 million. Today, it would cost £600 million or up to £700 million.”
And some teams are finding that by the time they’ve built a new stadium, their rivals are already a step ahead. Over in Spain, Barcelona plans to expand its already-huge 98,000-seater Nou Camp . It will be Europe’s first stadium with more than 100,000 capacity.
Share this:

Why Hong Kongs protests matter to the global economyThe Future of Hong Kong
September 29, 2014
Hong Kong’s pro-democracy activists slowed parts of the city to a crawl on Monday, with schools and shops shut because of the  “Occupy Central” protest  that began over the weekend. After the workday came to an end in Hong Kong, crowds of protesters grew even larger, a sign that the city may be in for several more days of mass civil disobedience.
LIVE: Fantastic shot of thousands of #OccupyHongKong protesters lighting up the streets f.sc.mp/FnweZSS http://t.co/sAt93ux8jD —
SCMP News (@SCMP_News) September 29, 2014
The protests have spread quickly to include many more residents than university students and pro-democracy activists, spurred in part by police tear-gassing students last night. The Hong Kong Professional teachers union is asking members to strike, secondary school students are boycotting school, and Coca-Cola delivery staff are staging sit-ins .
The original Occupy Central movement was sparked by Beijing’s refusal to allow Hong Kongers to elect a candidate of their choice to run the city, but some protesters are now demanding that the city’s current chief executive resign.
Rating agencies Fitch and Standard & Poor’s say the protests will have no short-term impact on the city’s credit rating, but any extended slowdown of Hong Kong’s regular commercial activities could have long-lasting ripple effects on everything from global banking to insurance, shipping, and China’s currency.
That’s because Hong Kong remains a global powerhouse for trade, finance, and insurance, thanks largely to its position as a gateway to mainland China. The value of goods traded  via the island city totaled $977 billion last year—5.2% of the world’s overall  $18.8 trillion in trade. 
Hong Kong consistently ranks as the world’s third-most important financial center, behind London and New York. It has steadily closed the gap with its Western counterparts in recent years, as measured by assessments of the ease of doing business, tax laws, its talent pool, according to global financiers  (pdf):
Tap image to zoom
(Z/Yen Group's Global FinancialCentres Index #15, March 2014)
Hong Kong is the main gateway for foreign direct investment in China. Mainland China attracted $124 billion in global investment (pdf) last year, and, based on previous years, about half of that amount is likely to have flowed through Hong Kong.
Hong Kong is home to more than 3,700 regional offices for overseas companies, and more than 80% are responsible for those companies’ business in China, thanks to Hong Kong’s robust rule of law, according to the American Bar Association. About 60% of China’s outbound investment is channeled through or directed to Hong Kong, the Hong Kong government estimates.
Hong Kong’s gateway role is reflected in the massive size of its banking industry, with assets worth around eight times the city’s GDP. Some 40% of Hong Kong banks’ HK$9 trillion ($1.15 trillion) in foreign claims are now extended to borrowers in mainland China, up from only 5% a decade ago:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The city is also an important source of fee-generating business for investment banks, accounting for $502 million in fees in the first half of this year, according to Thomson Reuters. That was around twice the amount that i-banks made in places like Singapore, South Korea, and Malaysia over the same period. Earlier this month the city’s bankers broke new ground by ushering in the market’s  debut Islamic bond, worth $1 billion. The issue vaulted Hong Kong to fifth place in the year-to-date rankings of Islamic banking centers, a  fast-growing space .
The city is also the world’s fifth-largest foreign exchange trading center, and the largest center for renminbi trading. Trades with the Chinese yuan made up $49.5 billion of Hong Kong’s $275 billion in average daily FX turnover in April of last year:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Hong Kong accounts for 72% of all offshore renminbi-denominated currency payments (paywall), according to data from Swift, a global payments system.
Alibaba’s blockbuster IPO in New York this month led to some soul searching in Hong Kong , which the Chinese e-commerce giant spurned because it didn’t like its rules on shareholder voting rights. Still, Hong Kong remains a popular venue for initial public offerings, the second-largest in the world in terms of capital raised over the past decade, fueled by mainland firms raising money in the city:
Share
Tap image to zoom
But volatility is anathema to IPOs, and Hong Kong’s stock market will probably be beset by it for the foreseeable future. A gauge of volatility jumped by more than 20% in trading today, and this cloud hanging over the market might scare away companies looking to list. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index, meanwhile, closed down 1.9% on Monday. (Needless to say, low valuations are also a deterrent to IPOs.)
The city also serves as a regional hub for the insurance industry, with a large and growing premium base. More than $36 billion in premiums were written in Hong Kong last year, up more than 10% on 2012, according to Swiss Re (pdf). The global insurance industry recorded premium growth of only 1% over the same period. Hong Kong ranks in the global top 10 insurance destinations by premiums per capita:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Hong Kong is also one of the world’s top five  cargo ports , with about three times the annual cargo volume of the US’s largest port, Los Angeles. Most of the cargo that flows through Hong Kong’s port is raw materials entering China and finished goods leaving the area.
Because Wednesday and Thursday this week are public holidays in Hong Kong, the number of protesters is only expected to increase, as the city’s workers join demonstrations during their free time. Global businesses—particularly those with interests in China—will hope that the city’s residents return to work soon.
Share this:

Hemant Contractor cleared for pension fund C...Hemant Contractor
(The challenges before Hemant…)
MUMBAI:Former State Bank of India Managing Director Hemant Contractor is set to take over as new Chairman of Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) after government cleared his name for the top post.
"We have approved the name of Hemant Contractor as the new Chairman of PFRDA," Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu told PTI here today.
However, he didn't provide further details. Contractor, who as MD handled international banking at India's largest lender, would fill a post at the pension watchdog that had been lying vacant for almost a year.
The post has been vacant since November after incumbent Yogesh Aggarwal quit following differences with the Finance Ministry over the appointment of a member of PFRDA.
When reached for comment, Contractor, who is currently in Pune, said he is yet to hear anything from the government on the issue.
Even though the interview for the regulatory head was conducted early this year, no decision was taken by the government. R V Verma, Whole-time member (finance), has been working as Acting Chairman of PFRDA. The other whole-time member of the body is B S Bhandari.
The challenges before the new Chairman will be how to popularise the New Pension System (NPS), which has not picked up so far despite undergoing several changes.
Lots of policy decisions are likely to be taken by the Chairman so as to give a boost to the NPS, which includes allowing corporates to subscribe to NPS, people in the know said.
Currently, over 10 players exist in the pension segment. Facilitating tax benefit to NPS subscribers, on the lines of life insurance policies, is also on the anvil.
Meanwhile, Sandhu said the Government is seriously working on the bifurcation of post of Chairman and Managing Director of public sector banks. Save for SBI , all state-owned banks have a single person holding the top post.
"Bifurcation of the PSU banks' CMD post is under consideration. A proposal is already there."
Asked about the pending appointments at a number of PSU banks, he said, "we are already on the job. There is an exercise which is on. Very soon we'll be able to fill up vacant positions."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lenovo to close $2.1 bn IBM s x86 server biz...You are here: Home > Collections > Ibm
Lenovo to close $2.1 billion IBM's x86 server business deal by October 1
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 07.43PM IST
Tags:
Amar Babu
(Chinese PC maker Lenovo…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese PC maker Lenovo today said that conditions for its acquisition of about $2.1 billion IBM's x86 server business have been satisfied and both the parties anticipate they will begin closing the transaction effective on October 1.
The acquisition will make Lenovo the third-largest player in the $42.1 billion global x86 server market.
IBM will retain its System z mainframes, Power Systems, Storage Systems, Power-based Flex servers, PureApplication and PureData appliances.
"With the close of the x86 acquisition, Lenovo will add a world-class business, immediately making us a strong number three in the global server market," Chairman and CEO of Lenovo Yang Yuanqing said in a statement.
In 2005 Lenovo had acquired IBM's PC business, including the ThinkPad line of PCs.
"India has always been a critical market for Lenovo. Since we acquired IBM's PC business, our India growth has evolved significantly and we hope to repeat the same success with the x86 acquisition," Lenovo India Managing Director Amar Babu said.
Out of about $2.1 billion, approximately $1.8 billion will be paid in cash at closing after estimated adjustments and approximately $280 million will be paid in Lenovo stock, based on the closing price of Lenovo's stock on September 26, 2014.
The transaction satisfied regulatory requirements and conditions, including clearance by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), the European Commission and the Chinese Ministry of Commerce.
The transition will begin Wednesday in countries that are part of the initial closing, which includes most major markets. The transaction is expected to close in most other countries later this year, with the few remaining countries following in early 2015.
Lenovo is also in process to acquire Motorola Mobility from Google which will make it the world's third-largest smartphone maker, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In pics: Mumbaikars groove toPeople get tattoos made during Navratri festival by a specialist at the Big Boss salon at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Sankalp Dandiya in Thane. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Sankalp Dandiya in Thane. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Woman plays garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People get tattoos made during Navratri festival by a specialist at the Big Boss salon at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Advertisement

Den Networks announces resignation of CEODen Networks announces resignation of CEO
Record IRA Contributions May Not Save Retirementrecord ira contributions may not save retirement
Why Are The Girl Scouts Getting Into the Sugar Bomb Beverage Businessreddit
The beverage industry's got a growing public relations problem. Soda sales are dropping as more folks realize just how bad for us this stuff is. That's why Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and the Dr Pepper Snapple Group just announced that they're going to voluntarily reduce the calories in their sugary drinks by offering smaller portions and more low-and no-calorie options. The obesity epidemic is not only widening our children's waistlines, it's shortening their childhood, too. It turns out that being overweight is one of the greatest risk factors driving the dramatic rise of early onset puberty, forcing pre-teen girls to cope with physical changes they're not emotionally equipped to handle.
Those prematurely raging hormones also impair our children's impulse control, making them easy prey for marketers. Food and beverage companies have made a fortune by encouraging kids to practically eat and drink themselves to death, and sugary beverages are a major culprit. According to a recent Harvard study, "sugar-sweetened beverages are linked to more than 180,000 obesity-related deaths worldwide each year."
Smaller bottles of Coke may be a nice nod to the pre-Big Gulp era (not to mention Michael Bloomberg's widely mocked campaign to limit soda sizes). But as Katie Couric and I documented in Fed Up, the real problem is sugar, not calories, and the way companies use it to hook kids on their unhealthy products. Oh, and by the way, diet soda isn't good for you, either!
As Dr. Robert Lustig, pediatric endocrinologist and Board President at the Institute for Responsible Nutrition, said in response to the "big soda announcement," "A 20 calorie per can reduction over 6 years is too little too late...the public should look at this behavior for what it is; an effort to avoid corporate responsibility while making the public think they are responsible."
Honestly, we're used to these cynical PR ploys from corporations. The beverage story that really shocked me this week was Nestlé's launch of two hyper-sweetened Nesquik® chocolate milk drinks based on much-loved Girl Scout cookie flavors. Each 16-ounce bottle of Nesquik® Girl Scouts® Thin Mints® or Nesquik® Girl Scouts® Caramel Coconut contains a whopping 48 grams of sugar. That's twelve teaspoons of liquid sugar, about three to four times the safe amount for a child's entire day (the label claims a bottle contains two servings, but what kid going to drink half and save the rest for later?)
How could the Girl Scouts license their venerable logo to help Nestlé market a super sugary drink to impressionable young children, including their own devoted members? Childhood ought to be a time of innocence, not exploitation. If, like me and my Fed Up co-executive producer Katie Couric, you're one of the more than 59 million women in America who belonged to the Girl Scouts, you probably have fond memories of sitting around campfires and earning merit badges.
For generations, Americans have looked up to this 102 year-old institution as a guiding light for girls from every corner of the country. Its founder, Juliette Low, believed passionately in the importance of good nutrition and healthy habits, declaring that "health is probably a woman's greatest capital, and a Girl Scout ... doesn't waste it in poor diet ... so that she goes bankrupt before she is thirty."
The controversy over the Girl Scouts using cookie sales to raise funds may be nothing new, but this deal steps way over the line in its willingness to compromise our children's health for the sake of corporate profits.
How many meetings did it take to create the look, taste, and packaging of this new product? The Girl Scouts' leadership is chock full of principals, including an executive director, national and regional boards, an executive team, a board of directors, and over one hundred local councils across the country. Did any one from that large staff, many of whom must be parents themselves, stop to think about how unhealthy this product is for kids, or the health of this country?
Girl Scout president Anna M. Chavez, the first Latina woman to lead this organization of more than 3.2 million girls and adults, surely has heard about the dramatic rise in kids getting adult-type 2 diabetes, a phenomenon virtually unheard of a decade ago--perhaps in conversation with the country's leading childhood obesity advocate AND former Girl Scout Michele Obama before she addressed the organization in honor of its one hundredth anniversary? Given the sad fact that Hispanic kids are at even greater risk of diabetes (they are marketed more to than their white counterparts), Chavez's decision to use the Girl Scout brand to help promote the very thing that's making them sick is truly baffling.
Nestlé trumpets these sugar bomb beverages as a "double awesome combo," inviting kids to tweet photos of their "double awesome moments" drinking them in order to enter its "Double Awesome Twitter Contest" and potentially win all kinds of great prizes.
It's a Double Awful debacle. Nestlé's relationship with the Girl Scouts reflects an all-too-familiar corporate strategy of donating to worthy causes and launching "innocent" campaigns to encourage kids to get more exercise. The company gets to slap a veneer of social responsibility onto its totally irresponsible products, and the organization becomes hooked on the money that rolls in.
But the buck stops with the leadership and Chavez. The Girl Scouts' own website states "Our health and fitness programs encourage girls to adopt healthy fitness and eating habits early in life and to continue them into adulthood." How does the marketing of super-sugary chocolate milk drinks to young enthusiastic preteen and teen girl scouts square with that declared mission? What's next, a merit badge for false advertising?
Fed Up is now available on DVD, Blu-Ray, iTunes, and Amazon.
Follow Laurie David on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Laurie_David
More:
Softdrinks Girl Scouts Obesity Nestle Pepsi Soda
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Home Designers Share What to Buy -- and Skip -- at TargetEmail
From design savvy shoppers to those looking for a steal, there’s something for everyone in Target’s home goods section. But is there substance behind the affordable style? We asked designers to weigh in on what’s a must and bust when shopping for home décor at the retail giant.
Must: Fresh, fluffy towels
Stocking up on bathroom textiles here is must, says Erin Gates, a Boston-based interior designer, stylist and creator of the blog Elements of Style .
Target
“I love the Fieldcrest Luxury bath towels and sheeting.  It's a really good product for your buck - durability wise - and the styling is classic and timeless.” 
Snap up the line’s 100 percent cotton, plush terry towels in bright white. They’re perfect for creating a spa-like scene in your bathroom and affordable enough ($8.99-$19.99) to replace when they lose their snowy luster. 
Must: Cheap and chic accents
You can’t go wrong with any of the Threshold season home accessories, like these decorative bowls , says Gates. “Side tables, baskets, clocks, vases — they do such a good job putting out great design for relatively little.”
Paul.Weber / Target
Threshold, Target’s exclusive décor, bedding and furniture brand, along with stellar collaborations with celebrity designers such as Nate Berkus, let Target to do what it does best: Help shoppers stay on trend without breaking the bank. However, you still need to be selective about quality. While interior designer and TV personality Erinn Valencich agrees that Target’s home accents are really cute, she notes that some fall apart quickly — something clearly evidenced by a shelf filled with damaged items.
“If I see a lot of broken items in the store, I won’t buy that product,” she says. You shouldn’t either, no matter how darling. 
Must: Melamine dishes and serving pieces  
“I absolutely love Target’s Melamine plates and serve ware. They have such an irreverent way with tabletop,” says Los Angeles-based celebrity designer Michelle Workman , who adores both the store’s excellent year-round stock of fun patterns and amped up holiday offerings. 
“They really kick it up a notch. I got some great black and white skull plates years ago at Halloween and I still use them when I want to bust out with some fun," Workman said. "I also keep several different melamine salad plate designs on hand in order to jazz up an informal meal.”
Must: Present perfection   
A gift-wrap room may be excessive, but a cool cache of gorgeous paper and trim at the ready for decorating gifts? That’s a must for every well-stocked home.  
Target
“I go for gift wrap,” says Valencich. “It can be so expensive when you need a cute bag, tissue, ribbon, card, but Target always has cute coordinated stuff at a good value.” Although prices vary (gift bags start at under $1 while tag sets, wrap and ribbons go for $2.99), deeper discounts can often be found in-store, especially at the end of the aisle where clearance items go.  
Bust: Heirloom quality rugs   
If you’re looking for a hand-knotted rug to pass down to your kids keep walking. “Rugs need to last a while so look elsewhere for this type of item,” said Gates. 
But, if like many people, you just need something chic to last until it meets a glass of Bordeaux or your room needs makeover, Target’s got plenty of affordable options. 
Sean Meszaros / Target
Craving the exotic?  Target's 5-inch x 7-inch Threshold rug costs less less than $80 and will transport you to Morocco. Want something au currant? You’ll adore Nate Berkus’  purple and camel chevron design as much as the $129.99 price tag. And when you’re ready to move on, move on. 
Must: Holiday decorations   
From festive wreaths to scene-stealing décor, Target is event designer Julie Shanklin’s go-to for Christmas ornaments, decorations and other accents necessary to set a beautiful holiday table. 
“They have great small pieces that can help finish a coffee table in a seating grouping or filler to finish a centerpiece," Shanklin said. "They have the best price point for the quality.” 
If you like shimmer and glamour year-round, this is the time to stock up on gilded goods, from silvery table runners to golden chargers.
Must: Lamps and lighting  
Mix-and-match lighting makes finding the right style at an affordable price a snap. Target has a great selection of well-priced table lamps, including Threshold's Gold Task Lamp's pictured below, especially online, says Gates. 
Paul.Weber / Target
“You can pick your shade separate from your base, unlike discount home stores, and many of the styles look just like much higher priced versions,” she said. 
Target also stocks terrific string and novelty lights:  solar stars perfect for patios,  spooky picks for Halloween and  shimmering ribbon garlands for dressing the tree, among other seasonal splendors.  
Bust: Many upholstered items
Gates suggests staying away from most things stuffed or tufted as the retailer’s upholstered goods won't last as long as something from a higher priced home store. 
Target
“The fill and cushioning won't be high quality and may sag in a short time," she said. 
Bust: Wood case goods  
Don’t let that tall, dark and handsome dresser fool you. It’s probably not the quality you’re looking for. 
“The price generally reflects the quality in this category,” says Workman, “and there are plenty of places to get a bit higher quality of furniture for the same or slightly higher prices.” Specifically she suggests steering clear of anything with cabinets or drawers that is likely to be made out of less expensive materials like medium density fibreboard (MDF), particle board and veneers.
Tags:

You can blame the Great Recession for this.you can blame the great recession for this.
Using Failure As an Opportunity to Reflect Instead of Feeling Defeated: Let s Strive to "Fail Better"reddit
Failure makes us feel horrible. We all know the strong aversive reaction we display when we fail to achieve what we set out for ourselves. In fact, many of us grew up in a culture where failing was always negative. Those moments at school when the teacher, following our remark, snarled back "You're wrong" reverberate in our minds when we think about failure. However, we also know that failing can be very beneficial for long-term success. Indeed, sports practice meticulously focuses on, and even records, failures in order to later improve a player's game. Here, I argue that it is this view of failures as 'success-in-progress', rather than as negative events, that can help us achieve our goals better in the long term.
Failure is painful. Even on a neurophysiological level, failing to meet expectations triggers a reaction in the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, the part of the brain associated with physical experiences of pain. As a result, we become more risk averse and are more likely to stay with what we know, tending to stick with the status quo more than daring to change (possibly for the better). Although this caution can be adaptive in that we avoid further pain, this also means that we fail to take the chance to try again and improve, to advance, to become better at the thing that we once failed at.
Consider this example from baseball. Imagine a hitter with a long and productive career who maintains a .300 average - that is, he gets a base hit about 30% of the time (i.e., he safely reaches first base). With this average, he could earn a great deal of money and accrue a lot of fame. Yet, put differently, the same baseball player fails the other 70% of the time, meaning the vast majority of his attempts at home plate result in "making an out". If this were the adopted perspective, similar to the way we often think about failure, it could pose a potentially serious threat to the player's sense of personal worth and social regard.
This very simple example denotes the power of 'framing', a widely established effect in psychology. In most cases, framing implies a risk being presented as either a gain (e.g., "You have a 30% chance of survival") or a loss (e.g., "You have a 70% chance of death"). Study after study has shown that this simple difference in the presentation of odds can lead to different behavioral outcomes, with individuals far more likely to pursue a medical treatment if framed in the gain frame rather than the loss frame.
In the same way, I propose that we start relabeling supposed failures as 'success-in-progress'. This requires a broader view of a behavior or response than the narrow and short-term evaluation we currently employ. Failures are not bad per se - instead, they provide important input on which areas we need to improve. Framing them in terms of potential future success could also motivate behavior in the same domain. For example, when I was a tennis player as a teen, my coach would videotape me at practice and then go over my serve in excruciating frame-by-frame detail. Rather than pointing out what I did wrong, he instead noted what I did right in comparison with the last time and showed me the progress I had made relative to older recordings. Then, once he had set the time frame as longer term and as a journey toward success, he pointed out areas that we needed to continue working on. As a result, I felt much more motivated and wanted to improve. I went back to the court, and failed, and failed, and failed over again - until at some point, at the next video analysis, I had failed better. Such is the power of framing.
Of course, I don't believe that we should fail in all environments, at all points in time. There are times when failing is not an option - after all, we wouldn't want an engineer to fail while planning the construction of the car we will drive. Instead, I propose that we create safe spaces for failure, where checks and balances are put in place and a supportive environment allows us to commit mistakes without serious repercussions. It is only in these spaces that we can learn how to avoid those mistakes in the future.
How could such a safe space be created in the professional realm? Maybe by giving your employees a project that's out of reach and then presenting the results internally for constructive feedback. Or, in the words of systems biologist Uri Alon ( link to his TED talk ), by creating "yes, and..." spaces where each proposed idea is first agreed to and then further developed, all before evaluating its realization potential. Instead of worrying about failing, safe spaces for failure allow us to give a project our all, and whatever comes, we know it was our best effort.
Failure shouldn't have to make us feel horrible. Instead, let's re-frame how we think about failures in terms of success when we communicate, manage, and educate. Instead of measuring career averages of outs-at-bat, let's measure batting averages for all of our goals. If we can turn just a fraction of failures into feelings of success-in-progress by creating safe spaces for failure, we can enable a generation of individuals to learn how to fail better - and, in the end, succeed in positively impacting us all.
Follow Jon Jachimowicz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonj
More:

PULAPRE BALAKRISHNANRecent developments in the global vegetable oils market have provided a likely direction for palm oil prices in the first quarter of 2015.A rebound in global oilseeds and vegetable oil p... »
November 23, 2014
A closer look at the small ’uns
Lokeshwarri SK
Smaller stocks are mostly avoided by serious investors due to greater volatility and lack of transparency. Not much attention is, therefore, given to the trading pattern of these smaller stocks... »
November 23, 2014
Small-caps sizzle Should youjump in?
Lokeshwarri SK
For Indian investors, small is beautiful. The BSE Small Cap index has delivered 118 per cent return since last September, even as its large-cap counterpart, the Sensex, panted way behind, with... »
November 20, 2014

The RBI needs a course correctionThe RBI needs a course correction
PULAPRE BALAKRISHNAN
Tweet
Industrial slowdown: That's what has brought down inflation
The apex bank should focus on financial stability by monitoring macro-prudential variables. Its approach to inflation is flawed
September 28, 2014:  
Two developments suggest that a review of the state of the financial sector in India would be timely. First, corporate indebtedness has risen significantly.
One estimate places it at 50 per cent of GDP. If this is accurate, it is high indeed. Rising indebtedness has continued even as growth has slowed in the past five years. .
Second, increased indebtedness is most noticeable among India’s largest corporate houses. From a policy perspective we would want to avoid being saddled with a “too big to (be allowed to) fail” situation. The mirror image of the growing indebtedness is a rise in the non-performing assets of public sector banks in particular.
The RBI has initiated steps to reform the banking sector. The PJ Nayak Committee has made some bold recommendations on the governance of public sector banks, perceived to be in poor shape. The public want to know how Kingfisher Airlines was given such a long rope in the form of credit lines. They are very likely aghast at the state of affairs at Syndicate Bank whose chairman has been charged with accepting a bribe from a financially weak client.
There is also a perception that the government has forced the public sector banks to increase their lending to the infrastructure sector so that its own funds can be used for expanding welfare schemes. This strategy is inherently risky, given the maturity structure involved and the fact that banks have little expertise in such a line of business to separate good projects from bad. Is it surprising, then, that public sector banks have larger NPAs than their counterparts in the private sector?
Central banking objectives
It is with this as background that we should approach the implications for India of the evolving debate on the objectives of central banking. Following the global financial crisis, there is near unanimity that macroeconomic policy cannot afford to focus on inflation alone. Macroeconomic stability from 1990 masked a crisis in the financial sector -- brought upon the western economies by the wilful acts of their banks.
A sanitised description would be that banks had taken on excessive risk. A stronger appraisal would be that they had pushed poor quality loans to increase profits.
Either way, it is accepted by now that there should be far greater regulation of banks, and that ensuring financial stability represented by some measure of leverage, credit aggregates or asset prices should form part of a central bank’s objectives.
At the same time there is recognition that the policy interest rate, which alone is under the control of the central bank, is a blunt instrument when it comes to controlling these variables. The upshot is that more targeted ‘macro prudential’ instruments would have to be used. Examples of such instruments are pro-cyclical capital-asset ratios and loan-to-value caps.
Inherent contradiction
However, even as financial stability is explicitly being added to the central bank’s objectives, there is no consensus on how it is to be implemented. One source of difficulty stems from a possible tension between the pursuit of financial and macroeconomic stability at the same time. The standard example is that when the policy rate is lowered to stimulate employment it could encourage excessive risk taking, thus jeopardising financial stability.
Interestingly such a trade-off could arise even as the interest is raised. For instance, when the interest rate is raised to quell inflation it can contribute to financial instability by turning once-secure financial positions into risky ones, if not actually into Ponzi schemes.
A Ponzi scheme is a financial position in which liabilities exceed receivables for the foreseeable future. There could be situations then, when balance would have to be struck between macroeconomic and financial stability. This is best achieved when the monetary authority is also the financial regulator.
In general in India, concern for inflation has received far greater attention than financial stability. The Centre has made the Reserve Bank accountable for inflation but has left financial stability to a Financial Stability and Development Council in which the Finance Ministry calls the shots.
Separate agencies for macroeconomic stability and financial stability may end up not co-ordinating on the first best solution. Hence, the case for a single body. The political economy argument is that leaving the regulation of the financial sector to the ministry of finance opens up the possibility of influence peddling.
Memoirs of a most highly regarded Governor of the RBI speak of pressure having been put on him by the executive to grant a licence to a dubious international bank which was a marriage between middle-eastern money and south Asian management. The licence, we are told, was granted soon after he demitted office. The bank had gone on to collapse spectacularly on the world’s stage.
Inflation assessment
Historically the RBI’s record on banking supervision is quite good. Only recently it has concluded the issuance of new bank licences, potentially a landmine, without a footfault. It is today headed by an economist of the highest class who also brings to the table considerable international experience. So, there is a serious case for vesting all powers with respect to financial stability with the RBI.
However, inflation is an altogether different matter. The Bank’s t takes far too much credit for the current downward trend in the price rise. This has come after 3 years of declining industrial production. The Bank hardly ever refers to this. If inflation is down it is so because industrial production was negative in 2013-14, thus lowering demand for agricultural goods. The year just past has also been one of agricultural growth higher than the trend which may be expected to have a dampening effect on the price rise.
The Bank has actively encouraged the belief that it can control inflation by adopting ‘inflation targeting’. The Government of India is happy to go along with this construction as it absolves it of all responsibility. A rising price level is, however, the outcome of the interaction of the actors in the economy. A credible economic policy would tackle it at its source.
The writer is a professor at the Centre for Development Studies, Thiruvananthapuram
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

The changing face of retail in IndiaThe changing face of retail in India
Vishwadeep Kuila
Tweet
Super Marketwala: Secrets of Winning Consumer India, Damodar Mall, Random House, Rs 299
Damodar Mall is a graduate of IIT-Mumbai and IIM-Bangalore. He started his career with Hindustan Unilever but switched tracks to start a venture which finally took shape as the DMart Chain. He has been at the helm of two major modern retail giants, Big Bazaar and Reliance Value Retail. ‘Super Marketwala’ is his first book.
The insights in this easy-to-read book on consumer behaviour are not earth-shattering, but they are useful. The consumer the author is talking about could just as easily be you or someone you know
September 28, 2014:  
It’s with sound reason that many pundits say retail is a course in human psychology. Successful, not-so-successful and even stumped retailers would vouch blindly for that.
Consumer behaviour plays a key role in this slice of business. And that’s one of the reasons why Damodar Mall’s Super Marketwala should grab your attention.
Wholesale changes
It is said that the world has changed more in the last 10-15 years than in the previous 100 years or more. This phenomenon is far more pronounced when it comes to India. Higher disposable income, connectivity to the world and being part of a fast-growing economy make Indians feel proud.
But the very same situation has become a nightmare for one fraternity — the consumer marketer. Rapidly changing demographics and psychographics of the Indian population is opening up new opportunities and posing new challenges for the marketer. One area where we see the effect of this change is in retail.
There is no longer one solution for all and it has become imperative to get to know consumers at close quarters to be able to talk to them meaningfully. Super Marketwala takes a good peek into consumer psyche as well as modern trade practices.
That said, it is not a manual on modern retail but a treatise on the philosophy of consumer behaviour — and is a good read not only for seasoned marketing professionals but also for anyone who is interested in understanding the mind of the consumer. Easy to comprehend and equally easy to relate to, the book doesn’t hand you a fish, but it helps you learn to fish in the changing consumer scenario.
The modern consumer
The book could not have come at a better time. But if you are expecting a readymade guide to your next supermarket chain, that is not what Damodar Mall offers. He has carefully chosen not to provide readymade solutions. Rather, he has opened up unusual ways of looking at the consumer, insights he used duringhis long years at the helm of Big Bazaar and now Reliance Value Retail.
The book gives you a peek into the changing roles and ways of the modern consumer. Each character could be a man or woman you know yourself. But you have possibly not looked at their consumer side consciously. The book touches upon those little aspects of behaviour that define a person’s attitude to retail.
Damodar Mall’s language is extremely simple, not meant to test your vocabulary, but it touches the right chord. Super Marketwala is a compendium of small observations beautifully personified by characters that lend credence to the points that the author is making.
It is obvious from the 32 short chapters dealing with different aspects of consumers, that the author is deeply aware of the various cultures and practices across the country. Whether he is talking about culinary delicacies such as the puran polis of western India, or nolen gur of the east or the pesarattus of the south, all find the right context.
Though each chapter does not lead on to the other, the book loosely strings together a single theme: the changing character of the consumer and her/his habits. However, in some places the change of context is too sudden. While talking about consumer behaviour in one chapter, you are transported to the positive influence of modern retail on the lives of its employees in the next and you almost feel you have started reading a different book.
The fact that there are no obvious action points at the end of each chapter also leaves you feeling somewhat dissatisfied.But the points are communicated effectively. No earth-shattering findings are being discussed. You intuitively know what the book has to say, but that is what is impressive. The examples are apt and thankfully do not read like typical marketing case studies.
Lifestyle and habits
With some reference to changing lifestyles at the beginning of the book, the author tries to deal with very diverse areas. He goes from true liberation of the consumer through modern retail to how modern retail touches more lives than one can imagine, while also dealing with recycling and inherent green lifestyles.
Four sections essentially deal with observations of retail and consumption habits in anecdotal fashion, and makes for compelling reading.
Take this passage, for instance: “Ritu Agarwal, a banker in Delhi, was on her way to London for an extended training trip. At the swanky new airport in Delhi, she stood in the check-in queue of the airline, and found something pushing against the back of her legs. When she looked back, she found the passenger behind her gesturing her to move forward, his baggage trolley nudging her ahead. Ritu found that there was a gap between her and the person in front, and the passenger behind her was urging her to close the gap. She moved ahead and all was well yet again. No more prodding.”
These sections illustrate the physical change in buying behaviour and the need for the consumer to be in command. Accordingly it touches upon the need for the modern marketer to look at buying behaviour as a ‘daily swayamvar’. The consumer of today is ready to accept options that save time, but not at the cost of completely giving up tradition. Be it the need to serve fresh food to the family or the shift to salads from samosa or take help from the local aunty to serve up festival delicacies. Convenience is welcome, but not complete change of food habits. The consumer is more ready to experiment with cuisines of different regions thanks to the availability of ready-to-cook recipes. The fact that, given the same ambience, a Haldiram’s beats a McDonald’s hands down on foot falls, is testimony to India’s readiness to try what is western, but still prefer what is Indian.
The author also has sections on what trends the modern retailers should watch out for and what they could do about these trends to their benefit.
Not really illustrative of the section heading, are a set of case studies of brands that have done well against odds. While there are some insights on how some brands have been successful, these case studies do not drive home a specific learning or theme and seem disjointed.
The reviewer is the founder-director of Brand Vectors
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Dual advantage of equity and debtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Live: Modi at Madison Square GardenPTI A boy wearing a mask of Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves during "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday.
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his address at the 69th UNGA meeting on Saturday.
A day after addressing a hushed U.N. General Assembly, Prime Minister Narendra Modi received a thunderous reception as he addressed a crowd from a rotating stage at Madison Square Garden today. Follow this page for live updates
23:01: Prime Minister Narendra Modi ends his speech with Bharat Mata ke Jay chant..
23:00. You have loved me more than any other leader: Modi.
22:58: Prime Minister Modi thanks Indian Americans for the rousing reception.
22:56: Visa on arrival for American nationals soon: Modi. Modi announces long term visas for US citizens, online visas and visas on arrivals.
22:50: Will ensure that every Indian owns a house by 2022: Modi.
22:49: Mahatma Gandhi never compromised on cleanliness. He gave us freedom. We should give him a Clean India: PM
22:47: India will lead 21st century world: Modi
22:45: I don't know whether it is a PM's job, but I have decided to build toilets: Modi.
22:44: "I am a common man with small ideas".
22:42: Modi urges NRIs to pitch in to clean the Ganga. "There is an urgent need to save Ganga", says Modi.
22:40: While America is the oldest democracy in the world, India is the biggest democracy: Modi
22:38: I request you all to look at MyGov.in. Please visit the website and see how you can get involved: Modi
22:37: Mygov.in is for you people to connect with me: Modi
22:36: There is no reason to be disappointed. India will progress very fast and the skills of our youth will take India ahead: PM
22:34: We have given importance to skill development, created a separate Ministry for the purpose: PM.
22:33: Previous governments had monopolised development, my government will jointly usher in development with public participation: Modi.
22:32: Good governance is essential for nation's progress: Modi
22:30: "There is an atmosphere of hope and enthusiasm".
22:27: India's biggest strength is its youth power, says Modi.
22:26: "India is the youngest nation in the world".
22:25: We want to make development a mass movement: Modi
22:24: The will power of 1.25 crore citizens of the nation is my strength: Modi
22:23: Democracy, demographic dividend and demand are three unique strengths of India which will take it to new heights, says PM
22:22: Development should be people's participation like how Gandhiji made freedom people's movement: Modi
22:21: Mahatma Gandhi taught freedom to everyone and made it a people's movement: Modi
22:20: In India, democracy is not a system, it is a belief: Modi
22:18: Good Governance essential for India to progress: Modi
22:16: Supporters with Modi T-shirts applause frequently in between Modi's speech.
22:15: :"We will not do anything which will let you down".
22:13: My government will be 100 per cent successful in fulfilling the aspirations of the people: Modi.
22:10: Supporters cheer Modi's speech.
22:08: "I assure the change that the people of India want": PM Modi.
22:06: "Winning elections is a responsibility".
22:04: PM Modi: After 30 years, a single party has got a clear majority to rule India.
22:02: "The 2014 Lok Sabha poll results have been celebrated by Indians around the world".
22:00: "NRIs have changed the image of India", says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
21:58:"The world no longer sees us as the land of snake charmers".
21:56: "Now, we play with mouse, not snakes".
21:55: "The IT revolution would not have been happened without you all", says Modi.
21:53: Modi extends Navratri greetings to NRIs. "Navratri greetings to all Indians in America", greets the Prime Minister.
21:50: Bharat Mata ki.. says Modi, Jay says the crowd
21:46: Jana Gana Mana..being sung by Padma Shri Kavitha Krishnamurthy.
21:44: The national anthems, both the US and the Indian being played.
21:41: Modi arrives.
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 28, 2014
21:39: The US national song sung and senators introduced. Modi welcomed amid roaring applause.
21:32: More than 200 media, a significantly large number of them from India, had registered for the event; which organisers said is unprecedented for an Indian American event.
21:30: "Let's welcome a man of innovation and man of action," says AV ahead of PM Modi''s ariival to Madison Square.
21:26: Nearly 20,000 strong gathering of Indian Diaspora welcomed the Indian leader.
21:24: Indian-Americans give rock star treatment to Modi.
For earlier story: Modi courts Indian-Americans at Madison Square Garden
21.01: Fusion dance performance to the tunes of 'Jai ho', 'Vande Matharam'
Pulse-pounding, Jai Ho, Vande Mataram. This is in the style of #US conventions w a splash of Bollywood thro... https://t.co/4P6q8z6bn1
— Narayan Lakshman (@narlak) September 28, 2014
21.00: The painting of Narendra Modi is shown to the people packed at MSG by the painter
20.56: A presentation on NRIs in USA being made now.
20.52: Prime Minister Narendra Modi to speak at Madison Square in a few minutes. As a tribute, a group of artists have in the meanwhile painted the portrait of Modi
20.42: Singer Kavitha Krishnamurthy is going to perform now and said " Very proud to be here. I first want to sing a song which says I love my India". The song she is singing is 'Yeh Mera India'. Kavita Krishnamurthy and L Subramaniam doing a stunning fusion version of Vaishnava Janato.
Kavita Krishnamurthy and L Subramaniam doing a stunning fusion version of Vaishnava Janato #ModiInAmerica — at... http://t.co/2UDU3YE6Z8
— Narayan Lakshman (@narlak) September 28, 2014
Heady feeling... Kavita krishnamurthy and L Subramanian live! #ilovemyjob
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 28, 2014
20.39: After the drums in Japan,organisers had hoped Narendra Modi would join garba dancers at MSG... But not on programme
After the drums in Japan,organisers had hoped @narendramodi would join garba dancers at msg... But not on programme pic.twitter.com/o524vaNNrV
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 28, 2014
20.38: A Gujarati folk dance is taking place now at MSG
20.38: Momentum building up for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to NRIs
20.28: Nina Davuluri, Indian American Miss America spotted at The Garden for Modi's address
— Narayan Lakshman (@narlak) September 28, 2014
20.20: Great crowd at Modison square garden! except a few ones who still believe abuse is a way of proving their machismo
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 28, 2014
A giant screen above the main platform displays (positive) tweets about Modi's visit #ModiInUS
— Rahul Pandita (@rahulpandita) September 28, 2014
View from press box at msg... #ModiInAmerica pic.twitter.com/4zotwPb7Y9

Modi to meet top American CEOs  US President Obama todaySep 29, 2014, 08.34 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Modi to meet top American CEOs, US President Obama today
Modi is expected to meet top American CEOs on Monday ahead of his first ever meeting with US President Barack Obama. Modi will leave for Washington after meeting former US President Bill Clinton and former US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi to meet top American CEOs, US President Obama today
Modi is expected to meet top American CEOs on Monday ahead of his first ever meeting with US President Barack Obama. Modi will leave for Washington after meeting former US President Bill Clinton and former US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.
Post your opinion here
 
After receiving a rousing reception at the Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to get into the business end of his five-day trip.
Modi is expected to meet top American CEOs on Monday ahead of his first ever meeting with US President Barack Obama. Modi will leave for Washington after meeting former US President Bill Clinton and former US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.
CEOs of 11 top companies will be meeting Modi to understand his vision for the Indian economy and his vision as far as bringing FDI to India is concerned. CEOs said that they wanted more clarity in terms of the policies.
Also read: India capable of leading in 21st century, says PM Modi
Modi met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netahnyahu late Sunday night marking a distinct shift in India's position on the West Asian conflict. The two leaders discussed expanding ties and Netanyahu invited Modi to Israel.
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "Discussion with Israeli Prime Minister were on how to expand ties in view of change in the Government of India. Areas of discussion were agriculture and water management."
RELATED NEWS

Cox and Kings  Thomas Cook soar on Modi visa boostCox and Kings, Thomas Cook soar on Modi visa boost
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 03:18 PM IST
Shares of companies engaged in travel support services such as Cox and Kings and Thomas Cook (India) have rallied by up to 13% in otherwise weak market after Prime Minister Narendra Modi eased visa rules for U.S. tourists.
Cox and Kings has surged 13% to Rs 330, while Thomas Cook (India) soared 9% to Rs 148 during intra-day deal on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday announced several measures to ease travel to their motherland including life-long visas. A person of Indian origin (PIO) will get a lifelong visa for India.
Currently PIO cards, given to those who themselves, their parents or grandparents or their spouse, were one-time Indian citizens, allow for visa-free travel to and from India. However, a PIO card is only valid for 15 years, IANS report suggests.
 

Markets flat; Pharma and IT shares gainMarkets flat; Pharma and IT shares gain
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 02:43 PM IST
Benchmark indices continue to trade flat in the late noon trades as gains in healthcare and IT shares offset losses in FMCG and metal stocks. IT majors TCS and Infosys along with drug maker Sun Pharma are contributing nearly 100 points to the rise on the 30-share Sensex.
 
Meanwhile, investors have become cautious ahead of the RBI monetary policy scheduled tomorrow.
 
At 2.30 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 31 points at 26,658 and the 50-share Nifty is up 6 points at 7,975.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index is up 1.4% and Small-cap index was up 1.8%.
 
The market breadth is strong on the BSE with 1,896 shares advancing and 913 shares declining.
 
Global Markets:  
 
Asian markets remained volatile following political unrest in Hong Kong, the worst since China took control 20 years ago. Japanese shares firmed up 0.5% led by exporters' shares following the weakness in the yen. Shanghai Composite was up 0.5% while shares in Hong Kong witnessed selling pressure with the Hang Seng down nearly 2%. Meanwhile, Singapore's Straits Times was trading flat with negative bias.
 
European markers are trading lower 0.1-0.2% each ahead of key economic data for release later today.
 
Rupee:
 
The Indian rupee was trading lower at Rs 61.44 to the US dollar compared to Friday's close of Rs 61.14 because of month-end dollar demand from importers. Further, the trend in the Indian currency will track the RBI monetary policy review tomorrow.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Healthcare and Consumer Durables are the top leading indices up 2% followed by IT and Teck indices up over 1%. However, metal and FMCG indices are losing sheen on the BSE down nearly 1% each. BSE Auto and Realty indices are trading flat.
 
Shares of pharmaceutical companies are on a roll on the back of positive announcements. Sun Pharma has rallied 4% to Rs 836, extending its Friday’s 4% gain, after the drug maker received a Form 483, following the USFDA audit on its Halol plant in Gujarat, an analyst note from Credit Suisse said. Following the tandem, Cipla has gained over 1% in the late noon trades. However, Dr Reddy’s Lab is trading with marginal gains.
 
The technology pack is trading higher on the back of robust U.S. gross domestic product data. U.S. gross domestic product expanded at an annual rate of 4.6% in the second quarter, in line with the consensus forecast, after contracting by 2.1% in the first three months of the year. U.S. second quarter GDP was initially reported to have increased by 4.2%. 
 
TCS has gained 2.5% on the back of being awarded as the "Best Technology Provider" by "Reactions," a leading insurance publication covering the global insurance and reinsurance market on September, 26 2014. Infosys and Wipro have surged between 0.5-2%.
 
In the Oil and Gas space, GAIL is up 2% and RIL has climbed nearly 1%. However, ONGC is trading marginally in green.  Reliance Industries and ONGC which lost in the previous sessions after the government deferred its decision on gas pricing till November 15 have rebounded in today’s trade.
 
SBI is trading over 1% higher after international rating firm Standard and Poor's  upgrades its outlook to 'stable' from 'negative'.
 
Fresh buying is evident in the Capital Goods space. BHEL and engineering conglomerate L&T have gained 2.5% and 0.5% each.
 
Hindalco and Tata Motors are some of the notable names in green.
 
On the flip side, FMCG majors are down after recent market research report suggests that rural consumption declined 7% in May-July against a fall of 1% in the year-ago period. In value terms, consumption rose just 1%, compared with 2% last year. Further, downgrade by Morgan Stanley to 'underweight' from 'equalweight' weighed on HUL and the stock is down 1.3%. ITC has lost 1.3%.
 
The positive US GDP data for the second quarter has fueled concerns over Fed rate hike which will affect the rate sensitive sectors including Auto and Financials in the near future.
 
Financial stocks are trading lower as investors booked profits ahead of the RBI monetary policy review tomorrow. HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank are down between 0.5-1%.
 
Mahindra and Mahindra which gained over 3% after the company launched its new Scorpio model in the previous session is down over 0.5% on profit taking. Following the tandem, Hero Motocorp, Maruti Suzuki and Bajaj Auto are trading lower between 0.2-0.8%.
 
Metal shares continue to trade lower following the Supreme Court verdict with Sesa Sterlite and Tata Steel down between 1-1.5%. 
 
Coal India which gained recently after the Supreme Court cancelled all coal block allocations except government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis has lost over 1% in today’s trade.
 
Tata Power, NTPC and Bharti Airtel are some of the prominent names in red among others.
 

Jan Dhan accounts cross 5 crore mark  banks collect over Rs 3500 croreSep 29, 2014 at 03:59pm IST
Jan Dhan accounts cross 5 crore mark, banks collect over Rs 3500 crore
5
0
Mumbai: Banks have opened a whopping five crore accounts under the Jan Dhan scheme till September 25 and collected over Rs 3,500 crore in deposits, a top Finance Ministry official said on Monday.
Led by state-run banks, the system has opened over 5 crore accounts under the Jan Dhan scheme as of September 25 and the deposits collected through the scheme have crossed Rs 3,500 crore, Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu told the annual meeting of the Indo-American Chamber.
The average deposit per account through this scheme is Rs 800-900, he said.
The average deposit per account through this scheme is Rs 800-900, official said.
#jan dhan yojna #bank accounts #banks #narendra modi
Giving a major push to the Aadhaar scheme, Sandhu said, all these accounts will be seeded to the Aadhar number and will have biometrics to avoid the duplication.
The Jan Dhan scheme was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his Independence Day address and was formally launched on August 28.
On the opening day itself, banks opened over 1.5 crore accounts. The government has set a target to open 7.5 crore such no-frills accounts by Republic Day next year.
Each of these accounts comes with Rs 5,000 overdraft facility and a Rs 1 lakh accident cover and are linked only to the RuPay cards.
9

As Narendra Modi tours US  police arrest 140 for communal clashes in GujaratE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gionee CTRL V4S with a 4.5-inch display  8MP camera launched in India at Rs 9 99937
0
New Delhi: Adding a new product to its portfolio, Gioness has launched a new smartphone - the CTRL V4S - in India at a price of Rs 9,999. The dual-SIM Gionee CTRL V4S is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor and runs Android 4.4 OS.
The device comes with a new feature Hotknot that allows two phones to exchange photos and videos in an instant as long as the two screens are put together.
The phone features a 4.5-inch IPS display, an 8 megapixel rear camera, internal memory of 8GB, and 1GB of RAM. It comes packed with a 1800mAh battery.
The device comes with a new feature Hotknot that allows two phones to exchange photos and videos in an instant as long as the two screens are put together.

AirAsia restarts direct daily flights from Hyderabad to Kuala Lumpur at Rs 2 099AirAsia restarts direct daily flights from Hyderabad to Kuala Lumpur at Rs 2,099
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 17:08  IST
Sep 29 2014, 17:08  IST
 

Modi gets Gita as gift from GabbardModi gets Gita as gift from Gabbard
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 29:  
Influential lawmaker Tulsi Gabbard, the only Hindu member of the US Congress, has met Prime Minister Narendra Modi here and presented her personal copy of Bhagavad Gita to him, saying it was a gesture to express her love for India.
Gabbard, a 33-year-old US Democrat Congresswoman from Hawaii, called on the Prime Minister at his hotel here.
She presented to the Prime Minister a copy of Gita, which she had placed in her hand when she took oath while being sworn in to the US House of Representative.
“Gita I gave u I had since child, took shelter of in Mid East war zone duty, took Congressional Oath on,” she tweeted after her meeting with Modi.
“Today I was very honoured to have the opportunity to meet with Prime Minister Modi, where I presented him with a gift of my personal copy of the Bhagavad Gita,” she wrote on her Facebook page.
“Nothing could have been more special and valuable to me than this Gita which I have had with me since a child,” she added.
“It is said that the greatest gift you can give someone is that which is of the greatest value to you, because it is a personal sacrifice to give up something which is very dear to you. So my presenting of my personal Bhagavad Gita to the Prime Minister was my way of expressing just how deep my affection and love is for India, for the Prime Minister, and for the people of India who he represents,” she added.
Gabbard was also present at the Madison Square reception hosted by Indian-Americans for Modi.
“It was great to hear his message of peace and friendship at his address to an energised crowd at New York’s renowned Madison Square Garden,” she said after Modi’s address to NRIs.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Doha Bank to acquire India operations of HSBC OmanDoha Bank to acquire India operations of HSBC Oman
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 29:  
Seeking to expand Asian operations, Qatar-based Doha Bank will acquire the Indian operations of the HSBC Bank Oman.
The board of Doha Bank has approved the terms of amalgamation to “take over and combine” the banking operations of HSBC Bank Oman SAOG, India, with Doha Bank QSC India operation as a going concern, Doha Bank said a filing to the Qatar Stock Exchange.
However, financial details of the transaction remain undisclosed.
Late last year Doha Bank had secured licence from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to commence banking operations in India and has been permitted to open a branch in Mumbai to provide full—scale banking services. PTI JD CS SA 09291833
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

PVR to raise Rs 500 cr through QIPHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
PVR to raise Rs 500 cr through QIP
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 29:  
Multiplex operator PVR Ltd on Monday said that the board has approved plans to raise Rs 500 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP).
The board in its Annual General Meeting authorised PVR to raise the fund, PVR informed the BSE. It also approved management services agreement with its JV firm PVR bluO Entertainment. Moreover, Ajay Bijli along with five independent directors has been appointed.
The independent directors are - Sanjay Kapoor, Sanjay Khanna, Vikram Bakshi, Sanjai Vohra and Amit Burmam. On July 31, PVR had said that it would Rs 500 crore through QIP for any inorganic growth or acquisition.
Shares of the company today closed at Rs 700.85 a piece on the BSE, down 0.34 per cent from previous close.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Infrastructure boost to reduce supply-demand mismatch in cement industry‘Infrastructure boost to reduce supply-demand mismatch in cement industry’
Our Bureau
Cement companies may benefit from the proposed increase in long-term funding availability for infrastructure projects which is likely to facilitate more investment in the industry.
Ahmedabad, Sept 29:  
Infrastructure boost under the new government and consequent growth in cement demand is likely to reduce supply-demand mismatch in the cement industry.
The Indian cement industry is confronting excess capacity problem since the last many decades, resulting in lower capacity utilisation of cement plants. The country’s present cement-manufacturing capacity is around 375 mt but the demand is only about 300 mt per annum.
“However, this gap is likely to shrink as focus on revival of stalled infrastructure projects results in higher demand growth over next few years,” Alok Sanghi, Director, Sanghi Cement Ltd, said here on Monday.
Cement companies may benefit from the proposed increase in long-term funding availability for infrastructure projects which is likely to facilitate more investment in these sectors. “Only through infrastructure spending, India can raise its per capita consumption, which is far lower at around 190 kg compared to over 350 kg in Brazil and 1500 kg in China.”
Higher spend on public infrastructure is likely to increase cement consumption in this sector, while the share of residential sector is expected to decline. A recent report by CII and AT Kearney, titled ‘Cement Vision 2025: Scaling New Heights”, said while residential and commercial construction will continue to spur cement demand, the industry’s real boost is expected to come from an increase in the pace of infrastructure creation over the next 10 years. An infrastructure investment of between 9-12% of GDP will be required to enable sustained economic growth in India.
With the Government focused on nation-wide infrastructure growth and various housing projects in urban and rural areas, the measures to promote investment in ports, roads, airports and other infrastructure projects would support cement demand. “The industry is also likely to get boost from demand for smart cities project,” he said.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi s decisions make the diaspora feel truly welcome: Lord Swraj PaulE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Temple cleaned after visit  reiterates Bihar CMComments
Bihar Chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Monday reiterated his stunning, if disputed, claim that he was treated as an ‘untouchable’ even after he assumed the high office he holds.
Manjhi had said a temple in Madhubani (north Bihar) he visited (on August 18) in the run up to the August 21 Bihar assembly bypolls, “was cleaned and the idol washed”, after he left the place, as he was a dalit.
“I did not see this happen. But I was informed of this happening later by Ramlakhan Ram Raman (mines and geology minister and a fellow dalit)”, the chief minister had said on Sunday at a gathering.
Raman denied saying anything of the kind to Manjhi. “My name has been wrongly dragged into the matter”, Raman, told reporters seeking confirmation of the alleged incident.
But the chief minister held his ground. “Raman narrated the temple washing incident twice. I don’t know why he is denying it now”, Manjhi told reporters. “Even (former MP and RJD leader) Devendra Prasad Yadav told me the incident happened”, he added.
As such, the chief minister said, he had directed the Darbhanga divisional commissioner and zonal inspector general of police to investigate the matter and submit a report about the incident.
Bihar JD (U) president Bashistha Narayan Singh condemned the incident and said the ruling party was inquiring into the matter at its own level. “Those found guilty will be punished but let’s not drag this matter”, he said, apparently embarrassed by the turn of events.
The BJP, Bihar’s principal opposition party, said the chief minister’s claim he was treated as an untouchable was an attempt to assert his dalit identity to counter the widespread impression he was a stopgap chief minister.
“Manjhi is pitching for dalit consolidation of the kind seen in Uttar Pradesh, under the leadership of BSP leader Mayawati. He is looking to create a separate dalit constituency Bihar has never had”, said Bihar BJP chief Mangal Pandey.
He claimed Manjhi was upset about the impression that he was selected to be chief minister because his party, the JD (U), had suffered a stunning defeat in the Lok Sabha poll and wanted a dalit face at the helm but only till the assembly poll next year.
Interestingly, Manjhi himself said so at a function organised in the memory of late Bhola Paswan Shastri, Bihar’s first dalit chief minister. Manjhi is the third dalit leader to hold the high post, JD (U) leader Ram Sunder Das being the second.
“I am chief minister for only next 10 months”, Manjhi said, indicating he would have to make way for a successor at the time of the next Bihar assembly election, due in October 2015, or immediately after it.
Manjhi, who took charge in May after the then chief minister Nitish Kumar put in his paper after his party’s ‘two seats out of Bihar’s 40’ Lok Sabha poll show, left none in doubt he saw dalit unity as the way forward for himself.
“If all dalits come together, Bihar can have a dalit chief minister even after the assembly poll”, he told the gathering.
Manjhi also said people who came to him for some work felt no qualms about falling at his feet . “This is the world we live in”, he stated.
Interestingly, leaders of the chief minister’s own party remained emphatic in denying that the temple incident in reference had taken place.
“No such incident took place. The CM has been wrongly informed. I can vouch for the fact that the people were very respectful towards him and happy he visited the temple”, said JD (U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh, who is from Madhubani and had hosted the CM.
Recalling Manjhi’s election campaign trip in August, Singh said the chief minister had lunch at his (Singh’s) Jhanjharpur residence and stopped at the Parmeshwari temple at Rudrapur on the request of the locals.
“I was present there during and after the CM’s temple visit and there was absolutely no question of the idol being washed or the temple premises being cleaned”, the JD (U) MLC told HT.
Even rural development minister Nitish Mishra, who was also present when Manjhi’s temple visit took place, said the chief minister had been wrongly informed about his temple visit aftermath.
“The idol at the Parmeshwari temple is made of clay. If it is washed, the idol of the deity will disintegrate”, Mishra stated.
Bihar has some history of dalits being debarred from visiting temples. For instance, a dalit woman was allegedly beaten up in July 2012 after she entered a temple in north Bihar’s Begusarai district.
On the flip side, Chandeshwar Paswan, a Sanskrit scholar, was appointed Bihar’s first Dalit priest of the famous Vishwanath Mahadev Mandir at Hajipur in May 2006.
In 2007, the Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts (BSBRT) appointed another Dalit, Jamuna Das, as a priest in the Shiva temple at Bihta on January 14, the Makarsankranti Day.
Phalhari Suryavanshi Das, a Dalit scholar, from Ravi Das temple in Ayodhya was appointed as a priest at ‘Mahavir sthan’, Patna’s most famous Hanuman temple, near the Patna junction railway station.
Yet another Dalit from Mushahar community (lowest strata of the society) Janardan Manjhi, was appointed priest of the 300-year- at Hajipur.
In 2007, the Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts (BSBRT) appointed another Dalit, Jamuna Das, as a priest in the Shiva temple at Bihta on January 14, the Makarsankranti Day.
Phalhari Suryavanshi Das, a Dalit scholar, from Ravi Das temple in Ayodhya was appointed as a priest at ‘Mahavir sthan’, Patna’s most famous Hanuman temple, near the Patna junction railway station.
Yet another Dalit from Mushahar community (lowest strata of the society) Janardan Manjhi, was appointed priest of the 300-year-old Ram Janaki temple at Paliganj in June 2007.

Edelweiss expects RBI to keep policy rates unchangedEdelweiss expects RBI to keep policy rates unchanged
Thermal Powertech to commission power unit near KrishnapatnamHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Thermal Powertech to commission power unit near Krishnapatnam
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 29:  
Thermal Powertech Corporation India Ltd., the joint venture company between Gayatri Energy Ventures Private Limited and Singapore based SembCorp Utilities has achieved boiler light up for first phase of its 1,320 MW thermal power plant in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh, located near the coast of Krishnapatnam.
This represents another step towards commissioning which is expected to be done by the end of the year.
TPCIL has signed a power purchase agreement with Andhra Pradesh Power Distribution Companies, wholly-owned by the government of Telangana for supply of 500 MW of competitive power to the Central, Eastern, Southern and Northern Power Distribution Companies of Andhra Pradesh for a period of 25 years.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Surat  Ahmedabad powerloom units to get Central supportSurat, Ahmedabad powerloom units to get Central support 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 29 :  
The Ministry of Textiles will implement the scheme for in-situ upgradation of plain powerlooms for SSI sector in Surat and Ahmedabad powerloom clusters in Gujarat. 
The scheme will be implemented also during the present Twelfth Five Year Plan, a statement from the Regional Office of Textiles Commissioner informed on Monday. 
As per the scheme, the Central government shall provide financial assistance in the form of maximum subsidy up to Rs 15,000 per powerloom for upgradation attachments and kits. Also, a maximum subsidy to a powerloom unit would be Rs 1.20 lakh. 
“The upgradation includes attachments like Warp and Weft stop motion, efficient braking device (electro-mechanical), anti crack device, replacement of metallic parts by self-lubricating nylon parts, mechanical dobby and jacquard, among others.
 
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

FTIL finally exits from MCXJignesh Shah exits MCX
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 10:31 PM IST
Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) promoter Jignesh Shah on Monday exited the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX), the country’s largest commodity bourse that he founded in 2003, with FTIL signing an agreement with Kotak Mahindra Bank to sell its 15 per cent stake.
“I am sure the Kotak Mahindra group, as a significant minority shareholder, will contribute to MCX’s growth. We look forward to a constructive partnership as its technology partner, ” Shah said.
With Kotak’s entry, the exchange is now set to be fully institutionalised. Before signing its share-sale pact, FTIL revised its technology supply contract with MCX. The agreement period, lowered from 33 years to 10 years, will expire in October 2022. Also, software charges were reduced from Rs 2 crore to Rs 1.5 crore a month and transaction-based charges were lowered from 12.5 per cent to 10.3 per cent.
Following the announcement of FTIL’s exit and relaxed technology terms, the Forward Markets Commission on Monday approved MCX’s contract-launch calendar for 2015 and 2016 —27 contracts — removing all uncertainties surrounding the fate of the exchange.
FTIL had to sell its entire holding in MCX — 26 per cent then — as the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) in December last year declared it, besides Shah and two others, ‘not fit’ to hold a stake in a commodity bourse. FTIL has challenged FMC’s order in court and a decision is pending. But when Shah had to step down from MCX’s board a year ago, following a payment crisis at National Spot Exchange Ltd, a firm promoted by him, he had announced he would exit all exchanges. That was much before the FMC order.
India has had an interesting history of commodity bourses. In 2002-03, when the government invited bids for setting up national exchanges to trade in commodity derivatives, only two bids were accepted. Both of these applicants had good domain knowledge but one could never start an exchange. The other one did but remained a marginal player all through.
By comparison, FTIL’s bid for setting up a commodity bourse was accepted in the second round. And its MCX, barring the first few years, has remained the market leader, with 80-90 per cent share. It retained its top position despite the imposition of a commodity transaction tax (CTT) in July 2013 causing a sharp decline in volumes across exchanges.
The reduction in charges and FTIL’s exit are expected to help MCX improve its finances, which had been hit, with its transaction-based income coming down after CTT introduction.
END OF A JOURNEY
Apr 2002: FTIL gets in-principle approval to incorporate Multi Commodity Exchange, a commodity bourse
 
Nov 2003: MCX begins operation (in record nine months)
 
2006: MCX becomes India’s largest commodity exchange
 
2007: NYSE Euronext, Merrill Lynch Holdings, ICICI Bank, Kotak Mahindra, ILFS, Citigroup, New Vermon and others buy stakes in MCX
 
Mar 2012: MCX becomes India’s first exchange to be listed
 
Apr 2013: MCX records top daily turnover of Rs 1,19,941 cr
 
Mar 2014: FTIL appoints financial advisor for divestment of stake in MCX; FTIL board appoints a committee to oversee the stake-sale process
 

Hong Kong protests swell© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85d95cd2-478a-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China approves two banking licencesAlibaba affiliate wins approval for bank licence
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/605c26bc-47d3-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New normal Dow dips of 100-plus pointsNew normal? Dow dips of 100-plus points
By: Adam Shell September 29, 2014 9:55 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in August. (Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
The stock market calm seems to be a thing of the past. The Dow opened down  more than 100 points Monday, extending its string of price moves of 100 points or more to a sixth session — and its longest such streak since June 2013.
In early trading Monday, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 150 points, or 0.9%, to 16,963, erasing nearly all of Friday’s 167-point gain. The market has been extremely volatile in the past week or so, and investors were rattled to start the week by pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong that began Sunday and had investors wondering if a repeat of the Tiananmen Square protests in spring 1989 was brewing.
If the Dow finishes down — or up — by more than 100 points Monday, it will mark the first triple-digit point move of six days or more since an eight-session streak from June 11 to June 2o of 2013. That decline was exacerbated by a so-called “taper tantrum,” as investors reacted negatively to the earliest signs that the Fed would begin to pare back its bond-buying program. The Fed started to pull back on asset purchases this January and are slated to phase out quantitative easing, or QE, next month.
Last week, the Dow took investors on a wild ride. Here is how the Dow has closed the past five sessions:
Friday     +167 pts.

Tata Power to create `TALIN navigation tech in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Power defence unit to make Honeywell’s navigator system
M Somasekhar
Designed to operate where GPS is not available
Hyderabad, Sep. 29.:  
In one of the first ‘Make in India’, manufacturing initiatives, Tata Power will produce Honeywell Aerospace’s ‘Talin’ navigator system in India.
Honeywell Aerospace, the US-headquartered technology giant, has signed a licencing agreement with Tata Power’s Strategic Engineering Division (SED).
Patented technology
Tactical Advanced Land Inertial Navigator or Talin is a Honeywell-patented technology, which enables vehicles and artillery to navigate very precisely, even where GPS satellite guidance is not available, to increase troop safety and maximise mission success.
The announcement by the two corporates today comes days after the meeting by Prime Minister Narendra Modi held in New Delhi, where global CEOs and top Indian honchos made presentations on the ‘Make in India’ initiative.
Varying capabilities
Honeywell will licence the design, hardware and expertise to assemble, test and, in the future, build the production kits for Talin to Tata Power SED.
It will provide the Indian Armed Forces with a locally constructed advanced land navigation technology.
The initial efforts will begin in 2015 for the Talin 2000 with production and manufacturing of the system components expected by 2016.
The agreement will also be extended to cover Honeywell’s Talin 3000, 4000 and 5000 products, which offer varying capabilities to suit a wide range of operational requirements.
Rahul Chaudhry, CEO, Tata Power SED in a statement said: “We will offer the Indian Armed Forces a state-of-the-art inertial navigation technology, made in India and with local product support”.
Arijit Ghosh, President India, Honeywell Aerospace said: “By partnering with Tata Power SED on the production of Talin we are aligning with the Government’s aim of increasing locally manufactured technologies for India’s defence industry and giving the Indian Armed Forces an easy-to-justify option for navigation on the 21st century battlefield.”
What is Talin?
Talin is a highly accurate, shock-stabilised position and pointing inertial navigation system designed for use on a wide range of military and commercial platforms.
It provides users with extremely precise attitude and position awareness with or without the use of GPS.
It is best for environments where GPS signals are unavailable.
More than 15,000 systems from the Talin family are operating on more than 60 military and commercial platforms worldwide, Honeywell said.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

S V Prasad is new vigilance commissioner of APS V Prasad is new vigilance commissioner of AP
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 29,
Andhra Pradesh Government on Monday appointed former chief secretary of Andhra Pradesh, S V Prasad, as the first vigilance commissioner of the state after bifurcation.
Prasad, a 1975-batch IAS officer, holds a bachelors degree and mechanical engineering and MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has been appointed for a period of three years.
He served chief secretary of the state during January 2010 to September 2011, according to a release.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

PM meets top US CEOs  pitches India storyPM meets top US CEOs, pitches India story
Press Trust of India | New York Sep 29, 2014 07:40 PM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Modi said India is open-minded and want the change, which is "not one-sided".
Listening to concerns raised by the business leaders, Modi assured them that his government will address their issues and try to make the environment in India more business- friendly.
Describing the meeting as "excellent and very good", all business leaders, including Nooyi and Corbat, said that the Prime Minister heard their concerns and listed out the priority areas of his government to take forward the India story to higher levels.
"(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past," Modi told the CEOs.
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed" and allowed the Government to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are functional.
Modi's observation comes in the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiments and overall business climate.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," the spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin tweeted, quoting Modi as said at the meeting.
The Prime Minister also told the business leaders that "infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs and enhances quality of life of our citizens.
Modi has breakfast with top US CEOs

Protests raise questionsFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Assam to set up 50-MW gas-based powerplantPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 29, 2014 8:08 pm
Two state-sector PSUs of Assam — Assam Gas Company Limited (AGCL) and Assam Power Generation Corporation Limited (APGCL) — have come forward to set up a 50-MW power plant by utilising associated gas that generally go waste in the state’s oil flields, power and industry minister Pradyut Bordoloi said on Monday.
Estimated to cost about Rs 300 crore, the gas-based power project will be set up in Titabor in Jorhat district, the constituency that Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi represents. The project is expected to be commissioned in two years.
The minister said Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited has agreed to sell associated gas from its oil fields in Jorhat and Golaghat districts for the project. AGCL will the lay the pipeline network for collecting the associated gas to feed the power project.
Bordoloi also said that APGCL would soon set up a solar power plant at the site in Amguri in Sivasagar district, where a gas-based power project failed to take off in the past 20 years after ONGC and Oil India Limited expressed their inability to supply the required gas for the project.

UST Global launches mobile app to provide healthcare at remoteplacesPrint
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 7:49 pm
UST Global, an information technology solutions and services company unveiled an advanced Telemedicine application, conceptualized by Dr. Pavan Kumar, Head of Dept. of Cardiovascular Surgery and Telemedicine centre, Nanavati Super Specialty Hospital, in collaboration with BlackBerry India.
Telemedicine for mobile devices, developed by UST Global, is a BlackBerry10 based mobile application that uses telecommunication in order to enable staff to provide clinical health care at remote locations. The application helps to eliminate distance barriers and to improve access to medical specialists that would often not be consistently available in distant rural communities.
The app is conceptualized by Dr. Pavan Kumar, Head of Dept. of Cardiovascular Surgery and Telemedicine centre, Nanavati Super Specialty Hospital and is created in collaboration with BlackBerry India.
“This app development is going to replace Desktop Telemedicine solutions to Mobile Devices, giving people power to get health care in their hands through Mobile Smart phones. This collaboration reinforces our continued focus towards improving the health and well being of India by providing an innovative solution with high quality and secure BlackBerry platform services,” said Kumar.
In this application, the remote clinic staff enters the visiting patients’ demographics, vital signs, illness details, preliminary diagnosis information, and uploads existing medical reports. The assigned doctor reviews the patient details and performs consultation with the patient remotely using a video session launched through BlackBerry Messenger (BBM). He provides the final opinion and uploads the prescription via the application. The remote clinic staff downloads and hands over a printed copy of the prescription to the patient.
The telemedicine mobile application, available on BlackBerry 10 Devices. UST Global plans to make the application available on other mobile platforms and integrate with various medical devices to allow the doctor to perform real-time diagnostics of the patient remotely. More advanced features like integration with Google Glass are also planned for future release.

Ram Manjhi orders probe into purification of temple aftervisitPrint
Manjhi claimed he was a victim of such caste bias as a temple was washed soon after his visit for obeisance. (SourcE: PTI/file)
Written by Santosh Singh | Tharthi ( Madhubani ) | Posted: September 29, 2014 7:39 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 3:38 pm
A day after Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi alleged that a Madhubani temple and its “idol” were “washed after his visit” during the recent Assembly bypolls, state rural development minister Nitish Mishra and JD(U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh, who had accompanied Manjhi to the temple, denied the Chief Minister’s charge. Monday also saw Manjhi ordering the Darbhanga commissioner to conduct an inquiry into the incident and asked zonal IG to follow it up. When confronted regarding Mishra and Singh’s claims, Manjhi said: “I have never lied in life,” said the CM.
Mishra told The Indian Express that the temple, to which he and Vinod Singh accompanied the CM, does not have an idol but an earthen pind. “It is an ancient Kali temple, which is open to all. DMs, BDOs and other officials from Scheduled Caste have also visited it”.
Denying the Chief Minister’s allegations of the temple having been “washed after his visit”, Mishra said: “No such thing happened. Rather, the Chief Minister was overwhelmed with the reception. He may have been misinformed about it.”
He added that had such a thing happened, a case would have been registered promptly and the entire village would have been fined.
JD(U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh echoed what Mishra said. “Ram Lashan Ram Raman (stae Mines and Geology Minister) must have been misinformed by his people. Those people should be brought before the police and the media to give the true version,” said Singh.
On the other hand, residents of Tharhi are greatly upset at Manjhi’s allegations. The villagers demanded Manjhi “apologise to the goddess” and alleged that he “might have issued such remarks to further his Dalit politics ahead of next year’s elections”.
Parmeshwari temple priest Ashok Kumar Jha said they were pained at the allegation. “I could not even carry out regular evening cleaning that day as people continued to visit the temple till late in the evening. The clay pind in any case is never washed,” he said.
Dhanesar Ram, a Mahadalit, was beating drums at the temple amidst ongoing Durga Puja festivities. A third generation drum beater, Ram said he seldom faced casteist remarks in the Brahmin-dominated village.
Local RJD leader Ramvilas Dhangar, also a Mahadalit, said he had contested thrice from Rajnagar Assembly as BSP candidate but never faced or learnt of caste discrimination at the temple.
Shivesh Jha, a village elder, said: “We are deeply hurt. The CM should have checked his facts. We gave him so much respect and he returned the favour by playing Dalit politics”.
Villagers paraded some Mahadalits of the village on Monday evening to show that the temple does not discriminate on caste lines. Young voters were enraged and demanded Manjhi “apologise to continued…

Google inks MoU with AP to support state s I...You are here: Home > Collections > Mou
Google inks MoU with Andhra Pradesh to support state's IT vision
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 08.08PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Under the pact, Google India…)
VISAKHAPATNAM: Google India today signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Andhra Pradesh government to support AP Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu's vision of transforming the state of Andhra Pradesh to 'Digital AP'.
Under the pact, Google India would work with the AP government to get women as well as small and medium business online.
The MoU was signed by Google India Vice-President and Managing Director Rajan Anandan and AP secretary Sanjay Jaju in the presence of AP Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu .
Addressing a gathering later, Rajananandan said that Google India would collaborate with the AP government to achieve its vision to make it a model digital state. He said self help groups would be put online with Telugu content.
"We are delighted to collaborate with AP government to achieve its vision to be a model digital state. Creating awareness about the benefits of the internet and its adoption among women, small medium businesses and children can deliver a huge economic impact for the state," he said.
Improved accessibility to AP government websites and scaling up local language web could open up whole new opportunities for local entrepreneurs and make the Internet more meaningful to non-English speaking users, he said.
AP Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu said that his state wishes to be the first one to embrace the Prime Minister's vision of a 'Digital India' .
"We are happy to announce a number of initiatives along with Google, that will serve as the foundation in achieving the Digital AP vision. I will personally be involved in ensuring the roll out of these initiatives and monitor the impact."
Highlights of the MoU include helping AP government make its websites mobile-ready and accessible in the local language, promoting internet safety among children and government officials, get more local languages content online, collaborate with AP government to scale up initiatives to promote digital literacy amongst women, as well as help small medium businesses in the state gain from the internet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rs 215-crore loan to Loop at stake  Axis Ban...Airtel
(The company had to buy spectrum…)
NEW DELHI: Private sector lender Axis Bank has told the Department of Telecom that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved expeditiously.
"We (a consortium of lenders) had advanced loans of Rs 350 crore to Loop Mobile (India) Limited and the current outstanding is Rs 215 crore...Public money through banks has been channelised into the company which is at stake," Axis Bank's Senior Vice President Ashish Kumar Singh said in a letter dated September 4 to the Department of Telecom (DoT).
The consortium has two other banks as members Mumbai-based Loop Mobile's licences will expire in November after which it will not be able to offer telecom services. The company had to buy spectrum afresh to continue its operations but it did not participate in the auction held in February.
The company in June last had entered in to agreement with Bharti Airtel to sell its assets for about Rs 700 crore.
DoT estimates that Loop Mobile and its other sister concern owes it about Rs 808 crore. The Department, according to sources, has held the clearance related to the deal as the payment has not been made yet to the government.
No comment on this could be obtained from Loop Mobile. Loop Mobile in a representation had earlier said that money realised from its deal with Airtel will be used for clearing debts and hence it should be expedited.
"Considering the said deal will safeguard interests if Banks and subscribers, we request you to expedite the approval for the said deal," Singh said in the letter to the DoT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tamil Nadu CM Panneerselvam  colleagues leave for Bangalore to meet JayalalithaaSep 29, 2014 at 07:27pm IST
Tamil Nadu CM Panneerselvam, colleagues leave for Bangalore to meet Jayalalithaa
4
0
Chennai: Hours after being sworn in as the Chief Minister, Jayalalithaa's trusted lieutenant O Panneerselvam left for Bangalore with his senior Cabinet colleagues to call on the AIADMK supremo, who is in prison after being convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
Senior party leaders and cabinet ministers, including Natham R Viswanathan, R Vaithilingam, Edapadi Palanisamy, C Vijayabaskar, K C Veeramani and B V Ramana also accompanied the CM on the private flight, airport sources said.
Panneerselvam was sworn-in as the Chief Minister to head the 31-member Council of Ministers by Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah in a low-key function at the Raj Bhavan in Chennai on Monday afternoon.
Panneerselvam was sworn-in as the Chief Minister to head the 31-member Council of Ministers by Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah on Monday.
#jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #panneerselvam #disproportionate assets
A Special Court in Bangalore had on September 27 convicted Jayalalithaa and sentenced her to four years imprisonment in the disproportionate assets case, resulting in her automatic disqualification as MLA under the Representation of People Act.
Jayalalithaa and three others convicted in the case are now lodged in Parappana Agrahara prison on the outskirts of Bangalore.
4

Congress is not our political rival: NCP leader Sunil Tatkare5
0
Mumbai: Despite parting ways with the Congress which was the Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) ally for 15 years, the NCP said on Monday that its former partner is not its political adversary.
"Shiv Sena-BJP were our main political rivals. There is no question of considering Congress as our adversary," NCP Maharashtra unit president Sunil Tatkare told reporters.
Tatkare also rejected allegations from the Congress leadership that there is a hidden pact between his party and the BJP.
Tatkare also rejected allegations from the Congress leadership that there is a hidden pact between his party and the BJP.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ncp #congress
"This allegation has been levelled against us since 1999. Despite fighting the 1999 polls separately, NCP preferred to go with the Congress taking initiative to set up the Congress-NCP coalition, which shows its commitment to secularism," he said.
When asked if the same situation would be repeated after next month's Maharashtra assembly polls, Tatkare said, "Let the elections get over and results be declared first".
Tatkare also disapproved former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan's criticism that Ajit Pawar's ambitions cost the 15-year-old alliance.
"Such comments are uncalled for," Tatkare said.
0

Students won t need attestation of documents  self-certification enough42
1
New Delhi: Students applying for courses in universities will no longer require attestation of their documents as self-certification will be enough, a development that will come as a huge relief to them.
Following up on the decision taken by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the UGC has sent a communication to Vice Chancellors of universities across the country asking them to initiate "urgent steps" for implementing the measures. It gave them a week's time to comply with the directions.
"It is requested that the process of abolition of affidavits and adoption of self-certification may be complied with at the earliest and compliance report be sent to UGC with a week of the issue of the letter," the Commission said in its communication.
Following up on the decision taken by Modi, the UGC has sent messages to VCs across the country asking them to initiate urgent steps.
#narendra modi #tracking the modi government #ugc
The move would come as a huge relief to students as obtaining attestations from gazetted officers to documents involved a lot of hassles. The measure posed more difficulty for students in rural areas scouting for a gazetted officer, officials said.
The system of self-attestation is aimed at simplifying procedures. Under this method, original documents are required to be produced at the final stage of admission.
According to the UGC, self-certification is citizen-friendly and obtaining either an attested copy or affidavit not only costs money to the poor citizen but also involves wastage of time of citizens and government officials.
Several universities have already started accepting self-attested documents and the communication is intended to set a time-line for the rest to follow it, said HRD Ministry officials.
119

PM Modi s rousing speech at Madison Square GardenIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mother and sister of Oklahoma beheading suspect speak outBy Abby Phillip September 29 Follow @abbydphillip
The mother of Alton Nolen, the man suspected of beheading a former co-worker and attacking a second at an Oklahoma food-processing plant, has released a video statement via Facebook. In the video, Joyce Nolen says, "There are two sides to every story.” (The Washington Post)
 
The mother and sister of Alton Nolen, the man who, police said, stabbed two employees of an Oklahoma food processing plant and severed the head of one of his victims, addressed the accusations against their family member in a statement on Saturday.
Nolen’s mother, Joyce Nolen, apologized to the families of the two victims in a video message posted on Facebook, but she said that things her son is accused of are out of character.
“My heart is just so heavy right now,” Joyce Nolen said. “I want to apologize to both families because this is not Alton.”
“We’re all still in shock right now,” added Megan Nolen, the suspect’s sister. “We’re praying for both of the victims’ families.”
Alton Nolen, 30, walked into the front office of the Vaughan Foods plant in Moore, Okla. shortly after he was fired and attacked two women with a knife, Moore Police Sgt. Jeremy Lewis said in a statement . Colleen Hufford, 54, was killed after she was repeatedly stabbed, and her head was severed.
Nolen then attacked 43-year-old Traci Johnson before he was shot by a Vaughan Foods executive Mark Vaughan, who is also a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff’s Department, police said. Johnson was released from the hospital after being treated for her injuries.
According to Moore police, Vaughan employees said that Nolen, a recent convert to Islam, had recently started “trying to convert several employees to the Muslim religion.”
Federal officials told The Washington Post that Nolen’s Facebook page included “provocative” postings, including a photo of Osama bin Laden, an image of a beheading, and a photo of Omar al-Shishani, a prominent Islamic State fighter who is Chechen.
“I know my son. My son was raised up in a loving home,” Joyce Nolen said. “My son was raised up believing in God. That’s what he believed.”
Nolen was hospitalized for his injuries after the Thursday incident. He regained consciousness on Saturday and was interviewed by detectives, according to the Associated Press. He is expected to be charged on Monday.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Consumer Credit and the American Economy at Cato on TuesdayComments
By Todd Zywicki September 29
A reminder for anyone interested that tomorrow (Tuesday, September 30) I will be speaking at the Cato Institute on “ Consumer Credit and the American Economy .” The program is co-sponsored by Cato and the Federalist Society. Commenters will be economist Anthony Yezer of George Washington University and law professor Heidi Schooner of Catholic University School of Law. Mark Calabria will moderate.  Information and registration is available here .

General Motors kicks-off exports from IndiaGeneral Motors kicks-off exports from India
U.S. Eyes Defence Deals Worth $3-5 Bn With IndiaU.S. Eyes Defence Deals Worth $3-5 Bn With India
Asiad tennis: Saketh-Sania win mixed doubles gold  men s doubles duo get silverAsiad tennis: Saketh-Sania win mixed doubles gold  men s doubles duo get silver
Mahindra launches 110-cc scooter GustoMahindra launches 110-cc scooter Gusto
PC Jeweller stock closes up; forms new subsidiaryPC Jeweller stock closes up; forms new subsidiary
Sebi notifies REIT & InvIT normsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Obama s private dinner for Modi may feature only veg dishesObama's private dinner for Modi may feature only veg dishes
Press Trust of India | Washington Sep 29, 2014 06:55 PM IST
It may be all vegetarian dishes and non-alcoholic drinks when President Barack Obama hosts a private dinner at the White House tonight for Prime Minister Narendra Modi who himself will take only lime water.
According to sources, the Indian side had expressed a desire not to include non-vegetarian dishes during the private dinner keeping in mind sensitivities of the Prime Minister who is observing Navratri fasts.
The request is being considered positively, as per US government sources.
64-year-old Modi, who arrived in the US on Friday has been observing Navratra fasts which started on September 25, has been only taking lukewarm lime water.
Last week, the White House had said they respectfully accommodate the practices of visiting guests.
"As with all guests hosted by US Presidents over the years, we always work to respectfully accommodate the practices of our visitors," said Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council.
Navratri, derived from the ancient Sanskrit words 'nine nights', fell this year from September 25 to October 3.
Modi has been keeping the fast for many years during Navratri.
Obama and Modi are meeting for the first time tonight and will hold bilateral talks tomorrow at the White House.
Modi had said he will discuss with Obama how Indo-US ties can be taken to a "new level" in the interest of the two countries as well as of the world. He had also called the US as India's "vital partner" for its national development.

Telangana govt proposes to build 126 000 km water gridTelangana govt proposes 1.26-lakh km water grid
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 29, 2014 08:46 PM IST
The Telangana government has proposed to build a water grid that would meet the drinking water needs of all the towns and villages besides the requirements of the industry in the state.
A total of 126,000-km of water pipeline, including the main trunk line, secondary network and the distribution lines, is  proposed to be built as part of the project under which the water will be pumped to places at higher contours at various locations and from there to different places by gravity wherever possible, according to a preliminary plan.
Chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao, who held marathon meetings with senior government officials on the project on Monday, told them the project should be designed to meet the requirement for 30 years from now.
The government proposes to divert huge amount of water from Krishna and Godavari basins and about 80 tmc of water was estimated to be required for meeting the needs of the entire state, excluding the capital city, according to the chief minister’s office. However, the government is yet to indicate as to how it is going to fund the project.

Anant Geete to quit Union Cabinet after PM Modi returns: Thackerayanant geete to quit union cabinet after pm modi returns: thackeray
Strides raises $21.9 mn for BT biz from Jordanian GMS HoldingsStrides raises $21.9 mn for biotech biz from Jordanian GMS Holdings
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 29, 2014 08:36 PM IST
Strides Arcolab, the Bangalore-based mid-sized publicly-held pharmaceutical company, has said that it has entered into an agreement with GMS Holdings. Jordan-based GMS will invest $21.90 million for a 25.1 per cent stake in Stelis Biopharma, the biotech arm of Strides, to fund its greenfield project.
The transaction is expected to close in Q4 of 2014 and is subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory and corporate approvals, as may be required.
According to a statement from Strides, it has so far invested $16.9 million in Stelis to date, and Strides and GMS will invest $61.9 million, taking the total equity investment in Stelis to $78.8 million.  GMS will invest $8.5 million for a 25.1 per cent stake in Stelis on closing, at a premium of 50 per cent of the present equity investment by Strides.
Further equity infusion of $40 million by Strides and $13.40 million by GMS to be in tranches based on the project and product development needs over a period of two years, in proportion to their ownership on a par. Stelis also has in place a project credit line of $40 million.
Commenting on the transaction, Joe Thomas, Chief Corporate Development Officer of Strides and Head – Biotech division, stated: “We are extremely pleased to have GMS Holdings as our strategic partner for the emerging biotech business.  GMS Holdings has a track record of having partnered in successful businesses, with a strong presence in the MENA (Middle East and North Africa) region. This partnership will accelerate our emerging market strategy for the biotech business.”
Commenting on the occasion, Ghiath Sukhtian, Chairman of GMS Holdings, stated: “We are delighted to be partnering Strides on this exciting venture. Strides has a long track record of building pharma platforms and we believe that by joining our efforts on this investment we can create value for both our groups.”

Conditional renewal to MCX-SX Clearing Corp...FTIL
(According to Sebi,  clearing…)
MUMBAI: Sebi today granted conditional one- year renewal of recognition to MCX-SX Clearing Corporation , which were among the entities where Jignesh Shah-led FTIL was asked by the regulator to divest stake.
The capital market watchdog's nod for MCX-SX CCL comes within weeks of renewing the approval for MCX-SX.
In the wake of the payment crisis at group firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), Sebi in March had ruled that Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies (India) Ltd was not 'fit and proper' to own stakes in any stock exchange or clearing corporation.
Renewing the recognition of MCX-SX CCL, Sebi said it would be valid for one year starting from October 3.
The approval is subject to various conditions, including that the clearing house should "submit an action plan for achieving net worth requirements".
"The clearing corporation shall achieve a minimum net worth of Rs 100 crore within nine months from the date of grant of recognition. The clearing corporation shall also submit quarterly status update in this regard," Sebi said in a release today.
Further, MCX-SX CCL has been asked to take "immediate steps to rectify the deficiencies pointed out in the systems audit" apart from appointing Managing Director and Compliance Officer at the earliest.
According to Sebi, the clearing house should meet shareholding requirements and comply with its direction issued through the order in March this year.
Meanwhile, Sebi has renewed recognition of two other clearing houses - National Securities Clearing Corporation Ltd (NSCCL) and Indian Clearing Corporation Ltd (ICCL) - for a period of one year.
In its March 19 order, Sebi had ruled that FTIL was not 'fit and proper' to own stakes in any stock exchange and directed it to divest existing holdings in MCX-SX, MCX-SX CCL, Delhi Stock Exchange and Vadodara Stock Exchange.
As per Sebi's ruling, which had come against the backdrop of NSEL payment crisis, FTIL was not "a "fit and proper person to acquire or hold any equity share or any instrument that provides for entitlement for equity shares or rights over equity shares at any future date, in a recognised stock exchange or clearing corporation".
This would be applicable for both direct and indirect holdings of FTIL in stock exchanges and clearing corporations.
With regard to Indian Clearing Corporation and National Securities Clearing Corporation, Sebi today said their approvals is subject to conditions including that they take immediate steps to rectify the deficiencies pointed out in their respective systems audit.
Additionally, ICCL has got the approval on condition that it would put in place a "business continuity plan and disaster recovery site as prescribed by Sebi".
Besides, NSCCL has been asked by the regulator "appoint compliance officer exclusively for the clearing corporation" as a condition for renewal.
While NSCCL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), while ICCL is part of BSE.
Clearing Corporations undertake the activity of clearing and settlement of trades in securities or other instruments or products that are dealt with or traded on stock exchanges.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mumbaikars groove to the tune ofPeople get tattoos made during Navratri festival by a specialist at the Big Boss salon at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Sankalp Dandiya in Thane. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Sankalp Dandiya in Thane. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Woman plays garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People get tattoos made during Navratri festival by a specialist at the Big Boss salon at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People play garba during Navratri festival at Kora Kendra in Borivali, Mumbai.(Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Advertisement

NASCAR Driver Tony Stewart Delivers RemarksSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Incredibly  subprime loans are driving the US economyagainDebt
September 29, 2014
America’s consumer spending—which is about about 70% of all economic activity in the US—is once again being driven by a subprime lending boom.
Just look at today’s personal spending data. Month-over-month spending rose 0.5% in August, driven by a 1.9% bump in spending on durable goods. Spending on such goods—big ticket items designed to last more than three years—rose the most in five months, and the US Bureau of Economic Analysis said in a statement that about half the gain was driven by a jump in motor vehicle and parts sales.
Share
Tap image to zoom
It’s true. Motor vehicles sales have been on a tear lately. In August they were on pace to notch 17.5 million sales in 2014.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Given the outsized impact of vehicle sales on the US consumer economy, this is really helpful to economic growth. But in the wake of the financial crisis, it’s always important to get a sense of what’s enabling consumer purchases. In the market for vehicles, car purchases are being driven increasingly by loans to the less-than-credit-worthy. Yes, subprime is back.
How do we know? By looking at the the credit markets where auto loans are packaged up and sold as securities to investors. Asset-backed securities (ABS) were a key source of instability during the financial crisis. In recent years, one of the fastest-growing sectors of the ABS market has been the market for subprime auto loans. “Subprime auto ABS was one of the few auto sectors to have grown in 2013, and issuance continues to be strong thus far in 2014,” wrote Barclays analysts in a recent note, adding that ABS comprised of packages of subprime loans are now at historic highs as a percentage of the US auto ABS market.
If you think investors would be wary of investing in subprime bonds after the crisis, you’d you be wrong. For one thing, investors have learned that Americans rely on their cars so heavily to get to and from work that they’re often willing to prioritize car payments over other bills. And when they do default on loans, it’s much easier to repossess a car than it is to evict a family from a house. (Also, because used car prices have been so high lately the losses—known as ‘severities’ in the ABS world—have been relatively low.)
That doesn’t mean the market is without problems. For example, the US Department of Justice has confirmed it is looking into lending and securitization practices at two large subprime car lenders, GM Financial and Santander Consumer USA , in the wake of a scorching story in the New York Times that detailed unsavory lending practices in the market .
Even so, the auto market has been one of the few bright spots in recent years for a weaker American economy, which puts the politicians in charge of regulation in a tough spot. There are indications that lenders might start to tamp down some on the extension of subprime loans , which would dampen auto sales and weigh on the economy.
That’s because US consumer incomes are not growing nearly fast enough to supply the kind of growth that the consumption-driven economy requires. In recent decades, the political answer to that problem (which never ends well) has been to open the lending floodgates and let consumers binge on debt. The fate of the auto market should provide an instructive example about whether policy makers are willing to go down that road again.
Share this:

Chinas slowing down fast. Here are the countries that will be hit hardestand those that will be celebratingTap image to zoom
(Bank of America/Merrill Lynch)
The Chinese economy is  looking pretty shaky these days. Profits of big industrial companies  shrank 0.6% in August  versus the previous year, after growing 13.5% in July. And recent data suggest it’s getting harder to stimulate the economy through cheap money. If the China slowdown keeps up, it could be disastrous for countries that sell metal and energy to China.
As the Middle Kingdom’s markets opened up, spurred by its joining the WTO in 2001, an influx of wealth turned villages into cities and cities into metropolises. Since China lacked the natural resources to build and power these new cities, mining sources like Australia and Brazil, and oil-wealthy Saudi Arabia, benefited handsomely, as you can see ( charts hat tip to Bloomberg economist Michael McDonough ).
Share
Tap image to zoom
Not all of those nations are selling China resources. Japan and South Korea (as well as Singapore and Malaysia) run a tidy business exporting machine tools and electronics. While the electronics business probably would be well insulated from a Chinese slowdown, machine tool exports would suffer if China were to stop building so fast.
Things look grimmer still for oil- and ore-rich countries like Mongolia, Turkmenistan, and Sierra Leone (particularly the latter, which is currently battling an Ebola outbreak of unprecedented virulence).
Share
Tap image to zoom
But though a sharp Chinese slowdown sounds scary, many countries actually would benefit. To understand why, it’s important to get how China has managed to grow so fast for so long.
The secret lies in its economic model, which creates growth mainly through building and manufacturing goods to export. The Chinese government has subsidized this growth by rigging interest rates to make loans for (mostly state-owned) companies cheap, transferring wealth from savers to borrowers. (Japan used a similar model; for a deeper understanding, see this post .) One way to observe this is to compare income and GDP; even though wages have risen quickly, GDP has grown even faster—meaning the state is taking a bigger cut of China’s output than households are. Worse, because the government keeps the capital account closed, households have lousy investment options.
The constant struggle to preserve wealth inclines many households to save—typically for things like medical expenses, education, and retirement—rather than consume. This is why at 34%, China has among the lowest consumption rates in the world.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Big GDP drops typically kill jobs, cause social instability, and drain demand out of the global economy. Not likely in China’s case, as Michael Pettis, a finance professor at Peking University, explained in a recent note.
A gradual slowdown in China, he said, would help boost consumption’s share of GDP, shifting profit away from industry and toward the more labor-intensive service sector. This “rebalancing” would wipe out the hidden transfer from households to industrial companies, which Pettis called “the functional equivalent of an income tax cut, and probably a fairly progressive income tax cut at that.”
This would boost Chinese demand for food, benefiting agricultural exporters in the US and Brazil. And the loss of “subsidized” loans to fund manufacturing would pare away some of China’s export competitiveness—a boon for manufacturers in places like Mexico and Southeast Asia.
There’s a big caveat to all this, though: a housing market collapse. The lack of investment options means that Chinese families have sunk a huge portion of their wealth into homes. A severe dive in prices would leave those households feeling poorer—and, therefore, consuming less.
Share this:

At UNGA  Modi made strong pitch about environmental issues...At UNGA  Modi made strong pitch about environmental issues...
Armoured carrier Tatanagar rolls out of plantHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Armoured carrier Tatanagar rolls out of plant
PTI
Tweet
Jamshedpur, Sept 29:  
A 1942 model armoured carrier vehicle called the ‘Tatanagar’ was unveiled in Tata Motors’ Jamshedpur Plant in the presence of the Plant Leadership Team.
The ‘Tatanagar’, fitted with a Ford V8 engine along with armoured hulls sourced from the Railways and armoured plates, axles and tyres from Tata Steel, were the first vehicles to roll out of Tata Motors (earlier TELCO) yesterday, 72 years ago, a Tata Motors press release here said.
The vehicle, which had won the hearts and admiration of all with their anti-tank and transportation capability in the war zone having saved many lives with their impenetrable hulls by ordinary bullets, had the distinction of serving the Indian Army as a multi-role platform during World War II.
A similar ‘Tatanagar’ vehicle having the same prestigious lineage had been handed over by Cyrus P Mistry, Chairman — Tata Sons, to T V Narendran, MD, Tata Steel, in the presence of A B Lall, Head, Jamshedpur Plant, on March 3 this year.
Both these vehicles had been lying in neglect over the last 70 years and were located after painstaking research.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Sensex ends marginally in the redSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session near flat due to profit-taking by funds and retail investors amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 21.79 points at 27,090.42 and the 50-share NSE index closed marginally up by 6.7 points at 8,121.45.
Among BSE sectoral indices, IT and TECk indices were the star-performers and were up 1.39 per cent and 1.13 per cent, respectively. On the other hand, capital goods index was down 1.89 per cent, oil & gas 1.22 per cent, PSU 0.97 per cent and realty 0.81 per cent.
TCS, Maruti, Cipla, HDFC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were L&T, ONGC, SBIN, HUL and Hero MotoCorp.
European stocks rallied to the highest level since January 2008, with the UK benchmark gauge trading near a 14-year peak, as Scotland voted to reject independence from Great Britain. US index futures and Asian shares also climbed.
Scotland spurned independence in a historic referendum that threatened to rip the United Kingdom apart, sow financial turmoil and diminish Britain's remaining global clout.
Stoxx 50 was up 18.42 points or 0.56 per cent at 3,289.79, FTSE 100 gained 35.54 points or 0.52 per cent at 6,854.83,CAC 40 was up 15.75 points or 0.35 per cent at 4,480.45 and DAX climbed 55.30 points or 0.56 per cent at 9,853.43.
Sterling was last up 0.4 percent at $1.6460 after rising as high as $1.6525, a marked turnaround from a 10-month low of $1.6051 touched just last week. The move helped push the dollar to a six-year high against the yen in cross trading, market participants said.
Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.4 per cent. while the MSCI Asia Pacific Index climbed 0.3 per cent.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

How will Illinois measure carbon cuts0
At the same time, wind generators might take issue with hourly measurements. That's because wind generators typically run at night along with nuclear plants. Neither emit carbon dioxide. That means that if carbon reductions were measured by the hour, wind generators wouldn't get much credit for displacing carbon emissions. Nuclear plants would be at a disadvantage for the same reason.
"If you have a lot of nuclear plants and someone else has a lot of coal plants and they average those two, the nuclear provider is subsidizing them," said Adam Riedel, an attorney specializing in environmental and energy law at Manatt, Phelps & Phillips. In other words, benefits for cutting carbon "will accrue to the coal plant because for all intents and purposes the nuclear plant has no emissions," Riedel said.
Solar power generators, however, might favor hourly measurements. Why? Because the grid turns to solar power when demand for power is at its highest. At that point, generating plants fueled by coal, oil and natural gas would be operating and emitting carbon dioxide. So, solar producers conceivably could receive credit for displacing carbon emissions.
No matter what system of measurement is devised, someone will be unhappy, Riedel said.
The federal EPA faces a June 2015 deadline for finalizing its proposal for carbon cuts and it would be up to states to decide how to reach the mandates.
The goal is to cut 30 percent of emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. That's why much attention will focus on how the Illinois Commerce Commission deals with the issue, ahead of the state legislature, which is expected to begin putting together a framework for implementing the carbon rule in the spring session.
"If implemented correctly, the smart grid will lead to greenhouse gas emission reductions," said David Kolata, CUB's executive director. "But measuring and quantifying it is important particularly with the EPA carbon rules coming up."
ComEd spokesman John Schoen said the utility has been working with CUB "on the complex question of how to better measure greenhouse gases." Exelon, ComEd's parent company, did not respond to a request for comment on the measurement proposal.
Publicly sharing the carbon footprint of the electricity grid hour by hour and providing incentives to power producers and consumers to make choices to cut those emissions "will make all the difference in the world," Barbeau said. "People wait in line for a penny cheaper gas across the street, but we don't pay attention to that same penny when it comes to our electricity usage."
At least one state is out front in bringing consumers into the decision-making.
Maryland recently implemented a system that financially rewards consumers for powering down during times when a carbon-polluting power plant would normally have to switch on to meet electricity demand.
Baltimore Gas and Electric, a utility owned by ComEd's parent, Exelon, alerts customers by email or text that demand is high and gives them a credit on their bill if they use less electricity than they normally would on a similar day.
Karl R. Rabago, executive director of the Pace Energy and Climate Center at Pace Law School, said it might not be worth the effort to create a measurement system that forces regulators to determine exactly which power plant is turned on or off at every second of the day because of carbon-cutting policies.
"It may be entirely possible for me to control my toaster with my iPhone and determine how that changes my carbon emissions, but I don't want to do that," Rabago said.
Alex Laskey, president and co-founder of Opower, which provides cloud-based software to the utility industry, said most consumers want someone else, most likely their utility, to make decisions that cut emissions. He said most people don't want to be involved. "At the moment, there's very little consumer demand for this," Laskey said.
Jeff Saad, senior project architect and associate principal at Perkins and Will in Chicago, helps create sustainable buildings that encourage greener behavior among occupants. The program his buildings participate in determines carbon emission reductions by looking at the average power mix across the state, not by the hour.
His concept is based on changing the way people interact with their environment by comparing their behaviors to their counterparts at comparable buildings.
"It's about modifying people's behavior," he said.

Top 20 longest lasting vehicles dominated by trucks  SUVsTop 20 longest lasting vehicles dominated by trucks, SUVs
Caption #20. 2009 Chevrolet Silverado
Caption #17. 2002 Ford Explorer
Tribune file photo
Vehicles SUVs and Crossovers Automotive Equipment Manufacturing and Engineering
We can’t all be Irv Gordon and we can’t all drive a 1966 Volvo P1800S for over 3 million miles.
The retired New York school teacher and his two-door Volvo hold the Guinness World Record for Highest Vehicle Mileage , a distinction Gordon has owned since 2002.
His secret is no secret: Regular maintenance and repairs.
Most car owners probably aren’t as patient or doting as Gordon, even though the average age of cars on the road is 11.4 years , older than at any other point in automotive history.
While a recessionary economy may be to blame, the credit likely goes to automakers, who are making more durable vehicles and charging a premium for them. The average new car price was over $31,000 in 2013, an increase of nearly $5,000 from a decade earlier, according to TrueCar.com.
It’s no wonder we’re holding onto our cars longer. But for over 200,000 miles?
0
Nearly 1 percent of all vehicles in the used car market top 200,000 miles, according to iSeeCars, a used-car aggregating site that catalogs over 30 million online listings. The expansive survey pool consisted of vehicles from model year 1981 to 2010. 
Based on their data, iSeeCars dubbed these workhorses the longest running cars on the road.
Of the longest running used vehicles listed on iSeeCars.com , only three cars, the Honda Accord, Subaru Legacy and Toyota Avalon, cracked the top 20 most used cars sold with over 200,000 miles.
In general, light-duty trucks average 90,000 miles, or 20 percent more than the 75,000 miles averaged in cars.
Why do trucks and full-sized SUVs dominate the longest running vehicle list?
Theories abound such as trucks are made to haul more weight and have correspondingly stronger parts; they’re less complicated and easier to service, leading to more frequent and comparatively inexpensive repairs; the expectations of a truck are different, more functional, than that of a car, so owners care less about creature comforts or aesthetic considerations. They’re also subject to more work-like regular maintenance.
These vehicles may be more likely to be driven to death than traded in, or sold and bought again and again on the resale market. Family haulers are likely to get passed on or do double duty in advanced age as a work beater.
Another theory holds that replacement parts on other vehicles are worth more than the car, making it logical to junk a ubiquitous sedan for the parts. Honda Accord parts, for example, can be used to repair so many other Accords or other midsized sedans.
If we were to exclude SUVs and trucks after the aforementioned 3 sedans, the highest percentage of used cars with over 200,000 miles would be the Honda Odyssey, Nissan Maxima, Toyota Camry, Ford Taurus, Honda Civic, Acura TL and the Subaru Outback. Those all fall into the common perception of intrepid vehicles.
Vehicles owners are as peculiar as their personalities, so any blanket explanation as to why trucks last longer than cars will be pocked with exceptions. What may be most insightful from the data is factoring in longevity and the perceived value of your vehicle at 200,000 miles, which is only 1/15 of the world record.    
Longest Lasting Vehicles 

The simple way to avoid credit card fees that most people ignore(Photo from Flickr user NapInterrupted used under Creative Commons license)
During the recession, people saw their credit card limits slashed as their interest rates pushed higher.
Now that the economy is stronger, card issuers are more willing to give customers a break or a better deal– if only they would ask.
About 90 percent of credit cardholders who asked issuers to forgive late payment fees had their requests granted, according to a new survey by CreditCards.com. About two-thirds of people who asked for a lower interest rate were approved.
“It can’t hurt to ask,”  says Matt Schulz, a senior industry analyst for CreditCards.com.
Despite those high success rates, the report found that people hardly ever ask their credit card companies for such breaks. Only 28 percent of American cardholders have asked a card issuer to waive a late payment fee. Just 23 percent of respondents said they have asked for a lower interest rate.
That amounts to a lot of cash lost to extra fees for people trying to pay off their credit card debt.
Take someone with a $3,000 balance on a card that charges a 19 percent APR. If he makes only the minimum payment, it will take 11 years to pay off the debt plus $2,782 in interest, according to a calculator on CreditCards.com . With a 15 percent APR, which is the national average, that person would pay the card off in 10 years and face $1,799 in interest charges — nearly $1,000 less. (Of course, interest charges would be even smaller for people who pay more than the minimum each month.)
Still, some cardholders are more likely to get a break than others. Seventy-two percent of people in high-income households, or those earning at least $75,000, received lower interest rates after asking, compared to 55 percent of households earning $50,000 to $74,999.
When it came to having late payment fees waived, all cardholders had better luck: 93 percent of high-income households were successful, compared to 76 percent of those making $30,000 to $49,999 a year.
People’s chances also climbed with age. Thirty-three percent of 18 to 29 year-olds saw their interest rates lowered, but that went up to 59 percent of those between 30 and 49 and to 79 percent for people ages 50 to 64.
That said, more people are paying their credit card bills on time, so late fees are less of an issue for many consumers. More people are also paying their balances in full.
So why aren’t more people picking up the phone? One possible explanation that I’ve reported on before is that consumers focused on immediate needs and current bills might not even realize that they qualify for a better deal. A study released this year by MagnifyMoney.com, a Web site that helps people compare financial products, and professor Philip Zimbardo, the psychologist who orchestrated the Stanford Prison experiment in the 1970s, found that people’s financial decisions are influenced by their emotions and how they view time.
Researchers cited the example of a woman with high credit card debt who qualified for a lower interest rate because of her strong payment history but who was convinced after struggling for so long that she wouldn’t qualify for a lower rate.
In all likelihood, all she had to do was ask.
Related: 

Bendgate: 5 Things Apple Will Do Nextreddit
There are at least two ways to revitalize a broken brand image: redesign the product or redesign people's expectations around the experience of consuming the brand.  Guess which path Apple will choose!
Botox "gives you a frozen face", Olestra "causes diarrhea", Coke "causes cancer", Starbucks "is a capitalist monster." Many brands suffer from so-called doppelgänger brand images - negative images and meanings about a brand that circulate in popular culture and that compete with the brand owner's intended image.
Now it's Apple's turn with Bendgate - the newly discovered flaw that the iPhone 6 can bend . Apple may offer a new phone to affected consumers or change the phone's design in the next round. For now, based on historical experience (e.g., Antennagate), it will use emotional branding tactics to redesign culture, consumer expectations - in short - the entire iPhone 6 experience. To pursue this goal, Apple (and Apple fans) will argue that...
1. All phones bend! (Generalization)
One popular brand image revitalization tactic is to move the problem away from the specific product to the entire category. Saying that bending is a key feature of all phones - be they LG, Blackberry, Samsung or Apple - and thus shifting the frame from the specific to the general will de-emphasize the problem for Apple and make bending phones like empty printer cartridges or expired yogurt - a fact of life.
2. Don't you know anything about physics? (Authorization)
A second brand image revitalization tactic often encountered during doppelganger brand image crisis is authorization - bringing in the power of science and experts in to "normalize" a particular behavior of an object such as an antenna or a piece of aluminum. Through this move, critics will come across as Luddites who have slept through their physics lecture whereas iPhone users have done their science homework.
3. Have a look at our people! (Humanization)
A related tactic to downplay a doppelganger brand image is humanization - here presenting Apple's iPhone development team. Showing how the people develop the product humanizes the production process - it shows personal dedication and care and, thus, reframes Bendgate as an unfair caricature of  passionate and hardworking people who sacrifice time with their families for the greater good.
4. Handle it like a pro! (Capabilization)
Fourth, a bending phone is never the result of faulty R&D. Rather, it just happens as a result of improper handling. Here Apple will shift responsibility from the material level or development process to the individual consumer. Apple may take the stage very soon or post videos that demonstrate how phones ought to be handled or held properly - and how not to. Consequently, whoever has a bent phone is rendered incompetent or hasn't simply followed the rules.
5. Tight pants aren't cool! (Ridiculing)
Lucky for Apple, Bendgate has already been associated with tight pants. So, on the same note of shifting societal expectations rather than changing the product itself, Apple may likely de-emphasize Bendgate by associating it with consumer vanity or lack of sense of fashion. Tight pants say more about bad consumer taste than about the quality of the iPhone.
6. Bonus tactic: Almost nobody complained! (Minimization)
Lastly, Apple may take the wind out of Bendgate's sails by claiming that only a very small number of consumers have actually complained about their iPhone being bent, thereby reducing the brand image crisis to a creation of unfair competitors or sensationalist bloggers.
Well, they actually just did .
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

Kabbage Or Traditional Banks: Which Is Best For Your Small Business Loanreddit
With the advent of online business lending services like Kabbage , it's easier for small businesses to get the funding they need to get off the ground. But is it always the best option to go with an online lender like Kabbage? Sure, it is easier to get qualified for Kabbage and it often has lower rates, but it can also have shortcomings when it comes to certain small business needs. Here's a good breakdown of when you should consider Kabbage for a loan and when you should stick with a traditional bank:
Kabbage: If you've been turned down for a loan at a traditional bank.
Traditional bank loans are more difficult to qualify for than Kabbage, so if you've been turned down by the bank, try to get approved by Kabbage. As opposed to a loan, Kabbage gives its users a line of credit that they can borrow against. If your financials aren't strong, they'll give you a lower line of credit, and as you borrow and pay back loans on time, your line of credit will increase. It works well for sites that don't need a huge loan upfront.
Banks: If you need more than $100,000 in loans.
Kabbage only loans up to $100,000 at a time, and it can take some time to actually get approved for that much credit with Kabbage. If you have a large amount of upfront costs and need more than $100,000 to get your business up and running, you will need to stick to the traditional bank route when searching for your loan.
Kabbage: If you just need short-term micro-loans.
Kabbage gives each user a line of credit from $500 to $100,000 based on their credit-worthiness. You can then use that to borrow any sum of money up to your line of credit, with the catch that you must pay it back within 6 months. So if you have a $5,000 line of credit, you can borrow up to $5,000 from Kabbage. If you only need $1,000 here and $6,000 there for expenses, it makes sense to use Kabbage.
Banks: If you need more than 6 months to pay off your loan.
However, if you want to take out larger sums and need more than 6 months to pay them back, it might be smarter to try for a traditional bank loan. Kabbage only allows you to loan money for up to 6 months, so if you borrow $50,000, you have to pay that entire sum back (plus interest) within the 6 month timeframe. This is why Kabbage works better for micro-loans.
Kabbage: If you want to pay less interest.
The good news is, since Kabbage loans have a shorter payback period, they generally don't charge as much interest as traditional banks. In fact, they only charge a varied 1-13.5 percent in the first two months, and then it is a flat 1 percent rate for the next 4 months, which is significantly lower interest than traditional banks charge. If you only need a small loan and can pay it back within the 6-month time period, you can save on interest by going with Kabbage.
Banks: If you want to work within your established bank.
If you already have a business account with a certain bank, there can be benefits to sticking with your bank, especially the ease of getting the loan money and paying it back. While Kabbage offers easy money transfer and payback, it is all done through PayPal, which can be a turnoff for many borrowers.
Kabbage: If you need to get approved fast.
Traditional bank loans can take a while to get approved, and the paperwork involved is usually extensive. With Kabbage, all you have to do is link any of your financial institutions to Kabbage (including eBay, PayPal, Etsy, Amazon or even your traditional bank), and you can be approved for a line of credit in seconds. Kabbage determines the amount of your line of credit based on your financial information, so the more financial sites you link, the better.
Follow Simple. Thrifty. Living. on Twitter: www.twitter.com/simplethrifty
More:

Latino Uninsured Rate Plummets  Thanks To Obamacarereddit
Obamacare is dramatically boosting health insurance among Latinos, a group that has historically suffered the highest uninsurance rate in the U.S.
The uninsured rate among Latinos aged 19 to 64 fell from 36 percent to 23 percent after Obamacare's first enrollment period ended earlier this year, according to a new report from the Commonwealth Fund. That's a bigger drop than in the U.S. overall, where uninsured rates fell from 20 percent to 15 percent.
The survey, which compared uninsured rates in the summer of 2013 to rates in the spring of 2014, found significant drops among young Latinos, aged 19 to 34, and low-income Latinos, or those earning 138 percent of the federal poverty level (about $32,499 for a family of four).
These numbers are more proof that the Obama Administration's targeted efforts to get Latinos and blacks to sign up for insurance under the Affordable Care Act are working, despite a messy rollout .
But not all the data are so encouraging: In Florida and Texas, two states with huge Latino populations that could most benefit from Obamacare's expanded access to Medicaid, the law's effects are being stymied by the GOP's refusal to expand coverage.
In fact, 20 million Latinos live in states that refused to expand Medicaid under the law. In these states, the uninsured rate of 33 percent barely changed, according to the Commonwealth study. In comparison, the uninsured rate for Latinos living in the states that did expand Medicaid coverage saw the uninsured rate fall to 17 percent from 35 percent.
This trend mirrors what's plaguing poor communities in states that didn't expand Medicaid, where uninsured rates have barely fallen .
"To achieve the law’s goal of near-universal coverage, it will be necessary for all states to expand Medicaid," the Commonwealth report says.
More:

Instrument cluster on the fritz0
Q: I have a 2000 Mitsubishi Gallant with about 170,000 miles on it. Lately, the battery keeps draining.
We have replaced it three times within the past three months. If the car is idle for more than a day or two, it will die and won't even start with a jump.
Do you think it's an ignition part issue or possible battery connection problem?
— N.D., Northbrook, Ill.
A: You'd be crazy to keep buying new batteries, because the results will not change.
Instead, have a technician check the electrical system for a key-off current draw.
It should not exceed 50 milliamps, otherwise some vampire is sucking the life from your box of volts.
Q: I have a 2004 Mercedes 240 with a 722.6 transmission. I prefer not to take it to the dealer, due to the normally inflated service cost, so I went to an oil service center and asked for a transmission fluid change. They indicated it must be taken to the dealer.
I went to another national oil change service, and again they indicated it is only a dealer item.
Can I actually do it myself (I'm handy with tools), assuming I get the correct fluid?
— J.G., Collinsville, Conn.
A: I don't know if you can do this yourself, since I can't assess your skill level. Nor do I know if you have access to a lift or if you plan to lay on your back under the car.
Nevertheless, changing the fluid involves removing the transmission oil pan (a messy job) and replacing it using a new gasket. While the pan is off, it makes sense to change the filter, which just pops out.
Now, comes the challenging part. You need to buy a dipstick and tube along with several quarts of automatic transmission fluid, which costs about $20 or so per quart.
Your other options are to find an independent transmission repair shop to do the work.

Ruble s plunge shows Russia is hurtingRuble's headlong plunge shows Russia hurting
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 26, 2014: 1:50 PM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
If you want a measure of the price Russia is paying for the Ukraine crisis, look no further than its free-falling currency.
The ruble fell another 1.6% against the U.S. dollar Friday, extending a slump that has wiped nearly 16% off its value since the start of the year.
Many emerging market currencies have tumbled this month as investors brace for higher interest rates in the U.S., which make the dollar more attractive.
But the ruble has been one of the worst performers . A ceasefire agreement between Ukraine and Russia-backed rebels signed last month appears to be holding, so why is the currency back on the skids?
Freezing assets: The Russian parliament is reportedly discussing a draft law that would allow courts to confiscate assets of foreign investors. That is only likely to accelerate the exodus of capital that saw $75 billion flee Russia in the first six months of the year -- more than in the whole of 2013.
And in a stark reminder of the risks of doing business in Russia, the state has turned on one of its own. State prosecutors on Friday seized an oil company belonging to one of the country's leading oligarchs, Vladimir Evtushenkov.
He was placed under house arrest last week and charged with money laundering when his holding company -- Sistema -- bought the Bashneft oil firm in 2009.
Sistema shares plunged 23% in London. Sistema, which has denied any wrongdoing, said it was "clarifying the situation."
The case has echos of the Yukos affair a decade ago, when Mikhail Khodorkovsky was thrown in jail and forced to sell most of his oil company to state energy giant Rosneft.
Related: 10 Western companies getting slammed in Russia
Lasting damage: Russia's oil-dependent economy was already slowing down before Moscow's annexation of Crimea, and its support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine prompted the West to impose successive rounds of ever tougher sanctions .
The measures are aimed at restricting Russia's access to Western finance, advanced energy technology and services, and arms. Russia's biggest banks, energy companies and a handful of businessmen close to President Vladimir Putin have been targeted.
 
Russia slapped with more sanctions
The chill in relations with key trading partners is damaging investment, and consumers are hurting from rising prices after Russia banned the import of many Western foodstuffs.
Russia's $2 trillion-a-year economy stalled in the first six months, and a new forecast from the World Bank predicts lasting damage for several years to come.
In a report published this week, it forecast growth of just 0.5% in 2014 and 0.3% in 2015. And the picture barely improves in 2016, according to its baseline forecast. A more pessimistic scenario foresees the Russian economy slipping into recession this year and contracting further in 2015 and 2016.
First Published: September 26, 2014: 10:03 AM ET
Most Popular

Apple s iOS 8 Wants to Get to Know You BetterAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Amazon CEO sees no barriers to doing business in IndiaAmazon CEO sees no barriers to doing business in India
THOMAS K THOMAS
For a truck with India
Jeff Bezos, Founder and CEO, amazon.com.
‘Extremely happy’ with the growth here, Jeff Bezos sees opportunity in Indian cinema too
Bangalore, September 28:  
Jeff Bezos, founder of amazon.com, said India was the fastest growing market in the world and his company will launch all its products here.
“It has grown beyond our expectations,” Bezos told BusinessLine on Sunday.
Bezos, who is in India to mark the company’s more than a year old operations as well as to physically hand over the $2-billion cheque (fresh investments into Indian operations) to Amit Agarwal, country manager, said he was extremely happy with the growth of Amazon here.
He said properties like Amazon Studios, which was recently started in the US for developing feature films and episodic series, and delivery using drones could find their way into India.
“I don’t know what the road map is and timeline is but I see no reasons why these businesses cannot be brought to India at some point. For example, Amazon Studio with its original content is a big thing. Indian cinema is a really a big opportunity and not just in India, there is a big export market for it. I am very excited about this opportunity,” he said.
Bezos’ optimism comes from the fact that his e-commerce business in India has taken off quite well in the first 16 months since launch and in fact the company has had to reset goals.
“These guys (Amazon’s India team) keep blowing through these expectations. In fact, a lot of people say there are a lot of obstacles doing business in India. But our results say otherwise,” he pointed out.
He also said the company would also look at acquiring e-commerce companies in India though it would like to grow more through the organic route.
In fact, Bezos is now looking to take innovations made in the Indian market to other countries.
For example Amazon Easy Ship, which is a delivery service for Amazon.in sellers, is being taken to other markets. “Easy Ship is a profound invention. We are going to be able to export it to the rest of the world. It was invented because India is so unusual and India has so many small and medium businesses,” he said.
Regulatory issues like the rules barring Foreign Direct Investment in e-commerce and the ongoing tax case in Karnataka are not coming in the way for Amazon. But he said if the regulations were more conducive there could be more business.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

India is working well for us: Amazon CEOJeff Bezos, Founder and CEO, amazon.com.
For a truck with India
The first thing that hits you about Jeff Preston Bezos is his booming laughter. After investing $2 billion in Amazon’s India operations, the founder and CEO of the world’s largest online retail giant has lots to laugh about. Within 16 months since launch, Amazon India has become the fastest growing market for Bezos global operations with 18 million products across 32 departments. What had started with 100 sellers has grown to more than 11,500 sellers. BusinessLine met Bezos on the company’s outlook and the challenges ahead. Edited excerpts:
You recently announced an investment of $2 billion in your Indian operations. You said you haven’t seen anything like this see before. What’s driving the Indian e-commerce space?
In fact, ever since this investment was announced a few months ago, we have had to reset our goals. These guys keep blowing through this expectation.
In fact, lot of people say there are a lot of obstacles doing business in India. But our results say otherwise. The results seem to indicate that these guys here have been extraordinary and have been very inventive and going round obstacles. You know about the Easy Ship. That is a profound invention. We are going to be able to export it to the rest of the world. It was invented because India is so unusual and India has so many small and medium businesses here.
To see that as an opportunity here, it is just a fantastic insight. So it is really working.
When things are really working, that is when you want to double investments. In the early stages, we plant a lot of seeds. Some of them grow into big trees and some don’t.
When something starts working, that’s when you really want to put bigger investments.
Would it be right to say that India is one of the fastest growing markets for you, a priority market for you?
It is the fastest growing. It has gone beyond that. We have a lot of good businesses in Amazon. And we are very, very fortunate. We have Kindle, fashion and a whole lot of new categories. So you know I love all my children. I love all those businesses. But there is something special going on in India.
What kind of challenges do you face in India. With regulations governing foreign direct investment, how much do you think it is a handicap to bring all your products here?
The results would indicate that it has not been a handicap at all. Every country in which we do business, there are regulations. Our job is to accommodate those regulations. So, let us use it as an opportunity, instead of just complaining about it. If the regulations were changed, there would be even more opportunities. Our job is to accept those regulations, whatever they are and within those regulations, try to build something fantastic for customers. Here, we have two sets of customers: the consumers and small medium businesses that are providing infrastructure, things like EasyShip, make it easy to connect with the digital future.
You are doing some exciting work in the US like Amazon Studio, drone etc. Do you think some of these can be brought to India as well.
Absolutely. I don’t know what the road map and timeline is, but I see no reasons why these businesses cannot be brought to India at some point. For example, Amazon studio with its original content is a big thing. Indian cinema is a big opportunity and not just in India, there is a big export market for it. I am very excited about this opportunity.
If one looks at e-commerce companies, they haven’t actually made any profits. In fact, critics say that Amazon runs like a start-up, focusing more on growth than on profits. How long do you think you can sustain such a model.
I don’t know. When things are working, we double down on investments. The better it is working, the more we invest.
That approach has served us very well over the last 19 years in different places. That is what is happening in India. It is working so well, that we are adding more investments.
Your critics say that your smartphone and devices strategy has not really paid off. How do you plan to monetise this space?
We have a really good hardware team which we started building 10 years ago.
We launched Kindle seven years ago, we are five generations into the tablet segment and only one generation in phones. So, this is really early days.
Amazon is into e-commerce, devices, cloud services, how much of the Internet do you want to own?
We have only a small part of the e-commerce segment. In the US, we are just 20 per cent of the e-commerce market. Most people don’t know how fragmented e-commerce is. There is room for lots of winners, doing lots of different things. Our goal is always to stay heads down, focus on customers, try to identify what really matters to customers; things like speed of delivery, competitive pricing, reliable delivery, choice of products and every year get better at all of those things.
If you have to grow faster in India, isn't it necessary for you to do it the inorganic way.
Our strategy has been to grow organically. We do acquisitions from time and if there is an opportunity in India we will do it. But our basic approach is organic growth.
You have disrupted many businesses, do you fear being disrupted?
I don’t fear disruption, but I know it will happen one day. I just hope that it happens after I die. We don’t seek disruption, that’s not the goal.
The goal is to invent something what customers prefer and if you build something that customers prefer they shift to the new way and the shift causes disruption. We have been fortunate enough to do that a few times in different places, with AWS, Kindle, e-books, e-commerce and so will keep trying to invent better way.
Ultimately, lifespan of companies is not long so Amazon will be disrupted but best way to guard is to lean into future. Companies forget how dynamic the world is. They stop inventing and that’s when you are at most risk of someone coming and disrupting.
So then what keeps you awake?
I would be really disturbed if Amazon was losing customer centricity as its main ideal. We really do have a process that starts with the customer. I think that’s its deeply ingrained.
Where do you see Amazon in the next 4-3 years?
I hope that in the big things it stays the same. Customer centricity is one. The other thing is passion for invention.
I hope in 3-4 years or 10 years from now we are still inventing. I also hope we are patient and have a long term view, instead of having a quarter view. We would gamble, an educated gamble and take a 5 year view.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Financial Tech signs deal with MCX  rallies over 8%You are here: Home > Collections > Mcx
Financial Technologies rallies over 8% on signing technology contract with MCX
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 10.09AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Earlier this week, the board…)
NEW DELHI: Financial Technologies Ltd (FTIL) rallied as much as 8.07 per cent in trade on Monday after the company said that it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
At 09:55 a.m.; FTIL was trading 4.9 per cent higher at Rs 228.10. It hit a low of Rs 220.10 and a high of Rs 235 in trade today.
MCX was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 793.30. It hit a low of Rs 791 and a high of Rs 798.90 in trade today.
Earlier this week, the board of directors of both FTIL and MCX had approved the new agreement to be signed between them, PTI reported.
In a filing to the BSE , FTIL said,"..FTIL and MCX have executed a master amendment to principal agreements (supplementary agreement) for providing software support and managed services on mutually agreed terms and conditions until the year 2022".
The Jignesh Shah-led company also said, "Due to this supplementary agreement and based on the current volume of MCX and assuming MCX daily volume remain same, the negative impact on the total income of the company would be around Rs 8.82 crore for the period of 2014-15."
As per the new agreement, MCX will pay FTIL a fixed charge of Rs 1.5 crore per month including managed services payable in advance on semi-annual basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt determined to put economy on upward trajectory: ModiGovt determined to put economy on upward trajectory: Modi
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 29:  
Asserting that trade and commerce leads international relations in today’s age, Prime Minister Narendra Modi assured the Indian-American community here that his government is determined to put the economy on an upward trajectory by focussing on key sectors like agriculture, manufacturing and services.
“In today’s world, it is trade and commerce that leads international relations and drives the economies,” Modi said at a dinner hosted in his honour by the Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar.
Modi, after having addressed nearly 20,000 people of the Indian community at a rock-star style event in Madison Square Garden, spoke briefly to the select gathering of eminent men and women and underscored his government’s focus and efforts to move forward on development and make India a magnet of investment.
“Our entire focus is on the growth of economic activity, on how to grow the economy be it agriculture, manufacturing or services,” he said.
“I believe that for a healthy economy, one-third agriculture, one-third manufacturing, one-third services sector — if all these grow simultaneously then even if one of the sectors faces a decline, the country’s economy will not be immensely impacted.”
He, however, said that if the economy rests wholly on any one of the sectors, it will not be able to bear the brunt of even slight disruptions.
His government is focussed on the manufacturing sector. In manufacturing sector, there needs to be creation of small jobs.
“Our effort is that India should progress and develop in all three sectors,” he said, adding that in the services sector, tourism has a huge scope.
“In today’s age, one sector that has the most potential for growth is tourism. It is estimated that three trillion dollars worth of business lies in the tourism sector,” he said, adding that India has not taken advantage of the huge potential that tourism holds and has not even scratched the surface in achieving its potential in the tourism sector.
“Our endeavour is that tourism should grow. I believe that terrorism divides and tourism unites,” he said to a rousing applause by the audience as he said that when tourism grows, then everyone from the “autoricksha walah, taxi walah and chaiwala” earns.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Stake sale lifts Anant RajStake sale lifts Anant Raj
BL Research Bureau
Tweet
September 29, 2014:  
Shares of Delhi-based property developer Anant Raj are up today on board approval for complete stake sale of its fully owned subsidiary Greatway Estates for Rs 304.12 crore. The move is expected to reduce debt and also to be used for funding its ongoing development projects.
While lower debt is a positive, Anant Raj’s debt situation is not alarming. The company had a total debt of Rs 1,384 crore as on March 2014, which is a comfortable debt to equity ratio of 0.36 times. Its debt levels have remained at around Rs 1,300 crore levels in the last three years.
Also, unlike most realty developers who are primarily into residential real estate, Anant Raj’s core strength is developing commercial and township projects. These are capital intensive. It also has a strong presence in hospitality segment with 6 completed hotels and 5 hospitality projects under construction. However with the company wanting to focus on its core business of developing IT, SEZ, retail, commercial and township projects, it has been trying to exit hospitality projects over the last 2 years.
The company had, in a note filed with BSE in July 2014 indicated that it believes that exit from hospitality projects may be feasible now, on the strength of a stable government in Centre, overall improvement in the investors sentiment and 100 per cent FDI in hospitality sector. Sale of hospitality and other completed projects at good valuations will help the company to focus new developments.
Anant Raj’s profit for 2013-14 was Rs 104 crore, about the same level as the year ago. The company’s cash flow from operations turned positive in 2013-14 and was Rs 339 crore after a small negative in the last two years.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Blackberry Passport available in India for Rs. 49990 from October 10NEW DELHI, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 22:39 IST
BlackBerry Passport comes to India
Staff Reporter
THE HINDU Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, Blackberry India at the launch of Blackberry Passport Phone in New Delhi on Monday, September 29, 2014. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
science and technology
BlackBerry Passport will be available from October 10, is priced at Rs.49,990.
Nearly a week after it was revealed for the world, Blackberry Passport has made its way to the Indian shores. The Passport, whose name is in line with its passport-like dimensions, will be available from October 10 onwards, and is priced at Rs.49,990.
At this price, the 4.5-inch square screen device is the most expensive one in the Canadian firm’s portfolio. This is also the first phone in its line-up to run on the latest BlackBerry 10.3 OS, which brings features such as BlackBerry Assistant and access to Amazon Appstore, giving users access to over two lakh top Android apps.
“BlackBerry Passport was designed to aid professionals in becoming more productive. The phone is built on feedback from users and giving them better battery life and a wider view. The display is ideal for those who have to see a lot of Excel sheets or read documents,” BlackBerry India Managing Director Sunil Lalvani told reporters here.
The pre-booking for the Passport has started at Amazon.in and BlackBerry exclusive stores from Monday. Customers pre-booking at Amazon.in would receive a gift card worth Rs.5,000.
The three row QWERTY keypad on the device too has touch features embedded in it.
“The BlackBerry Passport includes the industry’s first touch-enabled keyboard. It can be used for typing as well as navigation by swiping fingers on it for functions like delete, moving predictive words function up and down etc,” Mr. Lalvani added.
The device also boasts of 3450 mAh battery. Besides, it is powered by Quad Core 2.2 GHZ Processor, 3 GB RAM, 13 MP rear camera and 32 GB memory and supports 128 GB of external storage.
“Last week we launched the Passport in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., France, Germany and Dubai. Within four days of that we are launching it here. This shows the priority of the Indian market for us,” he added.
The company, which is looking to reinvent itself to gain the lost ground in the country’s smartphone market, will also be launching BlackBerry Classic that will bring back the famous BlackBerry trackball back before February.

O Panneerselvam takes oath as Chief Minister of Tamil NaduSep 29, 2014 at  04:44pm IST
O Panneerselvam takes oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
27
0
Chennai: O Panneerselvam took oath as the new Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu on Monday, two days after the AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa stepped down from office following conviction in Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case. He also did not change any of the portfolios, keeping home, public and finance ministries with himself.
A staunch Jaya loyalist, Panneerselvam broke down while being administered oath by Governor Konijeti Rosaiah in the Raj Bhawan. Many of the ministers like Gokul Indra and Mukkur N Subramanian also got emotional during the swearing-in ceremony.
This is his second stint as the CM, the last one being in 2001. The 63-year-old leader from Thevar community served as the Finance Minister and PWD Minister in the Jayalalithaa Cabinet.
#panneerselvam #tamil nadu #cm #jayalalithaa
Jayalalithaa had taken everyone by surprise by handpicking him to fill her shoes in 2001 when she had to step down due to her conviction in TANSI land scam. Panneerselvam chose not to function from the chair on which his 'revered' leader sat while he performed the role of the nightwatchman.
He duly vacated the post after Jayalalithaa was acquitted in the case. But this time his selection was expected by many after she was sent to jail in a graft case as the stature of the leader, known for his unflinching devotion to Jayalalithaa, has grown in the party over the years.
It was in September 2001 that he was sworn-in as Chief Minister for the first time and it is in the same month in 2014, when the lady luck has smiled again on him. But he has a more challenging task at hand this time as the much-adored "Amma" Jayalalithaa stands disqualified as an MLA following her conviction and four-year imprisonment in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate wealth case by a Bangalore court on Saturday and faces and uncertain political future while the party has to prepare for assembly elections in 18 months.
Incidentally, Panneerselvam is the first man from the Thevar community to become the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. Representing Bodinayakanur Assembly constituency in Theni District in the current assembly, Pannerselvam has risen from humble origins. His family still owns a tea stall he once ran.
He was also an agriculturist and began his political career when he was elected to Periyakulam Municipality. He went on to become its Chairman during 1996-2001. A graduate, he was elected to the state assembly in the 2001 elections and straight away was made the Revenue Minister by Jayalalithaa.
Panneerselvam has also served as the leader of the AIADMK legislative party and the Leader of the Opposition in the state Assembly for about two weeks, after the party lost the assembly elections in May 2006.
(With inputs from PTI)

12 killed in worst east Ukraine shelling in a weekSmoke rises after shelling near the town of Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Keiv | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:06 pm
East Ukraine has suffered the worst violence in more than a week, as fighting between pro-Russian rebels and government troops in the region killed at least 12 people and wounded 32.
Col Andriy Lysenko told journalists in a briefing in Kiev today that at least nine servicemen had been killed in the last day and 27 had been wounded.
The city council of Donetsk said in a statement published online that at least three civilians were killed and five wounded in overnight shelling of a residential area in the north, where fighting has centered on the government-held airport.
Violence has continued despite a cease-fire declared on September 5. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has been at pains to prove to a skeptical audience at home that his peace plan is working.
Since fighting began in April, the conflict has claimed at least 3,500 lives. Last week, representatives of Russia, Ukraine, and the rebels signed another agreement that would require both sides to remove all heavy artillery from the frontline, creating a buffer zone that would allow the cease-fire to be better enforced.

RBI credit policy unlikely to have any impact on markets: Expert("The credit policy I do not…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com, shares his views on markets . Excerpts:
ET Now: Do defensives keep on seeing the strength over the course of the next few days, the reason I am asking this question to you because I also heard you mention that Bank Nifty could also be a long despite the fact that there is a credit policy tomorrow?
Ashwani Gujral: Yes but the credit policy I do not think there is much expected out there and we are already corrected to the 50-day moving average. See the point is we had a large rally on Friday. Now, today all day long we tried to fall and we really could not fall below 7950. So if this continues and we are able to find support, then this market becomes a buy on dip market with a stop around 7850. So chances are whenever these narrow range days resolve, they should resolve on the upside and maybe you could have a rally all the way back up to 8150 because this remains a bull market. So maybe CNX IT and pharma will just kind of support the market because it appears that the downside immediately maybe over and then 200-300 point upswing is likely from here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends day 29 pts down; Nifty above 7 950Sensex ends on a flat note; metals, banks decline
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.56PM IST
(The Nifty closed at 7,958.90,…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex ended on a flat-to-negative note as bulls lacked charge after a sharp rise in previous session.
The 30-share index ended at 26,616.36, down 9.96 points or 0.04 per cent. It touched a high of 26,715.77 and a low of 26,518.01 in trade today.
The Nifty closed at 7,958.90, down 9.95 points or 0.12 per cent. It touched a high of 7,991.75 and a low of 7,934.70 in trade today.
Buying action was seen in stocks from broader markets which were beaten down recently. The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 1.49 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index gained 2.27 per cent, the S&P BSE IT Index rose 2 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index gained 0.15 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index fell 1.07 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was down 0.78 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index declined 0.44 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 3.64 per cent), TCS (up 3.35 per cent), GAIL (up 2.41 per cent), Power Grid Corporation (up 2.19 per cent) and Hindalco (up 2.07 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Jindal Steel (3.89 per cent), DLF (2.68 per cent), Kotak Bank (2.18 per cent), Tata Steel (1.74 per cent) and Coal India (1.55 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 763 gainers against 344 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 1,133.64 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 1335.33 crore on Friday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This week s critical for Dalal Street: Top 10 stocks that can return upto 9% in 4-5 daysSMC:
1) Power Finance Corporation: Target set at Rs 262
The stock closed at 246.15 on 26th September 2014. It made a 52-week low at Rs 120.10 on 29th October 2013 and a 52-week high at 344.75 on 09thJune 2014. The 200 days Exponential Moving Average (EMA) of the stock on the daily chart is currently at 232.25.
In the last week also with the gain in index it also reversed sharply by forming reversal bar on the charts with volumes. Therefore, one can buy in the range of 243-245 levels for the upside target of 260-262 levels with SL of 232.
Analyst Name: Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd
2) L&T Ltd: BUY in NSE cash above 1481 with stop loss of 1431, target of 1531, 1561
L&T bounced back on last day of this week's trading and formed bullish engulfing candle on daily charts signalling a trend reversal from the correction of the earlier few days. Now if it crosses the resistance level of 1481, it can show upside movement, where traders can initiate long position above 1481 with stop loss of 1431 and upside targets of 1531,1561.
3) Biocon: Buy in NSE cash above 500 with stop loss of 486, target of 514,524
The stock is accumulating below the psychological resistance level of 500 after showing correction recently. It is likely to move upwards with the crossing of this resistance mark. One may take long position in the stock above the level of 500 for the targets of 514 and 524 respectively. Strong support is placed at 486, which will act as stop loss for the stock.
4) HCL Technologies: Buy HCL Technologies in NSE Cash above 1735 with stop loss of 1694 and a target of Rs 1788,1818
HCL Technologies recently registered its all-time high of 1735 and now it is consolidating near to the same. The stock is sustaining below the falling trend line on the short term charts with the resistance mark of 1735. A breakout above its resistance mark may continue its bull run in upcoming sessions.
Traders can get targets of 1788 and 1818 in the stock. Stock takes support at 1694 which acts as technical stop loss for the stock.
5) Arind Ltd: BUY IN NSE CASH ABOVE 300.25 WITH SL OF 286 TGT 315,325
The stock was showing correction since past few sessions and now it forming reversal pattern on the short-term charts. It is expected to continue its primary bullish trend if it crosses its resistance mark of 300.25 in upcoming sessions, where traders can get targets of 315 and 325 in the stock while the technical stop loss for the stock is at 286.
Analyst Name: Abhijit Tambe, Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities

Modi receives rousing welcome from NRIsModi receives rousing welcome from NRIs
PTI
Audience members react as they attend an event with India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States, on Sunday. Photo: Reuters
New York, Sept 29:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today received a rousing welcome from some 20,000 cheering NRIs when he addressed them from a 360-degree rotating platform at the iconic Madison Square Garden here.
Sporting a saffron Nehru jacket and yellow kurta, Modi held the packed indoor stadium spellbound. He spoke from a 360-degree slowly rotating platform in the storied arena, and those in attendance included Senators and Congressmen.
The massive crowd, comprising men, women and children, applauded on various occasions and shouted Jai hind, visibly upbeat and energised to hear the Prime Minister on US soil.
His address was preceded by a cultural extravaganza with performances by among others singer Kavita Krishnamurthy and her violin maestro husband L Subramaniam.
An artist painted a huge portrait of Modi on the stage while the duo’s performances were on.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Beyond the very special episodeBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 29 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
It used to be that when a television show wanted to get serious, it would take a break from its everyday proceedings for a Very Special Episode, devoted to the consequences of unusual intrusions into what was presumed to be everyday life, including drunken driving, racism, or violence against children.
One of the posters that is part of Cartoon Network’s anti-bullying efforts. (Credit: Cartoon Network)
That terms has fallen out of vogue, not least because shows like “Glee,” desperate to keep viewers tuning in every week in the face of increasingly-stiff competition, gave us a dramatic coming out of the closet or driving-and-texting-related car accident with every outing. But for Cartoon Network, which is on track to collect a million viewer-made videos in an ongoing bullying prevention campaign, raising awareness has become less about trying to push the children who are its target audience into new ways of thinking and more about meeting them where they are.
“I went down to meet with her and said ‘I want to do a bullying prevention game,’” Alice Cahn, vice president for social responsibility at the network said of one of her meetings with Cornelia Brunner, a senior technical adviser at the Educational Development Center. “She said, ‘You idiot. No one’s going to play a bullying prevention game. What are the games that kids are playing?…You need to begin by not disrupting the entire process.’”
To find out how Cartoon Network viewers are engaging with media and to get a sense of what their most pressing concerns are, the network began by talking to focus groups in 2009, and now surveys a group of 300 children every year to gauge their feelings on everything from the recession to bullying.
In the early years of the downturn, the respondents said that they were most worried that their parents or their friends’ parents would lose their jobs. But Cahn said that the top answer when Cartoon Network asked the pool where they thought they could make a change if adults helped them was in lessening the impact of bullying. Specifically, they wanted to know how they could help stand up for their friends.
To meet this demand from their young consumers, Cahn and Cartoon Network reached out to federal anti-bullying programs at the Justice and Health and Human Services departments, to researchers like Susan Limber and Marlene Snyder and looked at the active bystander model of intervention . What they learned runs counter to some pop culture tropes, like the idea that bullying is a behavior that only some people engage in, or that the best way to cope with a bully is to take revenge.
“The roles really shift. The kid who’s doing the bullying on Tuesday maybe got picked on on Friday. Everyone’s been touched,” Cahn said. “If you are doing an episode where a B storyline or an A storyline focuses on bullying behaviors, let’s get it right. Let’s not ignore it. Let’s not make all the adults look like idiots. Let’s not have heroes who are always exhibiting bullying behaviors.”
Then, rather than putting the information they had gathered into a single piece of content, like the anti-bullying game Brunner shot down, Cahn tried to diffuse it. Cartoon Network went through the games it offers online and tweaked the scoring algorithms, so that the in-game rewards would be higher if players employed anti-bullying behavior and players would have incentives to engage in those behaviors repeatedly.
Rather than commissioning bullying-specific storylines, Cahn met with Cartoon Network animators to give them the information. “A guy raised his hand in the back and said, you don’t need to share this with us, in junior high, we were the kids getting our heads stepped on in the toilet bowl,” she recalled. Now, the network produces anti-bullying posters featuring characters from Cartoon Network shows and quotes they have already spoken in episodes — Cartoon Network does not have to put new words in their mouths to get a message across.
And Cartoon Network has tried to give its viewers the material to create their own projects. When the network did a 2012 documentary about bullying, Cahn got educational clearances on the copyright so students could use the footage in classroom projects. The current video campaign is similarly designed to let young viewers do something, rather than simply absorbing a message.
“I love the [It Gets Better] campaign; many of our staff participated,” Cahn said. “But our audience is in second grade. If it doesn’t get better by lunch, it doesn’t matter.”
The big question, of course, is whether Cartoon Network has bested the Very Special Episodes model with a more integrative approach. Cahn does not yet have a verdict, though she hopes to find one.
“Efficacy research, even engagement research takes a long time. We’ve put it into place,” she acknowledged. “It should work. But how it will work and how many times you have to play and how many times you have to exhibit that behavior to get information transfer [are yet to be determined].”
In the interim, though, at least Cartoon Network’s subtler methods are creating better television than the awkward Very Special Episodes of yore, with crossover hits like the surreal cartoon “Adventure Time,” “Teen Titans” and “Steven Universe.”
“My friend Anne Wood, the creator of ‘Teletubbies,’ said to me once, ‘Television for kids has to be a mirror and a window. In that mirror they have to see themselves and their own joys and fears reflected, and through the window they need to show them a world they don’t see every day: people and places and ideas and concerns,’” Cahn said. “They deserve that opportunity to look out beyond their own world.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Studies Fault Warming in Much of 2013 Wild WeatherAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

India Is Open-Minded  It Wants Change: PM at Business BreakfastCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mr Modi said India is open-minded and wants the change, which is "not one-sided".
Listening to concerns raised by the business leaders, Mr Modi assured them that his government will address their issues and try to make the environment in India more business-friendly.
Describing the meeting as "excellent and very good", all business leaders, including Ms Nooyi and Mr Corbat, said that the Prime Minister heard their concerns and listed out the priority areas of his government to take forward the India story to higher levels.
"(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past," Mr Modi told the CEOs.
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed".
Mr Modi's observation comes in the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiments and overall business climate.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not one sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," the spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin tweeted, quoting Mr Modi as said at the meeting. The Prime Minister also told the business leaders that "infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs and enhances quality of life of our citizens."
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
After the meeting, Mr Banga said that the Prime Minister listed out areas like tourism, skill development and infrastructure as his key focus areas.
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the five-day visit.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 20:23 (IST)

Decision on Jan Dhan life cover soon  says S...Financial Services
(Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu said…)
MUMBAI: The government will shortly announce the life insurance cover to be provided to the new bank accounts being opened under the Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana , a top finance ministry official said today.
The government is already providing Rs 1 lakh personal accident cover for each bank account being opened under the scheme and the cover is being provided by private sector non-life insurance company HDFC Ergo .
"The government is planning to provide a life insurance cover of Rs 30,000 under the scheme to all those who open their bank accounts as part of the ongoing inclusion scheme.
"This cover is to be provided by Life Insurance Corporation ( LIC ) which is also planning to launch more new products under the scheme," Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu said while addressing annual general meeting of the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce.
However, Sandhu was quick to add that the life cover can be provided to only one person in a family under the scheme.
Later, talking to PTI, Sandhu said that it has not been decided yet as to who will pay the premium for the Rs 30,000 life cover.
On micro-insurance products to be provided under the scheme in the second phase of the programme, Sandhu said, "We want to promote micro-insurance which are non-existent today".
Micro-insurance product cover up to Rs 50,000 will be provided under the scheme at a small premium.
"Only 50 lakh people living are having micro-insurance products with them now, whereas our objective is to provide such products to 30 crore people," he said.
"As of now, life cover has been provided to 33 percent people and 15-16 percent people are having non-life insurance cover with them which shows the wide gap in coverage and hence our focus on insurance products to be provided under the scheme," Sandhu said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mars Orbiter sends picture of dust storm act...Mars Orbiter Mission spacecraft sends pictures of dust storm activities
By PTI | 29 Sep, 2014, 10.16PM IST
India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, ISRO said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet , ISRO said today.
"Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)", Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said on its official Facebook page with a picture.
It said the image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars.
MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The Rs 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth's gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.

E-commerce major Flipkart ties up with PC Je...Flipkart
(Focus will be on replicating…)
MUMBAI: E-commerce major Flipkart has joined hands with jewellery retailer PC Jeweller to create a platform for online jewellery shopping.
"With the aim to revolutionise the trend of jewellery buying in India, this partnership will provide an online go-to platform for the shoppers," both the companies said in a statement.
The focus will be on the replicating the comfort, convenience and brilliance that is associated with shopping at a PC Jeweller's large format showroom online on Flipkart, it said.
"We are focussed on our online jewellery brand WearYourShine by PC Jeweller and going forward, we would also like to work with Flipkart towards creating a seamless offline-online integration wherein customers get a flexibility to buy online and exchange or return offline across over 46 showrooms of PC Jeweller.
"We see online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to our business," PC Jeweller Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer R K Sharma said.
Flipkart's deep data analytics and online cataloguing assistance will further refine the online shopping experience.
"Our access to the country's largest customer base allows us to predict market needs and list new products on our site that we feel will cater to current customer demands. We are confident that precious jewellery, as a category, has huge potential if done right.
"The association of Flipkart and PC Jewellers, both names that are trusted widely by customers, is well positioned to take online jewellery shopping to the next level," Flipkart SVP - Retail Kalyan Krishnamurthy said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ringing in the festivities with styleUpdated: September 29, 2014 21:08 IST
Ringing in the festivities with style
Madhulika Gautama
Special arrangement
Special arrangement
An Anamika Khanna, Arpita Mehta or a Ridhi Mehra for this navratri? Whatever your style, here’s how you can look fashionably festive this season
The nights have begun to be effectively longer with navratri on in full swing. Whether it be pandal or gollu hopping, looking festive is mandatory. And, if its dandiya and garba that’s on the cards, a leaf out of Deepika’s Goliyon ki Raasleela, Ram-leela look will do you just fine. Here’s how you can up your fashion ante this festive season.
Bling-bling
There can be no other better time in the year than these months when you can boldly sport a whole lot of bling. Remember metallic accents have made a huge comeback this season, so be sure to include gold-finish accessories to your look. A metallic cummerbund or ear-cuff can be both edgy and festive at the same time. And, if you’re really looking to experiment pair a gold bandeau blouse or bralet with your lehenga or saree.
Do Handloom
Give the designer sarees a break and embrace your ethnic side with handloom or woven silks. “It’s the only time of year that I take out my tussars and jute silks and wear them for Durga Pujo,” says Rukmani K., who looks forward to pandal hop during this season. “I recently bought an exquisite handloom saree from Raw Mango that I plan to wear this time,” she says.
Simple and elegant, hand-woven silks spell class. Sanjay Garg’s Raw Mango, Abraham & Thakore, and Gaurang are labels that you can invest in this season. If you’re looking for a bit of kitsch with your handloom buy, Payal Khandwala’s edgy tunics that can be paired with a simple pair of white pants or Swati Vijaivargie’s dhoti pants or dresses will set you apart.
Dhol baaje
What can be more fun than a sexy choli with a full ghera lehenga? The rule to a perfect dandiya outfit is mirror work, mirror work and more mirror work. Sport the look in non-traditional colours like electric blue, neon greens and pinks. Arpita Mehta’s mirror work sarees, Anita Dongre’s stylish lehengas and Manish Malhotra’s mirror work skirts or long anarkalis are just the outfits for a fun evening.
Get creative
Don’t follow the rules and get innovative with your looks this festive season. Drape your saree over a pair of slim pants, or pair a short kurta over dhoti pants and enjoy the results. An Anamika Khanna is the perfect choice for such a look.
Don’t do the same old – same old blouse. Wear a white T-shirt like blouse, a la Konkona Sen, or collared, long-sleeved blouses like Rani Mukherjee. Or do short jackets and khotis that are in this season and instantly add glam to any outfit. And, why not look like a million bucks in a heavily embroidered Anju Modi lehenga or Ridhi Mehra outfit?
Search

Maryam Zarnegar Deloffremaryam zarnegar deloffre
Londoners accidentally pay for free Wi-Fi with a firstbornBy Rachel Feltman September 29 Follow @rachelfeltman
Whoops. (Damian Dovarganes/AP)
A good Wi-Fi network is hard to find, but six Londoners were willing to pay the ultimate price -- based on the Terms and Conditions they agreed to, anyway.
In an experiment sponsored by security firm F-Secure, an open Wi-Fi network was set up in a busy public area. When people connected, they were presented with lengthy terms and conditions.
But to see just how little attention we pay when checking that agreement box, F-Secure included a "Herod clause" -- one that offered up free Wi-Fi in exchange for the company's permanent ownership of the user's firstborn child.
The experiment was intended to highlight the dangers of connecting to unknown Wi-Fi networks, the Guardian reports. While only six people clicked through the Herod clause, another 33 devices connected once the researchers removed all Terms and Conditions. Meanwhile, users left their personal data -- including passwords -- completely vulnerable to the network.
A company would probably have trouble getting you to hand over your pride and joy (even if you were technically contractually obligated), so don't panic. But this hapless agreement to terms is pretty common: A 2011 survey  found that 58 percent of adults would rather read an instruction manual or credit card bill than go through online terms and conditions. Even the phone book was a more palatable read for 12 percent of those surveyed.
And we know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that people basically never read the things they agree to online -- because if we did, we'd spend about 76 days a year doing it. In fact, this new study isn't the first of its kind: On April Fool's Day in 2010, a host of U.K. shoppers were tricked into signing away their immortal souls .
But hey, wait, what if you always read the terms and conditions? Consider this: In a 2008 study, the Nielsen Norman Group consulting firm concluded that Internet users probably only actually read about 20 percent of the words they "read." We've convinced ourselves that we're master speed readers, but we're actually just skimming.
People read text online differently than print, studies have found , with eyes flitting about from word to word instead of traveling linearly. That's okay -- the brain isn't naturally suited to one way of reading or the other, so we can probably force ourselves to stay good at both if we try. But when presented with a solid wall of text in the form of a contract that also happens to be on a screen, People use their skimming skills instead of the line-by-line reading that might protect them from legal snares.
But there's a difference between a solid skim and not reading something at all, and surely it takes a special level of inattention to accidentally sacrifice your child or soul. Scientists can't be sure yet whether our shrinking attention spans are the result of our tech-heavy life -- or if the distractions are just giving us an outlet for our naturally flitting focus. But either way, maybe we should start demanding distraction-proof bullet points at the top of all of our contractual agreements.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Asian Games 2014  Day 10: India climb up the medals tally with athletics  tennis gold41
2
India had to wait until the fag end of day ten of competition at the Incheon Asian Games for their fifth and sixth gold medals of the event, which were provided by discus-thrower Seema Punia and the tennis mixed doubles team of Sania Mirza and Saketh Sai Myneni - after a couple of final defeats in tennis and wrestling delivered two silver medals.
The two gold on Monday took India's tally to six, with an overall count of 42 including 7 silver and 29 bronze medals. Punia conquered the discus throw event with a distance of 61.03m while the rest of the field failed to touch the 60m mark. Seema's compatriot Krishna Poonia finished fourth. China's Xiaoxin Lu and Jian Tan picked up the silver and bronze, respectively. At the Commonwealth Games held in Glasgow, Seema had won silver.
That was followed by the mixed doubles team final where Sania and Myneni took on the Chinese Taipei pair of Hsien Yin Peng and Hao Ching Chan. The India pair had little trouble defeating their opponents winning 6-4, 6-3 to clinch India's only gold in the tennis event.
India's two gold medals on Monday came from discus-thrower Seema Punia and the mixed doubles tennis team of Sania-Myneni, taking it to No. 9 on the medals tally. (AP Photo)
#asian games 2014 #asian games #incheon #india
A little before Seema won India its 5th gold, wrestler Bajrang had to remain content with a silver medal after losing his 61kg final 1-3 to Iranian Masoud Esmaeilpoorjouybari. That was followed by Bajrang's fellow wrestler Narsingh Yadav winning bronze medal in the 74kg category, beating Japan's Daisuke Shimada in a play-off match.
India played its first final of the day in the men's doubles tennis event but had to taste defeat and stay content with the white metal. Sanam Singh could not add a second consecutive Asian Games gold medal to his kitty as he and Saketh Myneni came second in the men's doubles tennis final, losing the hard-fought battle in straight sets to Korea's Yongkyu Lim and Hyeon Chung. The fifth-seeded Indians lost the summit clash 5-7, 6-7 (2) in an hour and 29 minutes to the eighth-seeded local favourites.
Apart from Punia's gold-winning effort, Indian athletes also impressed in the track events where Naveen Kumar bagged a bronze in the 3000m Men's Steeplechase and OP Jaisha bagged the medal of same colour in Women's 1500m race. Also, the men's team of 4x400m Relay qualified for the final, finishing second in Round 1 Heat.
It wasn't a good day for boxers at Incheon on Monday, where just one of the four men in action progress to the next round.
Vikas Krishan eased past Azamat Uulu Kanybek of Kyrgyzstan to reach the quarterfinals of the middle weight (75kg) category, but Mandeep Jangra (Welter, 69kg), Kuldeep Singh (Light Heavy, 81kg) and Gaurav Bidhuri (Fly, 52kg) were all knocked out in the quarter-finals.
The paddlers had mixed fortunes on a see-sad day for the Indian table tennis contingent. The team of Achanta Sharath Kamal and Poulomi Ghatak was knocked out after losing in straight games to a Thailand team in the mixed doubles.
Meanwhile, Ankita Das registered a comprehensive 4-0 win over her Kuwait opponent to advance to the women's singles second round and the mixed doubles team of Anthony Amalraj and Madhurika Patkar progressed to the pre-quarters after getting a bye in the first round. They beat the Mongolian pair of Orgil Munkh Batbayar and Enkhjin Barkhas 3-0.
India continued to dominate in the kabaddi arena as the men's team thrashed Thailand 66-27 in a preliminary Group A match. India had beaten Bangladesh in their campaign opener.
However, India's campaign in women's hockey bowed out of the medal race as the Indian girls lost 1-3 to South Korea in the semi-final on Monday. The Indian men's team also takes on the hosts tomorrow for a place in the final.
The Indian canoe and kayak sprint contingent had a disappointing outing as none of the competitors managed to make a podium finish at the Hanam Misari Canoe/Kayak Center.
The men's 1000 metre Canoe Double pair of Ajit Kumar Saha and Raju Rawat finished fifth while the Kayak Four team of Ajit Singh, Sunny Kumar, Ramesh Golli, and A Chingching Singh ended the 1000 metre race at eighth spot. Raj Albert Selvaraj came eighth in Kayak Single 1000 metre race and Jamesboy Singh Oinam finished ninth in Canoe Single 200 metre event.
In the women's section, the 500 metre Kayak quartet of Ragina Kiro, Anusha Biju, P Soniya Devi and A Nanao Devi ended seventh and the 500 metre Kayak Double team of Ragino Kiro and A Nanao Devi came ninth.
Indian men's Sepaktakraw team registered a comprehensive straight-game win over Brunei and Nepal but their women counterparts sunk against Indonesia in preliminary round matches on Monday.
The Indian team took just 38 minutes to see off the challenge from Brunei 21-12, 21-15 in men's regu preliminary group B match early in the day before getting a 2-0 result in their favour after Nepal did not start the match at the Bucheon Gymnasium. With two wins from as many matches, the Indian men are now placed at the top of the group, while Korea are second.
However, the women's team went down in a little over half an hour as their fight was crushed 12-21, 13-21 by Indonesian eves in a Women's Regu preliminary Group A match. Indian women are placed at the bottom of Group A, which also comprises China and Laos, besides Indonesia.
(With inputs from agencies)

Assam to set up 50-MW gas-based power plantPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 29, 2014 8:08 pm
Two state-sector PSUs of Assam — Assam Gas Company Limited (AGCL) and Assam Power Generation Corporation Limited (APGCL) — have come forward to set up a 50-MW power plant by utilising associated gas that generally go waste in the state’s oil flields, power and industry minister Pradyut Bordoloi said on Monday.
Estimated to cost about Rs 300 crore, the gas-based power project will be set up in Titabor in Jorhat district, the constituency that Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi represents. The project is expected to be commissioned in two years.
The minister said Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited has agreed to sell associated gas from its oil fields in Jorhat and Golaghat districts for the project. AGCL will the lay the pipeline network for collecting the associated gas to feed the power project.
Bordoloi also said that APGCL would soon set up a solar power plant at the site in Amguri in Sivasagar district, where a gas-based power project failed to take off in the past 20 years after ONGC and Oil India Limited expressed their inability to supply the required gas for the project.

Govt not to sell NTC: Santosh Gangwar  Texti...Government not to sell NTC: Santosh Gangwar, Textiles Minister
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 08.52PM IST
(Govt said "it is committed…)
NEW DELHI: The government today said "it is committed not to sell" the loss making NTC and plans to nurse the ailing state-owned textiles firm back to health by disposing of its land worth Rs 1,750 crore in Uttar Pradesh.
"NTC has 11 places in UP and British India Corporation Ltd (BICL) has 35. The matter has been pending since last 15 years and the government has wasted Rs 500 crore," Textiles Minister Santosh Gangwar said at a conference here.
"I do not wish to blame anybody. I wrote to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and met him. We had fruitful discussions on the issue. We will dispose of/sell the land worth Rs 2,000 crore of BIC and Rs 1,750 crore of NTC (to generate revenue)," he said.
However, Gangwar added: "We are committed to not sell National Textile Corporation."
Textiles Secretary Sanjay Kumar Panda said: "Most of the land is leased by the state government. So unless the lease arrangement changes, it will not be possible to dispose of the land. We are in discussions with the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh and the state government has tentatively agreed that they will help us in disposal of the land."
Gangwar also said that he had written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring handloom weavers in the purview of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act to enhance their earning, but there were "difficulties" in attaining the objective.
He emphasised upon the need to take a fresh look at the National Textile Policy and reiterated that the government was in the process of framing the new policy.
Moreover, the Textiles Minister informed that he would launch the Pashmina Promotion scheme announced in the budget on October 8 in Ladakh.
"I propose to start a Pashmina Promotion Programme (P-3) and a programme for the development of other crafts of Jammu & Kashmir. I am setting aside a sum of Rs 50 crore for this purpose," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced in the Budget earlier.
Gangwar further said the government has decided to increase the financial support for setting up a National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) centre in Srinagar from 50 per cent to 90 per cent.
On the eight mega clusters announced in the Budget, he said seven of these are under various stages of implementation, while the one in Varanasi is operational. The government had announced setting up of mega clusters in Varanasi, Surat, Bhuj, Lucknow, Bareilly, Burhanpur, Mysore and Trichy.
The Minister also highlighted that "children working on traditional vocations within their homes voluntarily should not be counted as child labourers," and demanded a change in labour laws in this regard.
Gangwar also said that the Textiles Ministry is exploring the option of building showrooms at prime locations to help marketing of its products.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM pitches India story  lists priority areas to US CEOsSep 29, 2014, 08.35 PM IST  | Source: PTI
PM pitches India story, lists priority areas to US CEOs
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Modi said India is open-minded and want the change, which is "not one-sided".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PM pitches India story, lists priority areas to US CEOs
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Modi said India is open-minded and want the change, which is "not one-sided".
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Modi said India is open-minded and want the change, which is "not one-sided".
Listening to concerns raised by the business leaders, Modi assured them that his government will address their issues and try to make the environment in India more business- friendly.
Describing the meeting as "excellent and very good", all business leaders, including Nooyi and Corbat, said that the Prime Minister heard their concerns and listed out the priority areas of his government to take forward the India story to higher levels. "(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past," Modi told the CEOs.
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed" and allowed the Government to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are functional. Modi's observation comes in the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiments and overall business climate.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," the spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin tweeted, quoting Modi as said at the meeting. The Prime Minister also told the business leaders that "infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs and enhances quality of life of our citizens."
RELATED NEWS

John Oliver says Indias Modi has redefined how a world leader should make an appearanceJeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
September 29, 2014
Comedian John Oliver joked that India’s newly elected prime minister, Narendra Modi, had set “the new bar” for visits by heads of government. Modi’s weekend visit to New York City had some of the trappings of a rock star’s arrival.
His speech at Madison Square Garden featured dancers and a portrait artist. And Modi quoted the famous Star Wars line, “May the force be with you,” after his speech in Central Park, with Wolverine (aka Hugh Jackman) by his side.
Forgotten in the hoopla was the fact that Modi had been banned from entering the US in 2005, for failing to intervene as chief minister of Gujarat state during 2002 riots in which Hindu mobs attacked minority Muslims . According to the International Religious Freedom Act  (pdf, pg 2), which the US Congress passed in 1998, “ foreign officials responsible for “severe violations of religious freedom” aren’t eligible for visas. Indian courts have cleared Hindu-nationalist Modi of wrongdoing, and his fawning fans in New York didn’t seem to care.
Share this:

PM Modi meets IBM CEO Virginia Romnetty in New YorkPM Modi meets IBM CEO Virginia Romnetty in New York
Telangana CM congratulates Sania Mirza for winning goldTelangana CM congratulates Sania Mirza for winning gold
Mauritius Tourism ties up with Indian designer Charu ParasharMauritius Tourism ties up with Indian designer Charu Parashar
Reliance Capital to launch more India funds abroadReliance Capital to launch more India funds abroad
Court lists Jayalalithaa bail plea for hearing TuesdayCourt lists Jayalalithaa bail plea for hearing Tuesday
Banks seek RBI nod to recast loans post SC s coal verdictBanks seek RBI nod to recast loans post SC s coal verdict
Vodafone ties up with IRCTC partnerVodafone ties up with IRCTC partner
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 29:  
Vodafone India has entered into an agreement with Bharat BPO, a partner of Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corp, to provide online booking of railway tickets through mobile phones. Subscribers can use the GSM operator’s mobile money transfer and payment service Vodafone M-Pesa for booking the tickets, the company said in a statement. Additionally, information on cancellation and PNR status can also be accessed through the mobile application.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

AirAsia restarts Hyderabad-Kuala Lumpur routeAirAsia restarts Hyderabad-Kuala Lumpur route
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 29:  
No-frills carrier AirAsia today announced resumption of its flight services to Hyderabad from Kuala Lumpur and also offered a promotional all-inclusive fare of Rs 2,099 for a one-way journey.
The airline had discontinued the route in 2011.
“The recommencement of Hyderabad-Kuala Lumpur route will enable many guests to experience our ‘fly-thru’ service through Kuala Lumpur. The resumed service will also connect to other exciting domestic destinations such as Penang, Langkawi, Kota Kinabalu, Kuching and many more,” AirAsia head of commercial Spencer Lee said in a release.
The latest flight service which is set to stimulate and encourage more travel and enhance the international market from our Kuala Lumpur hub will strengthen AirAsia position in India, he said.
Besides, it will also connect other global destinations such as Singapore, Bali, Jakarta, Bangkok, Phuket, Hong Kong, Ho Chi Minh City, Brunei, Sydney, Gold Coast, Melbourne and Perth, the release said.
The Fly-thru flights from Hyderabad will be available for booking at at AirAsia’s website from October 7 onwards, it said.
In conjunction with the launch of the route, AirAsia is offering promotional all-in fares from as low as Rs 2,099 one way.
The bookings under the special fare scheme can be made between September 30 and October 5 with the travel period from Dec 8 2014 to October 24, 2015, the airline added.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

AbbVie denies reports it seeks additional Shire financing0
The Obama administration is looking at ways to halt a wave of acquisitions that allow U.S. companies to move their legal address overseas, potentially eroding the corporate tax base. The rules imposed this week, which Lew said are within the powers of the executive branch to enact without congressional legislation, will make it more difficult for U.S. companies to finance inversion deals by using cash they hold overseas, beyond the reach of American taxes.
While offshore money can still be used under the new regulations, it would be subject to a 35 percent tax rate.
The measures announced by Lew on Monday impose curbs on loans or cash transfers from offshore subsidiaries to a new foreign parent  — which AbbVie would create by setting up a British-domiciled company after buying Shire. The headline rate of tax on U.S. corporate earnings is 40 percent, compared with 21 percent in Britain.
AbbVie’s examination of how it will finance the Shire transaction is at an early stage, according to the Bloomberg News report, which cited unnamed sources. The company remains committed to the merger, the report said.
In addition to tax benefits, AbbVie would acquire Shire's cache of drugs used to treat attention-deficit disorder and rare diseases.
AbbVie, which is based in North Chicago, hasn't disclosed how much offshore cash it intended to use to finance the Shire purchase. As of the second quarter of this year, the company held about $10.2 billion in cash and equivalents, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, which analysts, including Jeffrey Holford at Jefferies in New York, estimate is mostly held outside the U.S.
The overall impact of the new U.S. rules on inversion deals isn't yet clear. Pfizer, the largest U.S. drugmaker, is still seeking acquisition targets that would allow it to move out of the United States, and it recently approached Actavis about a combination, people familiar with the matter said this week. Canadian coffee-and-doughnuts chain Tim Hortons Inc., which is being acquired by Burger King Worldwide Inc. in an inversion merger, has said the deal will proceed despite the restrictions.
So far, the U.S. has stopped short of targeting the most lucrative elements of inversion deals such as so-called “earnings stripping,” which allows companies to lower taxable U.S. profits by shifting them to foreign subsidiaries. Attempts to introduce stricter measures may have to wait for comprehensive tax reform legislation in Congress, where Republicans and Democrats have been unable to agree on a way forward.
Tribune Reporter Peter Frost and Bloomberg News contributed.

Weekend Roundup: ISIS Has Unified the World; Climate Change Has Divided Itreddit
This week, the U.N. Security Council stood united in a unanimous resolution to fight what President Obama called the ISIS " network of death ." Yet, despite pleas for the world to act together on global warming, the leaders of India and China failed to even show up at the U.N. Climate Summit. India's environment minister actually announced that his country would not cut carbon emissions and that the burden should fall on the developed countries.
As the U.S. struck ISIS targets in both Syria and Iraq, Pope Francis visited Albania, a Muslim-majority country that is one of the poorest in Europe. Writing from Tirana, Albania's Prime Minister Edi Rama reports on the pope's visit and his inspiring message of peace, hope and tolerance.
Writing from Canberra, the former head of the International Crisis Group, Gareth Evans , points out the limits of America's anti-ISIS strategy. Former MI6 agent Alastair Crooke argues that ISIS is drawing the U.S. and its coalition  further into conflagration in order to further its own aims in the region.
Reporting from a remote village in central Turkey, WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones tells the harrowing story of two hostages who were released by ISIS last week. "It was a fine line between life and death," one tells her.
In this week's " Forgotten Fact " series, the WorldPost turns to Boko Haram in Nigeria, revealing how the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls doesn't tell the whole story of what's going on in that country.
As world leaders focused on climate change at the U.N. summit this week, the WorldPost gathered an array of voices to address the subject. Former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan calls for global unity to act now. California Governor Jerry Brown writes about how the climate challenge can be met "from the bottom up" at the sub-national level. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon describes how his city is becoming eco-friendly. Writing from New Delhi, environmental scientist V. Rajamani says India is experiencing a climate "fever" caused by human economic activity.
WorldPost Beijing correspondent Matt Sheehan heads to the coal-fired heartland of China to report on daily life at ground zero of climate change. He also writes about Chinese funemployed college grads "gnawing the old."
In an interview with the WorldPost, one of Europe's leading statesmen, Swedish Foreign Minister and former Prime Minister Carl Bildt , ponders Putin's motives and next moves in the Ukraine conflict. Writing from Moscow, Dmitry Gorenburg writes that many Russians, including Vladimir Putin, believe that the U.S. is out to overturn governments it doesn't like by instigating "color revolutions" from within.
Futurist Peter Schwartz warns that "challenger" states such as China, Brazil and Germany could end the Internet as we know it and break it down into national nets where information is controlled. Writing from Jerusalem, Yuval Noah Harari , author of the new blockbuster book, "Sapiens," fears that, with new scientific advances in genetics, social inequality could translate into "biological inequality." Philip Mirowski worries that robots are increasingly being designed to supplant human decisions. Chandran Nair looks at the impact of robots in overpopulated Asia.
Finally, Zeng Jinyan -- the wife of  China's famous environmental dissident activist Hu Jia -- writes about what it is like to live under constant surveillance and harassment by China's security police.
WHO WE ARE
EDITORS: Nathan Gardels, Senior Advisor to the Berggruen Institute on Governance and the long-time editor of NPQ and the Global Viewpoint Network of the Los Angeles Times Syndicate/Tribune Media, is the Editor-in-Chief of The WorldPost. Farah Mohamed is the Managing Editor of The WorldPost. Kathleen Miles is the Senior Editor of the WorldPost. Alex Gardels is the Associate Editor of The WorldPost. Nicholas Sabloff is the Executive International Editor at the Huffington Post, overseeing The WorldPost and HuffPost's 10 international editions. Eline Gordts is HuffPost's World Editor.
CORRESPONDENTS: Sophia Jones in Istanbul; Matt Sheehan in Beijing.
EDITORIAL BOARD: Nicolas Berggruen, Nathan Gardels, Arianna Huffington, Eric Schmidt (Google Inc.), Pierre Omidyar (First Look Media) Juan Luis Cebrian (El Pais/PRISA), Walter Isaacson (Aspen Institute/TIME-CNN), John Elkann (Corriere della Sera, La Stampa), Wadah Khanfar (Al Jazeera), Dileep Padgaonkar (Times of India) and Yoichi Funabashi (Asahi Shimbun).
CONTRIBUTING EDITORS: Moises Naim (former editor of Foreign Policy), Nayan Chanda (Yale/Global; Far Eastern Economic Review) and Katherine Keating (One-On-One). Sergio Munoz Bata and Parag Khanna are Contributing Editor-At-Large.
The Asia Society and its ChinaFile, edited by Orville Schell, is our primary partner on Asia coverage. Eric X. Li and the Chunqiu Institute/Fudan University in Shanghai and Guancha.cn also provide first person voices from China. We also draw on the content of China Digital Times. Seung-yoon Lee is The WorldPost link in South Korea.
Jared Cohen of Google Ideas provides regular commentary from young thinkers, leaders and activists around the globe. Bruce Mau provides regular columns from MassiveChangeNetwork.com on the "whole mind" way of thinking. Patrick Soon-Shiong is Contributing Editor for Health and Medicine.
ADVISORY COUNCIL: Members of the Berggruen Institute's 21st Century Council and Council for the Future of Europe serve as the Advisory Council -- as well as regular contributors -- to the site. These include, Jacques Attali, Shaukat Aziz, Gordon Brown, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Juan Luis Cebrian, Jack Dorsey, Mohamed El-Erian, Francis Fukuyama, Felipe Gonzalez, John Gray, Reid Hoffman, Fred Hu, Mo Ibrahim, Alexei Kudrin, Pascal Lamy, Kishore Mahbubani, Alain Minc, Dambisa Moyo, Laura Tyson, Elon Musk, Pierre Omidyar, Raghuram Rajan, Nouriel Roubini, Nicolas Sarkozy, Eric Schmidt, Gerhard Schroeder, Peter Schwartz, Amartya Sen, Jeff Skoll, Michael Spence, Joe Stiglitz, Larry Summers, Wu Jianmin, George Yeo, Fareed Zakaria, Ernesto Zedillo, Ahmed Zewail,  and Zheng Bijian.
From the Europe group, these include: Marek Belka, Tony Blair, Jacques Delors, Niall Ferguson, Anthony Giddens, Otmar Issing, Mario Monti, Robert Mundell, Peter Sutherland and Guy Verhofstadt.
MISSION STATEMENT
The WorldPost is a global media bridge that seeks to connect the world and connect the dots.  Gathering together top editors and first person contributors from all corners of the planet, we aspire to be the one publication where the whole world meets.
We not only deliver breaking news from the best sources with original reportage on the ground and user-generated content; we bring the best minds and most authoritative as well as fresh and new voices together to make sense of events from a global perspective looking around, not a national perspective looking out.
More:

America s Densest Citiesreddit
There is a general perception that the densest US cities are in the Northeast, where downtowns tend to be bigger and inner city densities are higher. However, cities have become much larger geographically, and also include the automobile oriented lower density suburbs that have developed since World War II. In fact, most of the densest major urban areas are in the West.
Since 1950, each decennial census of the United States has defined urban areas , or, areas of continuous urbanization. Urban areas include core cities (municipalities, such as the city of New York or the city of Boston) as well as adjacent suburbs.
Urban areas do not correspond to city limits or jurisdiction borders. They are composed of small census districts that average fewer than 50 residents and can cross state lines. Metropolitan areas, which are often wrongly used interchangeably with urban areas, are based on county boundaries and always contain rural areas . So, metropolitan area densities are a useless statistic for urban density analysis.
New York and Los Angeles
This article ranks the densities of the largest urban areas (cities) in the nation's 52 metropolitan areas with more than 1,000,000 population.
With the largest population, New York is America's ultimate city. More than 18 million people live in the urban area. The New York urban area covers the most land area in the world . It stretches far beyond City Hall in Manhattan, 50 miles west to Hackettstown, New Jersey, 90 miles east to Sag Harbor Long Island, 55 miles north to Dutchess County, New York, and 80 miles south to Ocean County, New Jersey. The New York urban area is geographically bigger than Delaware and Rhode Island combined. Nonetheless, New York has fallen behind Los Angeles, San Francisco, and San Jose in urban density.
Despite its international reputation for endless urban sprawl, the densest major city is Los Angeles. Los Angeles covers one-half the land area of New York, with two-thirds the population (12.2 million). With an area of 1,736 square miles, Los Angeles has an urban density of 6,999 per square mile. The urban core of Los Angeles is much less dense than New York, but the suburbs (where most people live) are twice as dense .
Six urban areas are geographically larger than Los Angeles. These include New York, Atlanta (2,645 square miles), Chicago (2,443), Boston (1,873), Philadelphia (1,981) and Dallas-Fort Worth (1,779). Among these, Boston is reputed for its high density urban core. But because of its very low density suburbs, Boston is less than one-third as dense as Los Angeles and less dense than cities perceived to have lower density, such as Phoenix and Houston. (For complete information on urban area, core municipality and suburban, see here .)
Balance of the Top Ten
San Francisco is the second densest city, at 6,266 per square mile. San Francisco has a dense urban core like New York. But more of San Francisco looks like Los Angeles than New York. Its suburbs are 50 percent more dense than those of New York.
San Jose ranks third, with an urban density of 5,820. Yet, even with virtually no pre-automobile urban core , San Jose is more dense than New York. This is because its all-suburban urban form is dense enough to erase the effect of New York's hyper dense urban core.
Las Vegas ranks fifth (after New York), with a density of 4,525. Las Vegas was too small to be a metropolitan area in 1950, and like San Jose is composed of virtually all post-war suburban development.
Miami ranks sixth, at 4,238 , with a higher core density and higher density suburbs.
The next three positions are occupied by #7 San Diego (4,037), #8 Salt Lake City (3,675) and #9 Sacramento (3,660). In each case, these cities have denser suburbs than average, which is the principal reason for their strong rankings.
New Orleans is the 10th densest city, which represents a substantial decline from 2000. Before Hurricane Katrina (2005), New Orleans ranked fifth in the nation, at 5,096. Its 2010 density (3,579) was a full 30 percent lower than in 2000.
The Bottom Ten
The bottom ten includes seven southern cities, two from the Northeast and one from the Midwest. Their densities range from 1,414 in Birmingham to 2,031 in Grand Rapids. The bottom ten also includes Charlotte, Atlanta, Raleigh, Nashville, Hartford, Pittsburgh, Richmond, and Jacksonville.
Interestingly, the Hartford metropolitan area has the highest gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the world , according to data in the Brookings Global Metro Monitor, which is counter to the perception that associates stronger economic performance with higher urban densities.
Density Goes West
Thus, only one Northeastern city ranks in the top ten (New York) and none are from the Midwest. Seven of the top ten are in the West, with five in California and two more from the Intermountain West. Two more are from the South. However, two western cities that have among the strongest urban containment policies (densification policies), Seattle and Portland are not among the top ten in density.
Since World War II, nearly all of the nation's urban growth has been in suburban areas. Most of this growth has occurred in the West and South, rather than in the Northeast and the Midwest (North Central). The growing western suburbs developed at higher densities. The combination of these factors accounts for the higher urban densities in the West (Table 2). The effect of the much higher densities of urban cores in the Northeast are offset by the denser suburbs of the West. Indeed, the suburbs of the West are denser than all but seven of the 52 major urban areas.
More:

Woman at Work: Negotiations -- Foreign and Domesticreddit
Business, like politics, is the art of negotiating, of offering this in order to get that through compromise and deal-making. Negotiations can be employee to boss, team to team, interdepartmental or company to company, and may include internal, domestic and international negotiating partners. Every time we seek a promotion or a raise, or deal with business partners over goods, services, fees and prices, we are engaging in negotiations.
Since men have long dominated the business world, they have established the vocabulary and behavior of how to negotiate successfully. Businesswomen can learn much from this rich store of knowledge, but they also have to develop strategies to profile themselves, achieve their goals and build networks. For a wide variety of factors, this is more challenging for businesswomen than for businessmen.
Some of these factors include:
Positioning and personal branding: because men have been at it longer than women, they are more effective at branding themselves. Men ask for more because they know this is part of the negotiation game: demand the entire loaf while expecting half. Internally, men habitually apply for jobs that they are not qualified for whereas women are usually more self-critical of their abilities and know-how, and thus their true value to the company. Often, they choose to remain on the outer edges of the limelight, letting men take center stage. But the first step in branding themselves is learning the art of self-praise.
Culture and traditional gender norms: across the globe, businesswomen have to battle stereotypes of how they are expected to behave, whether this means that they should be less aggressive when seeking promotion or more demurring when negotiating with business partners. In many cultures, such as in the Middle East, women are presumed to live more domestic, family-oriented lives, while it is anticipated that men be active outside of this sphere.
Perception and second-generation bias: social psychologist Professor Faye Crosby at the University of California, Santa Cruz, observed what she calls " the denial of personal disadvantage." She discovered that people, particularly women, often believe that they are unaffected by injustices they see impacting others; a denial of the obvious.  In business, men and women alike often do not see or refuse to see the subtle, in-grown, almost invisible hurdles of assumptions, learned behavior and organizational structures which hold businesswomen back from reaching their potential. Gentle pressure to "be nice," "supportive" and "caring" keep women in the background, stunting their abilities and their careers. As Dr. Sherrie Bourg Carter, in Psychology Today, writes ,
"According to researchers at the Center for Gender in Organizations, second generation gender biases are 'work cultures and practices that appear neutral and natural on their face,' yet they reflect masculine values and life situations of men who have been dominant in the development of traditional work settings."
Thus, even well-meaning companies which have diversity policies may in fact have deeply ingrained corporate cultures that undermine their female talents.
Backlash: consciously or subconsciously many women demand less out of fear of appearing too assertive and thus unfeminine. Recent research by Professor Hannah Riley Bowles of Harvard Business School , and Professors Linda Babcock and Lei Lai of Tulane University shows how "both male and female study participants were less interested in working with women who attempted to negotiate a better salary than they were with men who tried to negotiate a higher salary." Thus, many qualified women step back for fear of how others will view and treat them.
The Game: the language of negotiations is masculine and militaristic -- you attempt to "out- maneuver," your "opponent" by "deploying" "tactics," unfolding a "battle plan" in order to "dominate," the negation,  even if it's labeled win-win. When businesswomen adapt such terminology, it often sounds forced and off-key. Moreover, researchers Jessica Kennedy of the University of Pennsylvania, and Laura Kray and Alex Van Zant of the University of California, Berkeley, have found that people lie more to a female negotiator than to a male one, in part because businesswomen are seen to be less business savvy than men.
Networks and double-standards: free of most family and household duties, men are better at networking than women because they can devote more time to after-work drinks and excursions to the golf course where many negations are made and deals sealed between "business friends." People promote and do the best business with those whom they know; if a business sector is dominated by men, it is logical that they favor other men in their circle. Additionally, powerful double-standards exist: if a woman joins male business partners for drinks, she may be broadcasting the wrong signals that have little to do with work. Yet if she forgoes this, she's missing out on valuable opportunities to close deals and advertise her worth to her boss. Businesswomen are thus more disconnected from power and influence than their male colleagues.
In order to thrive, excel and reach their full potential, businesswomen have to become more robust as negotiators. They have to become consciously aware that "niceness" can be perceived as weakness; that assertiveness is not necessarily the preserve of males; and that traditional feminine characteristics, such as empathy for others, are assets not liabilities. Effective negotiating skills can be developed in both genders but rights and privileges are not given freely; they are won through hard bargaining at the negotiating table.
More:

How to Encourage Customers to Tell Their Stories in Social Mediareddit
End radio silence in your social channels
Storytelling is the oldest form of marketing, whether on cave walls, on chairs in a general store, or in those 30-second scenes we call TV commercials. But for thousands of years, storytelling in marketing was participative. Everyone could add to the story and enjoy the thrill of taking it forward. Then during the second half of the twentieth century with the rise of mass marketing, the stories became one-way, broadcast via TV.  Social media finally brings back the participative model--and it's a good thing, since it's harder than ever to capture your customer's attention.
It helps to keep in mind that "storytelling" doesn't have to mean that you invent a fully imaginary character or world. You can tell stories and cast customers as characters in events that are happening in the real world, with your brand or in the broader cultural landscape. Just as you do anytime you're developing content, ask yourself: What do we have to work with? How does our brand naturally become a character in the everyday, real-life drama of our customers? Then, how can we engage our customers to tease those stories into conversation?
In successful social storytelling, every customer is a potential character, with his or her own plot and theme in the story. The brand's social platform--and the brand or even the product itself--becomes a venue for customers to play, improvise, and create. The goal isn't just to engage them, but to emotionally involve them in a story where they play a lead role. That requires changing your perspective: The brand doesn't control the story. The brand gets the ball rolling by getting customers' attention and engaging them enough that they take ownership of the story.
Here are some suggested frameworks that my company has used with clients to inspire customers to contribute.
1. Launch a creation contest: Challenge your customers to tell a story in words
or images about how your brand figures into their lives; set guidelines that help
add structure to their task. A great example of a successful customer-creation contest was Lego's three-week Holiplay campaign in 2012. According to the agency, Konstellation, the aim of the campaign was "to create brand awareness and show an emotional connection between the Lego brand and key family moments during December." The approach wasn't just to show that connection, but to create a storytelling game that actively engaged families with Lego play during the holidays.
Spreading the word through social, Lego asked fans to create five specific Lego characters, and they make their creations unique by photographing them in fun and surprising locations. People from 119 different countries participated, submitting videos that stunned Lego and fellow fans with their creativity. The best photographs became part of a short film that used the characters and images to tell a holiday fairy tale.
"But I sell vacuum cleaner bags, not Legos," you say. "No one wants to take pictures of vacuum bags." Sure--but your customers are just as involved in the holidays as Lego's. Find a way to connect to that.
2. Create a character: Customers, employees, even the product or brand itself can
become a character. The most well-known example of a character embodying a brand
is the Old Spice Guy, "The Man Your Man Could Smell Like," according to the campaign's tagline. His story generated upwards of 1.8 billion impressions, as the CEO told BusinessWeek, and led to P&G reducing traditional ad spend in favor of social media. Five months after the campaign launched, AdWeek reported that "overall sales for Old Spice body-wash products [were] up 11 percent in the last 12 months; up 27 percent in the last six months; up 55 percent in the last three months; and in the last month, with two new TV spots and the online response videos, up a whopping 107 percent."
The brand created the Old Spice Guy character, but he came alive primarily through real-time dialogue with customers through Twitter and Facebook. And suddenly Old Spice itself was sexy again.
3. Involve customers in a brand story: What's going on with your brand or the space that it plays in that customers could become a part of? For example, in 2013 the MTV European Music Awards gave eight superfans the chance to announce the nominations in a particular award category.
You can also work on developing your core brand narrative, and use it to look for ideas around how to include customers in that ongoing story. Having a very clear story that embodies your values provides important continuity as stories and messaging are adapted for, or co-opted by, different groups.
4. Use prompts: As part of your day-to-day content, ask your followers questions that encourage storytelling. Fill-in-the-blank questions asking who? or why? are great story starters or check-ins to escalate the narrative or take it in another direction. Bold, declarative statements can also get a conversation started. For example, which do you think is likely to provoke a response and encourage someone to share a personal story?
1. People are messy.
2. Who's the messiest person in your house?
3. Men are so MESSY!
The last statement, #3, is specific and extreme enough to create controversy
among those who disagree with it, and sharing among those who are living with
a messy, messy man.
5. Try reincorporation: Reincorporation is a trick used by actors in improvisational comedy, in which performers develop stories in real time with help from the audience. In improv, when the performers find a bit that gets a laugh, they bring it back a few more times during the rest of the performance, or find creative ways to reference it. They bring it back again and again, as long as people keep laughing.
Reincorporation helped the Old Spice Guy's story develop. The brand quickly realized that the videos got the biggest laughs when he was responding to what people said in social media--and once it realized that, it played the joke again and again. The brand never really changed the story format, it just kept reincorporating the audience response.
6. Plan content calendar arcs: As your brand builds a social presence centered on customer conversations, you are building content over time. In aggregate that content tells a story. It's likely to be a very disjointed story--unless you plan your content calendar and daily interactions with the principles of social storytelling in mind. Use themes to create a narrative arc for your messaging. To use a really simple example, for December's content, a brand might use the theme of "holiday chaos," following a customer as she plans and executes holiday events--encountering either disaster...or success!
These are story frameworks that we've seen work, but your creativity is the only limit in developing others. Your storytelling ability expands dramatically the moment you realize that you don't have to create in a vacuum. Draw your customers into that process--either literally or by looking at them under a microscope--and the ideas will start popping.
This is an adapted excerpt from The CMO's Social Media Handbook: A Step-by-Step Guide for Leading Marketing Teams in the Social Media World, by Peter Friedman, the CEO and Chairman of LiveWorld. To read more, download a free PDF version at  http://besocial.liveworld.com/CMOSMHandbookOrder, or buy the hardcover or ebook via Amazon. @PeterFriedman
Follow Peter Friedman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@peterfriedman
More:

Politics and Real Estate in the U.S.reddit
Whether or not the average homeowner realizes it, politics is the most important factor influencing the price of real estate, affecting the state of the economy, the level of interest rates, the nature of demographics, and a host of other variables that ultimately determine a property's value. Politics is inextricably linked with all these issues, impacting such things as the level of employment, the cost of borrowing, the direction of immigration, and degree of consumer confidence.
Given the partisan nature of the U.S. political system, and the need to produce an economic recovery since 2009, the policies that have been adopted by the Congress since then have largely been oriented toward maintaining a balance between limited resources and a rising tide of needs. For example, America's crumbling infrastructure requires that difficult choices to be made regarding whether a bridge gets fixed at the expense of, say, additional funds for the National Flood Insurance Program - which impacts the price of owning real estate.
The same is true at a state and local level. Does a state legislature authorize funds to repave an interstate or is the priority to maintain a school lunch program? Does a city legislature approve funds to improve a public community center at the expense of an expanded police force? Such examples have an impact on real estate because they effect the desirability of neighborhoods. They also serve to emphasize how little influence an individual homeowner may have on how those decisions are made - yet it is the homeowner that may pay the price for those decisions years down the road.
Politicians appear to be more and more focused on getting elected, toeing the party line, and getting reelected, often resulting in gridlock and getting little or nothing done. Lost in the process is what may matter most to individual constituents - such as homeowners. With fewer funds available for 'discretionary spending', more often than not, public facilities aren't getting a facelift and local streets aren't getting repaved.
The collective belt tightening that has prevailed since 2009 has prompted many buyers and sellers of real estate to take into account a host of considerations they may not have had to reflect upon prior to 2009. Some things homeowners may have been able to take for granted in the not so distant past - such as  declining property taxes and mill rates - are now little more than fond memories. Today, the norm appears to be higher taxes, a lower range and quality of public services, and generally higher costs.
While great progress has been made in addressing foreclosures and serious delinquencies since 2009, they remain a problem. According to CoreLogic, as of July 2014, nearly 6% of the real estate market in New Jersey consists of foreclosures, and more than 9% of homeowners are seriously delinquent in their payments in both Florida and New Jersey. The northeast leads the country in foreclosures, with Connecticut, Maine, New Jersey, and New York accounting for four of the top six states with lingering high rates of foreclosure. There remains a lot of pain out there, although we hear less about it these days. The political process has served to exacerbate that pain through a combination of inactivity,
ineffectiveness, and inefficiency.
As we approach the mid-term elections, many homeowners are asking whether the election of a new president will make a difference in the absence of a change in the way Congress goes about its business. And what is the likelihood that that will change any time soon? Moreover, would a new president or a change in the composition of Congress result in either a change or elimination of the recently created Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is the first financial regulator intended to protect consumers from abuse, fraud and misrepresentation on the part of mortgage and financial product providers? If the CFPB were kept in place, would it operate with less independence or autonomy in the future? What impact would that have on the lending landscape in the future, and would borrowers still feel secure taking out a mortgage?
Regardless of who becomes President in 2016, or what the composition of Congress may be, hard choices will continue to need to be made about a whole range of issues, such as how much funding should be allocated to subsidize mortgages or support affordable housing. The outcome of the election could well impact the price of a mortgage, as it is clear that historically low interest rates cannot stay that way forever. When the wheels do come off the cart, rates could rise swiftly.
The best advice in the near and medium-term for existing and prospective homeowners is not to expect too much from the politicians in Congress, the state house, or city hall. The ongoing economic recovery does not provide them with much leverage in terms of allocation of funds, nor does it appear they have much incentive to rattle their own cage. Today, and for the foreseeable future, the term 'buyer beware' has new resonance that will remain a challenge for us all.
*Daniel Wagner is a realtor with Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices in Norwalk, Connecticut.
Follow Daniel Wagner on Twitter: www.twitter.com/countryriskmgmt
More:

Pimco to stem outflows after Gross exitPimco looks to stem outflows after shock exit of Bill Gross
By Tom Braithwaite, Tracy Alloway and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72457c30-46b5-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

3 investment lessons from Derek Jeter3 lessons investors can learn from Derek Jeter
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 28, 2014: 8:23 AM ET
 
Derek Jeter: Decade of best ads
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's not just little leaguers who can learn a thing or two from Derek Jeter.
As the curtain goes down on the illustrious 20-year career of the New York Yankees shortstop, here are three lessons investors should remember as they navigate the turbulent stock market.
1. Don't swing for the fences: Chicks dig the long ball, but Jeter's career shows there's more to baseball -- and investing -- than just hitting home runs.
The Yankee great is a sure bet to make the Hall of Fame despite the fact that he averaged just 13 home runs a year. In fact, Jeter had just one grand slam in his career.
But Jeter made a pretty solid living by hitting singles and doubles on a very consistent basis.
While it's tough to be as consistent as Jeter, investors should try to mirror his career by avoiding the temptation of trying to find a grand slam stock.
Related: Hot ticket sales for Jeter's last NY game
Speculative stock picking can turn into a big win every now and then, but it can also really backfire.
For example, in late 2011 some courageous investors bought shares of RadioShack ( RSH ) as it tumbled below $10, a rare event in its history.
Unfortunately for those investors, RadioShack kept crumbling. Today it's barely trading above $1, as the company fights off persistent bankruptcy talk.
Investors who played it safe by betting on the retail industry more broadly fared far better. The S&P Retail ETF ( XRT ) -- which has never had to deal with a bankruptcy rumor -- has surged 63% since late 2011. Not bad for playing it safe.
 
Related: Zero Hedge - Wall Street's daily dose of doom
2. Don't panic in the fall: Late September and October can be a stressful time for baseball players and investors alike.
MLB players are dealing with the bright lights of the playoffs, where a single pitch can make or break 162 regular season games. Investors too are grappling with a historically turbulent period that has in the past featured the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the Black Monday crash of 1987.
Jeter thrived under the pressure of the fall, winning five World Series championships and the nickname of "Mr. November" for his stellar performance in the 9/11-extended 2001 postseason.
He succeeded in part by not panicking. That's something investors should remember during times of turbulence -- in the fall or otherwise.
Staying calm would be wise during the current market turbulence, which caused the Dow to plummet 264 points on Thursday amid a selloff led by the tech sector.
More turbulence could be ahead this week as investors get their hands on a wave of economic data, highlighted by key manufacturing numbers and the September jobs report.
Stocks could be headed for a pullback or even their first correction since October 2011 , but the S&P 500 is barely 2% away from all-time highs. That's hardly a panic-worthy drop.
Related: There's a 'death cross' in the stock market. Should you worry?
3. Strike a balance: One of the things that made Jeter a great hitter is the fact that defenses and pitchers couldn't rely on one tactic to consistently get him out.
If they pitched him inside, he was strong enough to pull the ball down the line. If they tried to get him out away, he'd drive the ball to the opposite field. That's a much more balanced approach than many sluggers who have predictable swings, no matter how strong.
Investors should try to take a similarly balanced and diversified strategy.
Just because technology stocks like GoPro ( GPRO ), Tesla ( TSLA ) and Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) might get all the hype, doesn't mean they should make up your entire portfolio.
Likewise, investors need to balance out their U.S. stock market holdings with shares of funds that track overseas markets. They also need to have exposure to less the sexy, but more consistent performing, corporate and government bonds.
First Published: September 28, 2014: 8:23 AM ET
Most Popular

Coal India to be run by professional CEO from pvt sectorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rising shale output disrupts US gas pricesRising shale output disrupts US gas prices
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37618508-4793-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Like Fed  India won t budge on rates until next yearSep 29, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Like Fed, India won't budge on rates until next year
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is widely expected to keep its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent when it meets on September 30, according to a Reuters poll.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Like Fed, India won't budge on rates until next year
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is widely expected to keep its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent when it meets on September 30, according to a Reuters poll.
Post your opinion here
 
Falling crude oil prices and better rainfall in recent weeks may have tempered inflation risks in India, but don`t expect the country`s central bank to ease monetary policy anytime soon, say economists.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is widely expected to keep its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent when it meets on September 30, according to a Reuters poll.
"We expect rates to be kept unchanged and for RBI to maintain a cautious outlook on inflation despite an expected undershoot in near-term inflation," said Devika Mehndiratta, senior economist, South Asia and ASEAN at ANZ .
The RBI may find it challenging to bring down the consumer price index (CPI) to 6 percent by January 2016, said Mehndiratta, as faster economic growth could revive price pressures.
Asia`s third largest economy grew 5.7 percent on year in the June quarter, its quickest pace in two-and-a-half years. As a result, the central bank is likely to monitor price pressures before committing to easing monetary conditions. ANZ forecasts the first rate cut to be delivered in the second quarter of 2015.
To be sure, while authorities are keeping an eagle eye on prices, data have suggested a mixed inflation picture. India`s wholesale price index (WPI) rose 3.74 percent on-year in August, its slowestpace since October 2009, helpedby the high base effect of last yearand the 15 percent fall in crude oil prices in the past three months.
Meanwhile, consumer price inflation - which the central bank tracks to set policy lending rates - edged down marginally to 7.80 percent, remaining well above the longer-term target.
"The softening WPI inflation points to easing pipeline pressures and are supportive of expectations that CPI should track the gradual disinflationary path here on. (But) unless CPI tapers off towards the target at 6 percent, rate cuts are not in the picture," said Radhika Rao, economist at DBS.
The RBI`s last major policy move was a 25 basis-point rate hike in January to put a stop to rapid price rises. It has raised rates three times in the past 12 months.
Siddhartha Sanyal, economist at Barclays, also expects the RBI to wait until 2015 before lowering rates.
"Recent communication from policy makers suggests that the RBI will likely prefer to keep monetary policy restrictive in the near term to achieve medium-term price stability," he said.
"Accordingly, while we continue to see merit in a more balanced monetary policy stance, we now expect that lower policy interest rate will only materialize in early 2015, rather than our previous expectation of 2014."
Barclaysforecasts a 25 basis point rate cut in both the first and second quarter of next year.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Airbus executive to go on trial in ParisAirbus chief salesman goes on trial in insider trading case
By Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f9b52234-4268-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft  Kuddle to launch a child-friendly tablet on December 1; to be priced under $1006
0
Oslo: Kuddle, a Norwegian picture sharing app designed for children, plans to launch a child safe tablet with Microsoft on December 1, and expects to sign funding deals with several venture capital firms within weeks, its chief executive said on Monday.
The Oslo-based company said it was on track to reach its goal of one million users by year-end and plans to soon raise another $5 million of fresh funds on top of the nearly $6 million it has already raised.
"We are working with Microsoft on several child safe devices which will be sold on our online store," Chief Executive Ole Vidar Hestaas said. "The first device will be an iPad Mini-sized tablet priced under $100 that will be ready ahead of the Kuddle Store launch."
Kuddle is working with Microsoft on several child-safe devices and the first device will be an iPad-sized low-cost tablet.
#kuddle #microsoft #tablet for kids
"This is a child friendly device and it is not possible to download games like GTA (Grand Theft Auto) or apps like Snapchat," Hestaas said.
Kuddle, which bills itself as a rival to Instagram, lets parents monitor what their children publish and keeps access to content restricted, preventing strangers from seeing and sharing pictures. There are no hashtags or comments to prevent online bullying and "likes" are anonymous.
Hestaas said the company also is in talks with Samsung and Microsoft's Nokia phones unit on similar cooperation, and that it was also working on deals with European telecoms operators Telenor and Vodafone for child safe Kuddle SIM cards to be sold separately or linked up to one of its devices.
The app, which has a target of 1 million users by the end of 2014, is now available in 7 languages. The most significant growth has recently come from Brazil and the US.
Hestaas said he expects to conclude funding deals with several major international venture capital funds within weeks.
The firm's present investors include Norwegian golf ace Suzann Pettersen.
1

India wants change: Modi to US CEOs | In pics | CoverageCitigroup
(PM is believed to have pitched…)
NEW YORK: Making a strong pitch to attract investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today assured top American corporate honchos of tax stability and friendlier business environment in the country.
Modi, who is on his maiden visit to the United States as Prime Minister, held meetings with a galaxy of American corporate executives, including those from Boeing, PepsiCo , Google , KKR and General Electric.
Bullish on the potential of the Indian market, the corporates have expressed keenness to strengthen their engagements with India especially at a time when the new government is rolling out various initiatives such as 'Make in India' campaign.
"It is my conviction that tax stability is essential for confidence building," Modi told American CEOs.
His assertion comes at a time when some multinationals are caught in legal wrangles over tax matters in the country.
Wooing the corporates, Modi said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past". The observation comes amid concerns that the ruling could negatively impact investor sentiments and overall business climate.
During his meetings with captains of corporate America, the Prime Minister also pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs and enhance the quality of life.
Reflecting the bullishness about India, US conglomerate General Electric's CEO Jeff Immelt described the country as a great place to invest in and said it is looking to make more investments there.
After meeting Modi, he said, "GE is a long term investor in India. We look forward to more in the future".
Describing Modi as a "charismatic leader", Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein said the financial services major was eager to participate in India's growth story.
American corporates, including technology major IBM, have expressed interest to participate in diverse initiatives of the Indian government including those pertaining to smart cities.
Defence major Boeing's CEO James McNerney said that the company wants to accelerate its engagement with India.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, technology major IBM's CEO Virginia Rometty evinced interest to participate in the government's new initiatives related to smart cities and digital India.
Reflecting optimism over opportunities in the country, world's largest asset manager Blackrock's CEO Laurence Flik conveyed to Modi that it would host a global investors meet in India next year.
After meeting Modi, India-origin Indra Nooyi , who is PepsiCo's chief, said, "he answers questions brilliantly and is very focused on improving India. So, we are thrilled to be working with him".
Another India-origin CEO Ajay Banga, who is at the helm of Mastercard, said the Prime Minister was a good listener and that he believed that Modi can execute plans like the way he did in Gujarat.
Among others, the Prime Minister held meetings with private equity giant KKR's CEO Henry Kravis.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With a bullet: PIMCO  China  a beer pipelineWith a bullet: PIMCO, China and a beer pipeline in Bruges
By: John Waggoner September 29, 2014 8:49 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
About $10 billion left the doors of PIMCO following founder and star manager Bill Gross’  departure, says the Wall Street Journal. PIMCO manages about $2 trillion.
“ Do we have to fire PIMCO ?” will lead off almost every investment committee meeting on Earth today. (And with a bond index fund, those discussions would never have to be held.)
Business economists think interest rates will be lower in 2015 than the Federal Reserve sees . A poll of 46 economists by the National Association for Business economists puts the fed funds rate at 0.85% at the end of next year.
Lloyd’s bank fired eight people over charges of rigging the London Interbank Offer Rate , or LIBOR, and revoked $4.87 million in bonuses. The bank paid $380 million to the U.S. and British authorities over the scandal.
Protests in Hong Kong give the Chinese government its biggest challenge since Tiananmen Square, rattling Asian markets this morning.
(AP Photo/DreamWorks Animation)
DreamWorks Animation could be sold to Japan’s SoftBank group , says The Guardian.
Six years after the government bailed out American International Group , a federal judge will decide whether the bailout was legal . AIG’s former CEO, Hank Greenberg, is expected to argue that the government punished AIG too harshly for preventing the company from going bankrupt.
Congress agrees on one thing, and it is good: No cellphone calls on airplanes.
Platinum fell to $1,302 an ounce, the lowest since October 2009 , on worries about slowing global growth.

Apple s new reality in China: Xiaomi & Meizu offer tough competition to iPhone 6But the grey market for the new iPhones has already dried up, even though they will not officially go on sale in China for a few weeks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Paul Mozur and Shanshan Wang
HONG KONG: When Apple's latest iPhones went on sale this month in Hong Kong, Singapore and New York , among the hip urbanites and tech-obsessed was another group clamoring for the devices: Chinese scalpers looking to make a premium by flipping the phones to smugglers.
But the grey market for the new iPhones has already dried up, even though they will not officially go on sale in China for a few weeks, at the earliest.
Wholesalers who helped orchestrate the smuggling of tens of thousands of the phones into the country are now slashing prices to move inventory. At an electronics market in central Beijing, one retailer was recently selling the low-end iPhone 6 and 6 Plus for 6,500 renminbi to 8,800 renminbi ($1,060 to $1,436), down from 12,000 renminbi to 15,000 renminbi ($1,960 to $2,450) just after the release.
"Stocks of the iPhone 6 are way too high right now," said one wholesaler of smuggled iPhones in Beijing's northwestern tech hub Zhongguancun.
The smugglers' experience represents the new reality for Apple in China.
Four years ago, the iPhone 4 was a status symbol, with the black market booming before the product was officially introduced. Today, the iPhone is simply one option among many, as local companies like Xiaomi and Meizu Technology rival Apple in terms of coolness while charging less than half the price.

Treasury yields dip on Wall St slipHong Kong protests keep stocks in check
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84f3b08a-4783-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s new leader has message for U.S.India's new prime minister to corporate America: Come to India
By Pallavi Gogoi   @CNNMoney September 28, 2014: 9:28 PM ET
 
Modi in U.S. to promote 'Make in India'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Over 130 heads of countries visited New York this past week for the big United Nations meeting.
But none of the others got a rock star welcome from their communities like India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He packed Madison Square Garden for a sellout performance to 18,000 members of the Indian diaspora on Sunday.
"Join me in changing India's destiny," Modi told the uproarious crowd.
Modi's real mission begins Monday: Sell India hard to corporate America.
He starts the day with a breakfast meeting of top corporate leaders, including Google's ( GOOG ) Eric Schmidt, Citigroup's ( C ) Michael Corbat, Merck's ( MRK ) Kenneth Frazier, Caterpillar's ( CAT ) Doug Oberhelman, MasterCard's ( MA ) Ajay Banga and Pepsico's ( PEP ) Indra Nooyi.
Later in the day, another group is meeting him for one-on-one appointments. They include Goldman Sachs' ( GS ) Lloyd Blankfein, Boeing's ( BA ) James McNerney, IBM's ( IBM , Tech30 ) Ginni Rometty and General Electric's ( GE ) Jeff Immelt.
Then he flies to Washington to meet U.S. President Barack Obama.
After coming to power with a rousing mandate in May, Modi started his term by promising to fix India's government bureaucracy and roll out the red carpet to global businesses.
Just this past week, he launched something called the "Make in India" campaign, where he invited companies from all over the world to make their products in India. His mission: make India a manufacturing hub.
Investors have already shown excitement at the prospect of India's economic growth.
The benchmark Mumbai Sensex index has increased by 26% this year.
India's economy expanded at a 5.7% annual rate in the second three months of 2014, busting a long streak of unimpressive numbers.
It was the strongest quarterly growth in over two years and it also marked Modi's first 100 days in office.
First Published: September 28, 2014: 5:23 PM ET
Most Popular

Smart money  lose $925M on 5 hated stocksEMAIL
Getty
Short-sellers — investors that make money when stocks they hate fall — are supposed to outsmart the rest of us. But a handful of stocks are making these investors look pretty dumb this year.
There are five stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including telecom Frontier Communications (FTR) , energy play First Solar (FSLR) and health care firm Quest Diagnostics (DGX) that are up 10% or more this year despite being the consistently most hated stocks by short-sellers, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ and Bespoke Investment Group.
These five stocks were among the most-shorted stocks at the start of 2014 — and remain among the most shorted as of Sept. 15, says Bespoke Investment Group. In other words, these are stocks that short-sellers have hated all yea r — and are paying the price as a result. All told, the shorts have lost an estimated $925 million on just these five stocks — based on the number of shares that where being bet against at the beginning of the year.
Frontier Communication is the shorts’ hated stock that continues to cost them a bundle. The stock, a provider of telecom services mostly in rural areas, had short interest that was nearly 20% of its tradeable shares (or float) at the start of the year. And 15% of shares are still being shorted.
Even so, the stock has rocketed 37% this year — handing over an estimated $332 million loss to the shorts. Shares closed Friday at $6.35 apiece, up from $4.65 at the start of the year.The stock is rallying despite the fact the company missed earnings estimates in the second quarter by 17% and profit is seen falling 17% this year.
Chart source: MSN Money
Next up in the hated stocks giving the haters heartbreaks is alternative energy leader First Solar. Going into the year, nearly 14% of the floated shares were being shorted. And at the last count, 12% of shares are shorted.
But the stock has rallied in the doubters’ faces by 24% this year, creating an estimated $135 million loss based on the number of shares bet against at the beginning of the year. Shares closed Friday at $67.97, up from $54.64 at the beginning of the year. This stock is also a case of stock holding up despite fundamentals that don’t look great. The company missed second quarter earnings forecasts by 88% and earnings this year are seen falling 40%.
Chart source: MSN Money
Below are the S&P 500 stocks that were among the most shorted at the start of the year — and are still among the most shorted — that have rallied 10% or more this year:
Company

Nestle Selling 2 German Baby Food BrandsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Tearful Panneerselvam takes oath as CM  rushes to meet JayalalithaaComments
A tearful AIADMK leader O Panneerselvam was sworn in as Tamil Nadu chief minister on Monday as some of his ministerial colleagues broke down in an emotional ceremony two days after party chief J Jayalalithaa was jailed in a corruption case.
 
The new chief minister pulled out a handkerchief to wipe his tears as he took the oath with a picture of Jayalalithaa in his hand at Raj Bhavan in Chennai where emotions have been running high since the AIADMK chief was sentenced to four years in prison in a disproportionate assets case.
 
The 66-year-old Jayalalithaa, who has a cult following in Tamil Nadu, approached the Karnataka high court on Monday challenging the conviction and the matter is expected to come up before a vacation bench on Tuesday.
 
Most of the 30 MLAs who followed Panneerselvam were sobbing and their voices were low as they were sworn into the new council of ministers.
O Panneerselvam weeps at the swearing-in ceremony. (Agency photo)
Before they came for the swearing-in, many of them participated in AIADMK protests against Jayalalithaa’s conviction. Angry Jayalalithaa supporters held protests in Chennai and Bangalore over the weekend with hundreds of party workers damaging vehicles and wailing women throwing themselves on the ground.
Jaya moves HC against conviction, Panneerselvam sworn in
The 63-year-old Panneerselvam was rewarded for his loyalty and devotion to Jayalalithaa for the second time: the former film-star-turned-politician handed over responsibility to him in 2001 following her conviction in a land deals case that was later overturned.
The conviction effectively slams the door on Jayalalithaa’s political career for some years. But analysts say the powerful politician, who is popularly known as Amma, is likely to pull the strings from behind bars with a staunch loyalist occupying the chief minister’s chair. 
 
Unless her conviction is overturned by a higher court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years while she is in jail and six after release.
 
Jayalalithaa and three of her close aides are lodged in Bengaluru’s central jail after being convicted in the corruption case.

Indian-origin Costa is Portugals next PM candidateprint
Lisbon mayor Antonio Costa holds a carnation, a symbol of the 1974 Carnation Revolution, while celebrates his victory in the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) prime ministerial primary at his campaign headquarters in Lisbon. (Reuters)
A new name is likely to be added to the list of Indian-origin people who hold or have held top political positions in various countries: Antonio Costa, of Goa origin, who on Sunday won the primary elections as the prime ministerial candidate of the opposition Socialist Party in Portugal.
 
Costa has been a popular mayor of Lisbon since 2007, and is known as the ‘Gandhi of Lisbon’ due to his spartan lifestyle. He has transformed deprived parts of the capital and enjoys much goodwill due to his ideas and affable eagerness to hear out anyone who stops him on the streets. He is now in his third term as mayor.
 
Costa defeated his oldest rival, Antonio Jose Seguro, in the primaries, and will now succeed the latter as the secretary-general of PS (Partido Socialista), which makes him the party’s prime ministerial candidate.
 
Portugal, which is one of European countries facing severe economic hardships and austerity measures since 2009, is scheduled to hold its next general elections in October 2015. Costa has caught the public imagination with his ideas for economic change and his slogan, ‘Mobilizar Portugal’ (Mobilize Portugal).
 
Born in Lisbon in 1961, Antonio Luis dos Santos da Costa is the son of prominent novelist Orlando da Costa, who wrote essays on Rabindranath Tagore. His father was born in Mozambique, but spent most of his youth in Goa, then under Portuguese rule.
 
Antonio Costa’s grand-father, Luis Afonso Maria da Costa, who was born and brought up in Goa, was a descendant of prominent Hindu families who converted to Christianity during the centuries of Portuguese rule in Goa.
 
Costa became member of the Portuguese parliament in 1991, and held several offices, including secretary of state (1995-1997), minister for parliamentary affairs (1997-1999), and justice minister (1999-2002). He was a member of the European parliament from June 2004 to March 2005.
 
Known to many as ‘Babush’ (the Konkani word for boy), Antonio Costa comes across as an easy-going person, someone who doesn’t take himself seriously, believing in the Portuguese-Goan concept of ‘susegad’.
 
As Lisbon mayor, Costa moved his office to the Mouraria neighbourhood, which was earlier known for drug trafficking and prostitution. Today, it is a busy construction hub. His new position on the national stage has the support of former president Jorge Sampio.
 
Portugal was the first western country to colonise parts of India in the early sixteenth century, and the last to leave, on 19 December 1961.

The growth of partyism and the decline of the antiwar movementBy Ilya Somin September 29
In a recent op ed , Harvard law professor Cass Sunstein points out that “partyism” – prejudice against supporters of the opposing political party – is on the rise in America:
If you are a Democrat, would you marry a Republican? Would you be upset if your sister did?
Researchers have long asked such questions about race, and have found that along important dimensions, racial prejudice is decreasing. At the same time, party prejudice in the U.S. has jumped, infecting not only politics but also decisions about dating, marriage and hiring. By some measures, “partyism” now exceeds racial prejudice — which helps explain the intensity of some midterm election campaigns.
In 1960, 5 percent of Republicans and 4 percent of Democrats said that they would feel “displeased” if their son or daughter married outside their political party. By 2010, those numbers had reached 49 percent and 33 percent. Republicans have been found to like Democrats less than they like people on welfare or gays and lesbians. Democrats dislike Republicans more than they dislike big business.
Increasingly, we assume that supporters of the rival political party are not just misguided about political issues, but also untrustworthy or malevolent people in general. Some of this hostility is due to “rational irrationality,” the tendency of people to make poorly reasoned knee-jerk judgments about political issues . It is closely related to the broader problem of rational political ignorance , which results in an electorate that often ignores the complexities of political issues , and tends to assume that those who disagree with their views must be evil, selfish, or stupid.
The growth of partyism in recent years is likely related to the rising polarization between the two parties , with conservatives increasingly “sorting” into the GOP and liberals into the Democratic Party. In the 1960s and 1970s, the correlation beween partisan affiliation, ideology and social values was much weaker than it is today. There were still many liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats. Today, such exotic beasts are few and far between. As a result, partisan divisions are far more closely correlated with wide divergences in values and ideology. That trend likely exacerbates partisan hostility. Unlike in 1960, if you meet a supporter of the opposing party today, he or she is likely to have widely divergent values from your own.
Whatever the cause, the growth of “partyism” is a dangerous trend. It makes partisans even less willing to be open-minded about ideas opposed to their own than they would be otherwise.
“Partyism” may also reinforce the tendency of political partisans to tolerate behavior from their own party leaders that they would never accept from those of the opposing party. The more you believe that the opposing party and its supporters are malevolent or stupid, the more reluctant you will be to give them ammunition by criticizing the bad behavior of your own party.
That tendency may help explain the decline of the antiwar movement in the age of President Obama, a phenomenon recently analyzed by David Boaz and Dana Milbank of the Washington Post. With the campaign against ISIS, Obama is now waging his second war without congressional authorization . He has reneged on promises to close down the Guantanamo detention facility for suspected terrorists, and used drone warfare far more aggressively than George W. Bush did.
If a Republican president had behaved the same way, antiwar liberals would have been up in arms. In fairness, some prominent liberal legal scholars have denounced Obama’s actions . But most grassroots progressives have either supported the president, engaged in only muted protest of his wars, or kept quiet about the subject altogether. Milbank suggests that many liberals have given Obama a pass because “they view him as a lesser evil than the Republican alternative.” Anti-Obama leftists whom he interviewed also believe that partisan bias is a major factor:
“If George W. Bush were launching wars with Congress out of town, oh, it would be flooded,” longtime liberal activist David Swanson said, looking across mostly empty Pennsylvania Avenue [during a tiny antiwar demonstration,] “They would be screaming.”
Swanson, who voted for Obama in 2008 before switching to the Green Party, said liberals who condemned Bush look the other way when Obama does the same thing because “he’s more eloquent, he’s more intelligent, he’s African American, he bills himself as a constitutional scholar.”
Left-wing Democrats are not the only ones who tolerate behavior from their own party that they condemn when the opposition does it. Many Republicans tolerated or actively supported George W. Bush’s massive expansion of federal spending and regulation , including the creation of the biggest new entitlement program since the 1960s . As their reaction to Obamacare suggests, they would never have tolerated similar behavior by a Democratic president.
Partisan prejudice of this type can sometimes be beneficial. It occasionally allows a president of one party to adopt valuable reforms that the other party would be unable to push through because it would encounter too much resistance. For example, Bill Clinton was able to push through welfare reform and free trade agreements much more easily than a GOP president. His status as a popular Democrat quiesced much of the liberal opposition that these policies would otherwise have encountered.
In general, however, partyism is more likely to be pernicious than useful. By adding another layer of bias to the already severe problem of political ignorance and irrationality , it further reduces the quality of public opinion on political issues.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Modi govt likely to repeal 987 outdated laws  bill coming in winter sessionGovt likely to repeal 987 outdated laws
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 20:53 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(30/9/2014)
By his own admission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is “happiest” showing the door to laws that are of no use.
 
Accordingly, his government has put in motion a plan to repeal as many as 987 obsolete laws.   
 
The law ministry will bring a new bill in the winter session of Parliament to repeal 287 obsolete laws and junk about 700 Appropriation Acts that have lost relevance.
 
An Appropriation Act is passed by Parliament during budget session to allow the government to withdraw money from the exchequer for a financial year. The law has no utility after the next budget when a new Appropriation Act gets passed.
 
But, all Appropriation Acts, including those passed decades ago, are still a part of statute books.
 
“We plan to bring a bill to repeal 287 obsolete laws,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters on Monday. He added they were consulting the finance ministry on the law commission’s recommendation to repeal 700 Appropriation Acts.
 
The ministry is examining the British system of junking Appropriation Acts after some years.
 
Many of the laws listed for repealing are from the British era and have lost relevance.
 
The government has made its plan known a day after Modi told Indian-Americans at Madison Square Garden, “Earlier Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
Here are some laws that govt wants out:
 
Forfeited Deposits Act, Act 25 of 1850
Category: Land Laws
 
This Act was enacted for the forfeiture to the Government of deposits made on incomplete sales of land made under Regulation VIII, 1819 of the Bengal Code (the Bengal Patni Taluks Regulation, 1819).
 
Since tenure-holders or patnidars were taking fraudulent advantage of this Regulation, this Act was introduced to counter the situation. The Regulation allowed forfeited deposits at land sales to be applied as purchase-money.
 
The Act instead provided that forfeited deposits were to be used towards the cost of sales, and the rest to be forfeited to Government. This Act is of no relevance after 1947.
 
Foreign Recruiting Act, Act 4 of 1874
Category: International Relations
 
This Act empowered the Government to issue an order that prevented the recruitment of Indians by a foreign State.
 
The Act confers a wide discretion on the Government to specify the conditions under
which persons may be barred from being recruited by a foreign State. According to the Law Commission, in its 43rd Report on Offences against National Security (1971), such wide discretion might potentially violate the constitutional guarantee to freedom of occupation under Article 19.
 
The 2nd Administrative Reforms Commission Report of 2006 has also observed that this Act is outdated. This Act has been recommended for repeal by the PC Jain Commission in its Appendix A-1.
 
Elephants’ Preservation Act, Act 6 of 1879
Category: Environmental Law
 
The Act makes it an offence to kill, injure or capture wild elephants except in cases of self-defence, or in accordance with a licence granted under the Act.
 
However, the Act imposes only an insignificant fine of Rs. 500 for its contravention, while a subsequent conviction attracts imprisonment for 6 months along with the fine.
 
The purpose of the Act is now subsumed by the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 which has similar provisions on the prohibition of killing wild animals and on 26 procedures for licensing.
 
Elephants are included within the ambit of the 1972 Act, which also has more stringent penalties. Therefore the 1879 Act is redundant.
 

Modi orders officials to clean loos on Gandhi s birthdaySep 29, 2014, 09.00 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Modi orders officials to clean loos on Gandhi's birthday
Modi plans to honour the independence hero by launching on Thursday the Clean India campaign, which aims to solve the country's sanitation and rubbish problems within five years to mark the 150th anniversary of Gandhi's Oct 2 birthday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi orders officials to clean loos on Gandhi's birthday
Modi plans to honour the independence hero by launching on Thursday the Clean India campaign, which aims to solve the country's sanitation and rubbish problems within five years to mark the 150th anniversary of Gandhi's Oct 2 birthday.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered government officers to work on Mahatma Gandhi's birthday, a national holiday, to clean ministries - including toilets - in a nationwide cleanliness drive.
Modi plans to honour the independence hero by launching on Thursday the Clean India campaign, which aims to solve the country's sanitation and rubbish problems within five years to mark the 150th anniversary of Gandhi's October 2 birthday.
Many cities, including New Delhi and Mumbai, are overflowing with garbage, a result of rapid economic growth, overcrowding and poor urban planning, as well as civic behaviour that rarely condemns littering.
India’s shortage of toilets costs the country more than $50 billion a year, mostly through premature deaths and hygiene-related diseases, according a study by the World Bank. India suffers a greater cost than other Asian countries from the inadequate collection of human excreta, the study found.Several officials in government departments told Reuters they had been called into work on Thursday to help clean up.
"We are all buying brooms, we are going to clean up the bathrooms here," one defense ministry official said. "This is our work now."
The order to sweep and clean latrines echoes Gandhi's own insistence that his disciples carry out tasks that in India are traditionally associated with people from lower castes.
During India's campaign for freedom from colonial British rule, Gandhi spoke about the need to improve cleanliness, saying "sanitation was more important than independence."
Since taking office, Modi has repeatedly invoked Gandhi and lamented the poor state of sanitation and public cleanliness in India. He has also vowed to clean the heavily polluted Ganges river in time for Gandhi's 150th anniversary.
The drive to clean up notoriously shabby and spit-stained government offices began weeks ago and has had a noticeable impact with broken office equipment, dangling wires and tonnes of dusty files thrown away since Modi took office in May.
The latest push was met with resistance from officials who are under pressure to work longer hours and whose attendance is now closely monitored. Some complained they have been forced to cancel plans to see family on a public holiday.
"Most of the officials are enthused by the new government’s focus on growth and improving work culture, but there should be a limit to the publicity stunts," an official at one ministry said. "We have been working for nearly 10 hours a day and we are now even asked to come on a national holiday."
Modi is the first Indian prime minister to make cleanliness and fixing the country's chronic toilet shortage one of his top priorities, with a target to make the nation's major cities free of rubbish by 2019.
He says a cleaner India will help promote economic growth, reduce healthcare costs and provide employment.In a speech last week, Modi asked every Indian to devote about 100 hours a year, or two hours a week, to cleaning public places of litter. Five years ago, India's then environment minister, Jairam Ramesh, shocked many Indians when he said its cities were the world's dirtiest and that “if there is a Nobel Prize for dirt and filth, India will win it, no doubt.”
RELATED NEWS

Delhi: South Ex-II project won t inconvenience residents  Jung to HC3
1
New Delhi: The decision for commercialisation and redevelopment of South Extension-II and East Kidwai Nagar areas was taken after considering views of all stakeholders, including people living nearby, the Delhi High Court was today informed on behalf of the Lt Governor.
The submission was made before Justice Vibhu Bakhru in pursuance to the court's request to the L-G to re-visit the project and analyse its impact on existing infrastructure as well as lives of residents in the neighbourhood with regard to noise, air pollution as well as traffic congestion.
The government has submitted that all requisite measures are being incorporated in the project so that the residents of the area do not face any kind of inconvenience.
The government has submitted that all requisite measures are being incorporated in the project so that the residents of the area do not face any kind of inconvenience.
#delhi #delhi government #najeeb jung #south ex
The court, meanwhile, listed the matter for pleadings before the court of Joint Registrar on October 30 with the direction to complete it by November 30. It also issued notice to the ministries of Urban Development and Environment and Forests, Delhi government, Delhi Development Authority, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, Fire Department, Delhi Police, Traffic Police and others and sought their replies on senior advocate Aman Lekhi and others application to halt the project.
The affidavit, submitted by Delhi government standing counsel Zubeda Begum, states that pursuant to the court's order of July 3, the LG had convened a meeting of all the officials concerned of the various authorities.
After the meeting, "the LG was of the opinion that most of the concerns raised by the petitioners were already foreseen by the planners of the project. After due deliberations with all regulatory and professional agencies, all requisite measures are being incorporated in the project, so that the residents of the area are not put into any kind of inconvenience in any manner," the affidavit has said.
It also states that "the petitioners' concern regarding relocation of metro station at South Ext-II was not found feasible and the present location is the most suitable place".
1

Implementation of act for manual scavengers poorSep 29, 2014 at 08:42pm IST
'Implementation of act for manual scavengers poor'
5
0
New Delhi: National Commission for Safai Karamcharis Chairman M Shivanna on Monday expressed concern over the "tardy" progress in implementing the Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and their Rehabilitation Act, 2013.
Chairing a meeting on Monday to review and monitor the implementation of the act in various states and Union Territories, he said that the surveys reportedly conducted by the states to identify manual scavengers and the insanitary latrines are not done in a proper manner and questions are being raised about their credibility and accuracy of the figures, a statement released said.
Citing his visits to various states, he said the progress of the implementation of the Act is "extremely poor". He reiterated that the time-bound action prescribed in the Act needs to be completed in letter and spirit.
The Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and their Rehabilitation Act, 2013 which came into force in December, 2013, addresses the twin problems of insanitary latrines and manual scavengers in a very comprehensive manner.
#manual scavengers poor #manual scavenging #m shivanna #national commission for safai karamcharis
The Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and their Rehabilitation Act, 2013 which came into force in December, 2013, addresses the twin problems of insanitary latrines and manual scavengers in a very comprehensive manner.
It provides for elaborate mechanisms at the local, state and central level to ensure that the insanitary latrines, which are the root cause of manual scavenging, are eliminated and the manual scavengers are rehabilitated in alternative occupations on a sustainable basis, it said.
1

Delhi: CBI arrests person with fake currency5
1
New Delhi: CBI has arrested another fake currency racketeer for allegedly possessing fake currency notes having face value of Rs 4.98 lakh.
"CBI intercepted one person at Malda Railway Station (West Bengal) and recovered FICNs having face value of Rs 4.98 lakh (approximately) from his possession," a CBI spokesperson said on Monday.
She said that the fake currency was in the denomination of Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes. "It is alleged that the intercepted person was coming from Muzaffarpur for delivery of seized FICNs to some unknown person at Malda," she said.
"CBI intercepted one person at Malda Railway Station (West Bengal) and recovered FICNs having face value of Rs 4.98 lakh (approximately) from his possession," a CBI spokesperson said on Monday.
About five days ago, CBI had arrested another person from Malda with fake currency worth Rs 5 lakh approximately.
2

May an employer threaten to fire employees for running for political officeBy Eugene Volokh September 29 Follow @volokhc
The Orlando Sentinel reports that Marriott Vacations Worldwide fired an employee, Viviana Janer, because she refused to give up her campaign for County Commissioner (essentially the equivalent of a city council or a board of supervisors for Florida counties). The company offers this explanation :
But the company justified the firing, saying that Janer’s candidacy opened the company up to possible conflicts of interest, and that Janer hadn’t notified her employer of her intention to run.
Marriott Vacations Worldwide spokesman Ed Kinney said the company currently does not have any properties in Osceola, but competitors do, posing potential conflicts.
Janer had also not told the company up front that she was running for office, and the company learned of this only from news accounts; this might have exacerbated their concerns. But is such a firing legal?
1. There’s no constitutional barrier (e.g., under the First Amendment) to a private employer’s barring employees from running for office, or firing them if they do. The First Amendment constrains only government action, not private action.
2. There’s also no general common-law rule barring such private employer action. The general American rule is “employment at will,” which means that either the employer or employee can terminate the work relationship for good reason, bad reason, or no reason at all, unless there’s a statutory prohibition (e.g., an antidiscrimination statute) or a contractual promise of continued employment. Some courts have recognized some exception for this under the rubric of “wrongful termination in violation of public policy,” for instance if an employee is fired for refusing to do something illegal. But the one case that has considered a similar theory limiting firing of employees who run for office ( Shovelin v. Central N.M. Elec. Co-op. (N.M. 1993) ) has rejected the theory; and the general trend among lower courts is indeed to reject such theories.
Indeed, there are quite plausible reasons for employers to restrict their employees from running for office. First, rightly or wrongly, what an employee does in a public context — even off the job — ends up affecting public reaction to the employer. An employee who is running for office will often make enemies, such as the employee’s opponent (who may be elected and hold a grudge while in office), other political figures, or voters who dislike what the employee says on controversial issues. (The issues could be divisive social issues such as whether to enact a county-wide ban on sexual orientation discrimination, how to treat zoning disputes involving local abortion clinics, or whether to institute race-based affirmative action in county hiring. Or they could be equally divisive local issues, such as questions about controversial developments, local property taxes, and so on.)
In some situations, those enemies might take it out on the employer; we’ve certainly seen plenty of incidents when controversial off-the-job statements by an employee have led to a backlash against the employer. And this would be even more so if the employee is elected, and doesn’t just say things, but casts controversial votes in commission proceedings. If an employer is indeed barred by law from retaliating against employees for their candidacy, for the political statements they make during their candidacy or tenure in office, or for the votes they cast while in office, that might diminish the public backlash, since the employer can tell the public that it can’t control its employees’ actions in these contexts. But some people won’t get the message, and even some that do might still be soured on the employer as a result of the employee’s actions.
Second, if the employee is elected, the employee’s official actions can lead to other backlash against the employer. If, for instance, the employee votes for something that is good for the employer (or bad for the employer’s competitors), there might be accusations that the employee was bribed to do this by implicit employer offers of promotion or other favorable on-the-job treatment; or there might be accusations that the employee was forced to do this by implicit employer threats of firing or other retaliation. And accusations that an employer is trying to influence specific votes would be even more damaging — perhaps to the point of a criminal investigation — than accusations that an employer is just trying to bar an employee from running for office altogether. The government office’s recusal rules might diminish this problem, but they won’t eliminate it.
Third, if the employee is elected, this could make it harder for the employer to discipline the employee, for instance if a manager would be affected in his private life by some issue pending before the commission (e.g., some zoning or development question) and is worried about irritating the now-politically-powerful subordinate. And of course even a part-time post as a commissioner can sometimes keep the employee from being available during normal working hours.
Naturally, many employers might nonetheless find that having an employee in political office is nonetheless good for their business, or neutral. And one can argue that there are public benefits to increasing the pool of prospective officeholders, notwithstanding the burden that the officeholding might impose on their employers. But it does seem to me that many employers might reasonably conclude that having employees run for office poses too much risk of harming the company, and causing the employee to be a net liability for the company rather than a net asset. And that’s one reason (together with the general presumption of employment at will) in favor of courts’ not creating a common-law rule barring employers from dismissing employees who run for office.
3. But all that having been said, 17 states have indeed concluded — by statute — that employers indeed may not bar employees from running for office (or fire them for doing so). Many of the statutes expressly mention running for office; others speak more broadly of “political activity,” which would including running for office. The states that have such laws (or other laws that have this effect), as best I can tell, are California, Colorado, Connecticut, Hawaii, Indiana, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, West Virginia, and Wyoming. To give some examples,
California Labor Code § 1101: No employer shall make, adopt, or enforce any rule, regulation, or policy … [f]orbidding or preventing employees from engaging or participating in politics or from becoming candidates for public office….
California Labor Code § 1102: No employer shall coerce or influence or attempt to coerce or influence his employees through or by means of threat of discharge
or loss of employment to adopt or follow or refrain from adopting or following any particular course or line of political action or political activity.
Louisiana Revised Statutes § 23:961: Louisiana: Except as otherwise provided in R.S. 23:962, no employer having regularly in his employ twenty or more
employees shall … make, adopt, or enforce any rule, regulation, or policy forbidding or preventing any of his employees from engaging or participating in politics, or from becoming a candidate for public office … [or] adopt or enforce any rule, regulation, or policy which will control, direct, or tend to control or direct the political activities … of his employees ….
New York Labor Law § 201-d: [No employer may discriminate against an employee or prospective employee because of] an individual’s [legal] political activities [including running for public office] outside of working hours, off of the employer’s premises and without use of the employer’s equipment or other property [except when the employee is a professional journalist, or a government employee who is partly funded with federal money and thus covered by federal statutory
bans on politicking by government employees] …. [This section shall not be deemed to protect activity which] creates a material conflict of interest related to the
employer’s trade secrets, proprietary information or other proprietary or business interest.
For a (rare) example in which one of these statutes comes up, see Davis v. Louisiana Computing Corp. (La. Ct. App. 1981) :
A corporate employer and its president and secretary-treasurer appeal from a judgment awarding $24,000 to a former employee as damages from being fired because he became a candidate for political office….
The corporation derived a substantial part (about 60%) of its business from Jefferson Parish and its school board and other governmental agencies. A substantial part of this business was negotiated rather than publicly bid. The corporation and its officers understandably did not wish to alienate the public officials with whom they dealt. When plaintiff became a candidate for Kenner city council, opposing a candidate supported by some Jefferson Parish officials, corporate secretary-treasurer Westerlund told plaintiff that the corporation would benefit if plaintiff withdrew his candidacy, and corporate president Harding thereafter fired plaintiff, who did not withdraw….
We note the “business” justification for firing plaintiff in this case is a real one: plaintiff’s candidacy would antagonize persons who could withdraw business from plaintiff’s employer. In that sense, plaintiff by his candidacy made himself a detriment to his employer and was “disloyal” to his employer. But the policy of the statute is unmistakable: the employer may not control political candidacy of his employees. We see no exemption from the legislative purpose because of the nature of the employer’s business.
Defendants argue that in any case firing an employee for being a political candidate is not proscribed by R.S. 23:961: that the statute only proscribes “any rule, regulation or policy” tending to control an employee’s political activity, or “threats” of firing. The record, however, supports the view that defendants did develop a proscribed policy as a result of plaintiff’s candidacy, and that plaintiff was threatened. Moreover, the actual firing of one employee for political activity constitutes for the remaining employees both a policy and a threat of similar firings.
So while the majority rule is that there is no legal bar on employers restricting their employees’ political candidacy, a substantial minority do impose such a bar. (Compare this BusinessWeek story , which I think seems to understate the degree to which there is such a substantial minority rule.)
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Time to shake up housing financeLast updated: September 29, 2014 5:07 pm
Time to shake up housing finance
By Charles Goodhart
Focus of structural reform should extend beyond banking
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5220f6f0-399f-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty ends 10 points lower after an interesting sessionLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends 10 points lower after an interesting session
Every time Nifty went down by close to around 20 points there was some buying while at the high point that is when we were higher by around 20-25 points selling pressure did come in.
Post your opinion here
 
An interesting trading session is what we saw today. Every time Nifty went down by close to around 20 points there was some buying while at the high point that is when we were higher by around 20-25 points selling pressure did come in. Nonetheless the Nifty ended with a cut of around 10 points odd and today in fact the volumes were on the lower side given that we have a truncated weekend that was on expected lines.
RELATED NEWS

Londoners accidentally pay for free Wi-Fi with their firstborn childBy Rachel Feltman September 29 Follow @rachelfeltman
Whoops. (Damian Dovarganes/AP)
A good Wi-Fi network is hard to find, but six Londoners were willing to pay the ultimate price -- based on the Terms and Conditions they agreed to, anyway.
In an experiment sponsored by security firm F-Secure, an open Wi-Fi network was set up in a busy public area. When people connected, they were presented with lengthy terms and conditions.
But to see just how little attention we pay when checking that agreement box, F-Secure included a "Herod clause" -- one that offered up free Wi-Fi in exchange for the company's permanent ownership of the user's firstborn child.
The experiment was intended to highlight the dangers of connecting to unknown Wi-Fi networks, the Guardian reports. While only six people clicked through the Herod clause, another 33 devices connected once the researchers removed all Terms and Conditions. Meanwhile, users left their personal data -- including passwords -- completely vulnerable to the network.
A company would probably have trouble getting you to hand over your pride and joy (even if you were technically contractually obligated), so don't panic. But this hapless agreement to terms is pretty common: A 2011 survey  found that 58 percent of adults would rather read an instruction manual or credit card bill than go through online terms and conditions. Even the phone book was a more palatable read for 12 percent of those surveyed.
And we know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that people basically never read the things they agree to online -- because if we did, we'd spend about 76 days a year doing it. In fact, this new study isn't the first of its kind: On April Fool's Day in 2010, a host of U.K. shoppers were tricked into signing away their immortal souls .
But hey, wait, what if you always read the terms and conditions? Consider this: In a 2008 study, the Nielsen Norman Group consulting firm concluded that Internet users probably only actually read about 20 percent of the words they "read." We've convinced ourselves that we're master speed readers, but we're actually just skimming.
People read text online differently than print, studies have found , with eyes flitting about from word to word instead of traveling linearly. That's okay -- the brain isn't naturally suited to one way of reading or the other, so we can probably force ourselves to stay good at both if we try. But when presented with a solid wall of text in the form of a contract that also happens to be on a screen, People use their skimming skills instead of the line-by-line reading that might protect them from legal snares.
But there's a difference between a solid skim and not reading something at all, and surely it takes a special level of inattention to accidentally sacrifice your child or soul. Scientists can't be sure yet whether our shrinking attention spans are the result of our tech-heavy life -- or if the distractions are just giving us an outlet for our naturally flitting focus. But either way, maybe we should start demanding distraction-proof bullet points at the top of all of our contractual agreements.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Whole Foods  High-Priced Reputation May Finally Be Catching Up With Itreddit
For years, Whole Foods has shrugged off criticism that it should be renamed "Whole Paycheck" because it is so expensive. But its high-priced reputation might finally be starting to hurt it.
The grocery chain's competitors are luring shoppers away with lower prices, threatening to unlock its long stranglehold on the market for organic food, according to a new note by analysts at Wolfe Research, a New York investment research firm.
Recently, stores ranging from Kroger to Walmart to Sprouts have undercut Whole Foods by bulking up their own, lower-priced healthy offerings.
In its latest quarter, Whole Foods reported that sales at stores open at least a year -- a key retail metric known as "same-store sales" -- rose 3.9 percent . That's not bad, but the company once regularly clocked same-store sales growth of about 8 percent . Its stock price, meanwhile, is down 40 percent since late October 2013.
“The emergence of the multi-pronged competitive attack on Whole Foods by generally lower-priced competitors suggests to us that Whole Foods’ business model faces a very real, clear and present danger,” Wolfe analysts wrote in a note last week.
Wolfe Research compared the average price of a basket of groceries at Whole Foods to average prices of baskets at prominent grocery stores in various regions. What they found is that Whole Foods' prices tended to be much higher across the board:
Whole Foods' prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods' produce prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods is responding by testing a rewards program and launching a national marketing campaign , two things the grocery giant has resisted for years. It has also lowered prices over the past several months, though shoppers have been slow to take notice .
Whole Foods co-CEO Walter Robb acknowledged the company's struggles in an interview with CNBC earlier this month . But he said that the steps the retailer has taken will ensure a “very bright future.”
Wolfe analysts argue that Whole Foods hasn't done enough to turn sluggish sales trends around. Even significantly lowering prices won't be enough, in their view.
Whole Foods did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
More:

FDI for Indians is First Develop India  says ModiUpdated: September 25, 2014 17:33 IST
FDI for Indians is First Develop India, says Modi
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the 'Make In India' logo with Kalraj Mishra (left), Minister for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises and Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry in New Delhi. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
The Hindu The logo of 'Make in India' unveiled at the event in Delhi on Thursday.
A screen grab of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Make in India campaign in New Delhi on Thursday.
With his "Come, make in India" slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.
12.35: PM Narendra Modi concludes his speech.
I urge those of you who've been considering leaving India to stay back, flourish here first, then decide: PM Modi #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.35: Today is a very special day for me. It is the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Uoadhyaya, who has inspired us through our lives: PM
12.35: This country is yours. Develop your business within the country and then step out, don't go out of compulsion: PM
"We want highways. We also want i-ways - information ways for a Digital India" PM @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.33: Govt is committed to growth, there is no political agenda but article of faith; States and Centre should work as a team; development of States is development of India: Narendra Modi
12.30: This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs: PM
12.28: I want Indian companies to be multi-national ones. But they should make the country stronger: PM Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.24: Want to enhance Public-Private Partnerships in skills development: Narendra Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.23: We have reversed the trend of investors going outside the country: Narendra Modi
12.20: Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday: PM
"We don't have to tell the world our address, there'll be a Vasco da Gama in every nook and corner in India"- PM @narendramodi #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.16: Be assured you will not lose your money: PM to industrialists.
@narendramodi : "Don't think of India just as a market. The quicker Indian middle class grows the bigger the market becomes" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.15: I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance: Narendra Modi
12.12: My 3 month experience tells me that the entire team has a very positive outlook and thinking. They are 2 steps ahead of me too: Narendra Modi
Combination of democracy, demographic dividend & growing demand India's USP: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.12: The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM
"FDI means #FirstDevelopedIndia for me." PM Shri @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia launch.
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.09: Industry does not come when there are too many incentive schemes. We have to create a development & growth oriented environment: Narendra Modi
This is the step of a Lion...Make in India: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.06: We have to increase manufacturing and at the same time ensure that the benefits reach the youth of our nation: PM
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.05: My definition of FDI for the people of India is First Develop India: PM
12.04: Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm: PM.
12.04: People are talking about FDI but I see things differently. FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India: PM
For the world FDI is an opportunity: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.03: Mantra of our Government is that we want to trust each and every India. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things: Narendra Modi
12.02: Who is the Government for? It is for every Indian. It is for the poorest of the poor: Narendra Modi
12.01: A decision on self certification...many may feel this is a small step but what can be bigger than trusting 125 crore Indians: Narendra Modi
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.59: A trust was broken that when a policy will be changed, when CBI will come...this is what I heard from all you: Narendra Modi
We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India. Can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.58: Yet, when I heard such views I felt very sad. Why must our own people want to leave India: Narendra Modi
11.57: Whenever I met people for the last few years they would tell me — we want to shift out. I never saw political reasons behind it: PM Modi
11.55: I was hearing the business leaders. My Ministerial colleague also shared insight, we even saw the film: Prime Minister Narendra Modi
11.53: The Prime Minister starts addressing the gathering.
11.52: PM also unveils 'Make in India' brochure. Set of brochure covering 25 sectors covering just what every investor needs to invest in India.
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
11.50: PM Narendra Modi unveils the 'Make in India' logo. Make in India logo is derived from Ashok Chakra: wheel denotes peaceful progress, and the lion stands for strength and tenacity.
The information & facts that potential investors need for each sector have been compiled in brochures. #MakeInIndia pic.twitter.com/8rxGzCd0nF
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.45: Prime Minister will unveil the global 'Make in India' logo shortly.
11.40: My next investment destination is Madhya Pradesh: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar: " #MakeInIndia has given a mantra to eliminate all the ailments our economy has been suffering from"
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.39: Problems of inflation, unemployment can be resolved through domestic manufacturing: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar to @narendramodi "Boldness of your vision and the simplicity with which you have communicated it is inspiring" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.38: Like others, I am also inspired by the boldness of your vision and simplicity of your communication: Y.C. Deveshwar
"Make in India" campaign going global. Outreach now underway in Indonesia. pic.twitter.com/Jxmjfd4wfb
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
11.37: Y.C. Deveshwar, ITC Chairman, is speaking now.
11.36: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation: Phil Shaw.
11.35: With a supportive Government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more: Phil Shaw
11.33: Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India is speaking now.
Watch Live:
11.32: Train 5000 youth to give them basic skills o make them employable in industries. All of them are fully employed and more than 30% of them are young girls from semi urban and rural areas: Chanda Kochhar
We believe India is an epicentre of innovation: Mr. Shaw, Lockheed Martin India
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.30: We have been playing a role in manufacturing in India for the last 60 years. In the last one year we are focuses on skill training our youth: Chanda Kochhar
Chanda Kochhar @ICICIBank : "As a nation we need to focus on 4 areas- rules & regulations, infrastructure, policies and skill training."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.25: We will ensure that whatever gets made in India is best globally and that manufacturing processes are sustainable, and at competitive costs. We need to focus on the ease of doing business; the industry would need all infrastructure and we will need to give youth the resources to involve themselves in manufacturing: Chanda Kochhar, ICICI Bank CEO
11.23: Manufacturing has to become the next big wave. India is already a manufacturing hub for Birla group. More than 80% of revenue comes from Indian manufacturing for Birla group: K.M. Birla
Make in India has a very special resonance for our group: Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.21: India is a global IT hub and reservoir of human capital: K.M. Birla
11.20: Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman, Adithya Birla Group is now speaking
Azim Premji @Wipro : "True success of manufacturing lies in the ability to service global markets" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.18: The PM vision as a manufacturing powerhouse calls for educated workforce of thinkers and problem solvers: Azim Premji
11.11: Creating 1,25,000 new jobs in the next 12 to 15 months; With your leadership India can come back to fast growth trajectory; 8 and 10 per cent growth potential for India: Mukesh Ambani to PM
India's top Industrialists (from left) Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry; Maruti Suzuki CEO Kenichi Ayukawa; Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani; Bosch Executive Director Franz Hauber; Wipro Chairman Azim Premji during the launch of "Make In India" at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
11.10: Implementation of GST will make India one market and strengthen overall 'Make in India' programme: Ambani.
11.09: Make in India is typical to your style. Make is for all Indians and the world. Make is for the present and the future. Important for us to succeed in global competitiveness: Mukesh Ambani to PM
Mr. Mukesh Ambani: "When the world looks at India, let nobody have a doubt that we can be competitive on global terms." #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.08: On behalf on Indian industries I commit myself to the Make in India program: Mukesh Ambani
11.07: You gave us a vision of digital India goes hand in hand with make in india framework, Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.06: You have focused Indians towards the present and the future: Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.05: Today is a historic day for Indian industry: Mukesh Ambani. For Make In India movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
Today we commit ourselves to Make India, a call that was given by our beloved PM on Independence Day: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.03: Mukesh Ambani, Chairman, Reliance industries Ltd. speaks.
My warm greetings to everyone on Navratri. Today is undoubtedly a historic day for Indian industry: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
MD Suzuki Motor Corp Kenichi Ayukawa: "India has the potential to become the most powerful car manufacturer of the world" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.55: Kenichi Ayukawa, CEO of Maruti Suzuki speaks. "We have been able to implement Japanese work practices in India."
Cyrus Mistry, @TataCompanies : "We are greatly encouraged that the #MakeinIndia programme is bringing together industry and government."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.51: India has 2 strategic advantages — our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth: Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons
Under leadership of our PM, Make in India is bringing together industry and government: Mr. Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons. http://t.co/Mv6VWi6ubN
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
10.49: Fully committed to de-licensing, deregulating and taking India to high growth trajectory: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.47: Series of measures taken on ease of doing business: Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
10.46: Make in India is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.45: Presentation on wooing investors being played in all state capitals. PM's speech will be translated into other foreign languages.
10.40: Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industry and Finance and Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman begins her address,"We want to make India A global manufacuring destination. We have a liberalised FDI policy. We have created a dedicated team to invest in India to assist and handhold investors from across the globe""
'Make in India' going global.Indian Missions translating into Arabic,Chinese,German, Russian, Japanese,Spanish & more pic.twitter.com/TjEDnOhTtG
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
10.30: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign begins: aims to attract foreign companies in Indian infrastructure. To highlight liberalised defence manufacturing.
10.20: Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry, Osamu Suzuki, KM Birla, Azim Premji expected to speak at 'Make in India' launch
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make In India” campaign, aimed at reviving the job-creating manufacturing sector — key to taking the economy on a sustainable high growth path.
The drive, the Modi government hopes, will do for investment sentiment what the “Incredible India” campaign has accomplished for tourism. With his “Come, make in India” slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.

Rupee hits 7-week lowforeign exchange market
The Indian rupee hit its lowest level in one-and-a-half months on Thursday, weighed down by a sharp fall in the domestic share market and demand for the greenback from importers, but the central bank stepped in to limit further losses.
Traders said the central bank likely sold dollars via state-run banks starting around 61.40 rupee levels to prevent a further fall in the local currency.
Indian shares fell for a third consecutive session, as lenders and other coal-related firms remained under pressure a day after the country's top court scrapped all but four of 218 coal blocks allocated by the government since 1993.
Traders will continue to monitor domestic share and debt price movements for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows which are key for the rupee's fortunes.
So far this year, foreign funds have bought $14.1 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt.
"The rupee opened largely flat but subsequently it started tracking the equity market. Negative sentiment in equities due to coal de-allocation by the Supreme Court hurt the rupee as well. And there was some buying from importers also," said Pramod Patil, assistant vice president at United Overseas Bank.
"Overall at the macro level too the dollar is strengthening, so we can see the negative bias on the rupee continue," he added.
Patil expects the rupee to trade in a range of 61.00 to 61.75 until the central bank's policy review.
India's top court on Wednesday scrapped all but four of 218 coal blocks allocated by the government over the past two decades, raising concerns that resorting to imports would widen the trade and current account deficits.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.34/35 per dollar compared with Wednesday's close of 60.96/97. The rupee dropped to as low as 61.4150, its lowest level since Aug. 8. It declined 0.6 percent on the day, its biggest single-day fall since Sept. 15.
Dollar demand from oil and other importers to meet month-end import commitments also pressured the rupee, dealers said.
The rupee could also remain under pressure ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on Sept. 30.
The central bank is expected to keep interest rates on hold until the April-June quarter of next year, when it may loosen policy, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday.
The euro fell on Thursday to an almost two-year low against a dollar that is on track for its longest winning streak since the early 1970s, as investors anticipate that European and U.S. monetary policy will head in opposite directions.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.70, while the three-month was at 62.28.

Cavaliers Already Feeling  The Lebron Effectcavaliers already feeling  the lebron effect
Beyond Bendgate: How Apple Continues to Take a Bite Out of the Competitionreddit
While there was talk in the industry and among consumers that Apple was losing its "cool factor," the unveiling of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus proved everyone wrong. Tim Cook's keynote a few weeks ago demonstrated Apple's still got it.
Samsung was busy taking epic selfies at the Oscars, but Apple was quietly working on the next really big thing. Apple's new products, both the iPhone 6 and Apple Watch, gave users much to get excited about. The massive lines comprised of Apple fans at stores camping out to get the new iPhone throughout the country led Apple to a record-breaking win : 10 million phones sold on the first weekend.
Even though this milestone might have been overshadowed by #Bendgate and iOS8 troubles, no one can take away the fact that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus achieved a record number of preorder sales . The numbers -- and the products -- speak for themselves.
Cook's "one more thing" -- the Apple Watch -- is far more stylish than competing smartwatches, a beautiful timepiece. Of course, the Apple Watch is innovating on what Samsung already introduced to the market, and Apple is betting big on the health angle to take it the extra mile. But why wait until early 2015 to have the watch available to consumers? A big missed opportunity, failing to capture holiday sales.
The innovation continues with Apple's new pay system. Apple Pay will help boost mobile payments , taking this trend to the next level. With your iPhone in hand or while wearing your Apple Watch, you will never need your debit or credit card again.  Apple promises to have Pay in more than 220,000 retailers, including Macy's, Whole Foods, Walgreens and Sephora, and they even have the two major credit card sponsors, Visa and Mastercard, on board. The possibilities are endless.
Though innovation plays a big part in the success of the company, it's not necessarily their selling point. The Apple Watch was not the first smartwatch. The iPhone was not the first smartphone.
Apple does not care about being first -- they care about being best. This is why they're breaking records. This is why they have developed such a passionate fan base. The attention to detail, the beautiful design, the simplicity of Apple products... these are all Steve Jobs' legacy, and factors that will ensure Apple will be around for a long time. I can't wait to see what they come up with next.
Follow Jose Costa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/joserenecosta
More:

Witnessing Heartbreak and Hope at a Syrian-Refugee Camp in JordanWeekend Roundup: Is China Outpacing Mexico on the Rule of Law?
Getty/WorldPost Illustration
On the same day this week that President Obama announced a measure that could give legal protection to 5 million undocumented immigrants, massive protests raged across Mexico against the impunity and corruption that led to the horrific massacre of 43 students. From Mexico City, Sergio Sarmiento, Elena Poniatowska and Homero Aridjis chronicle the events and ponder what's next. Anthropologist Claudio Lomnitz examines the causes behind Mexico's corrosive impunity.   Meanwhile, as Xin Chunying writes from Beijing, China is also seeking to establish the rule of law through steadily boosting the role of the National People's Congress. While stifling dissent, China's President Xi is taking on both "tigers and flies" in his no-holds-barred assault from the top down on corruption.   Can China's effort succeed without active public engagement? Can Mexico learn from China and move from angry protest to systemic change? (continued)

Global Economy Week Ahead: While ECB Struggles  Fed Sees RecoveryRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
London: On one side of the Atlantic they're trying to refill the punchbowl. On the other they're getting ready to take it away. This week, investors may get a clearer idea why.
The European Central Bank will spell out on Thursday its latest attempt to steer the euro zone away from the prospect of damaging deflation, following the latest snapshot of consumer price pressures on Tuesday.
US jobs numbers on Friday will probably confirm that the fast-recovering American economy has reached the point where the Federal Reserve can finally halt its massive bond-buying stimulus.
The contrast between the US and euro zone economies has grown increasingly stark, adding to the pressure on the ECB and European leaders to revive growth in their corner of the world.
US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew last week laid bare Washington's long-standing frustrations with the reluctance of European governments to increase public spending.
The risk of the euro zone sliding into deflation and deeper stagnation is adding to the drag on the global economy from a slowdown in China, where authorities are trying to rein in lending, and concerns about conflict in the Middle East.
But instead of fiscal action by European governments, it is action by the ECB that is the most likely spur for the region.
After surprising markets with an interest rate cut at its September meeting and trying to get banks to take cheap loans to boost lending, the ECB on Thursday is due to give details of its plan to unblock corporate credit by buying repackaged loans.
Marchel Alexandrovich, an economist with Jefferies in London, said investors wanted an idea of the size of the programme to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds. This would help them gauge when the ECB might start buying government bonds, a much more powerful - and controversial - form of stimulus.
Economists have widely ranging guesses as to the size of the programme, and Alexandrovich said that the bigger it proved to be, the longer the ECB was likely to hold off from buying government bonds.
Reuters reported this month that initial plans for the ABS and covered bond programme foresaw up to 500 billion euros ($640 billion) in purchases.
ECB President Mario Draghi has said the bank wants to push its balance sheet back up to the levels of early 2012, or about 3 trillion euros, compared with 2 trillion euros now.
Tuesday's consumer price data is likely to underscore how close the euro zone is to succumbing to deflation. Inflation in the 18 countries sharing the currency is expected to fall to 0.3 per cent in September, its lowest level in nearly five years.
Economists at Nomura saw "a clear sign that euro area policy makers are losing their grip on inflation expectations".
Wage conundrum
In the United States, the challenge for policymakers looks very different with attention focused on when interest rates will start to rise after nearly six years at near zero.
The US economy looks to be on course for growth of about 2 or 2.5 per cent this year, and the Federal Reserve intends to halt its bond-buying programme in October.
Data due on Friday is expected to show employers hired 219,000 people in September, a bounce-back from a surprise slip in August to 142,000.
"The message from the Fed is 'watch the data' which is why the numbers next week will be very closely watched, maybe much more so than in recent months," said Gennadiy Goldberg, US strategist with TD Securities.
As well as the jobs data, figures on consumer spending, manufacturing and trade are likely to show the US recovery firmly on track.
Even so, earnings have failed to respond much to the pick-up in jobs growth, something pointed out by Fed Chair Janet Yellen and which could delay a first rate hike.
Goldman Sachs says that its number-crunching shows that growth in wages is becoming an increasingly reliable indicator of how much slack there is in the economy.
Noting how earnings growth lagged behind inflation in the United States, the euro zone, Britain and Japan in the second quarter, the investment bank predicted central banks would take their time to start raising record-low interest rates with the Fed only doing so in the third quarter of next year.
The Bank of England is expected to raise rates before the Fed, and upward revisions to the pace of economic growth in 2013 and the first two quarters of this year - which are expected to be announced on Tuesday - will add to the sense of an economy firing on almost all of its cylinders.
But like the Fed, the BoE has put weak growth in pay and labour costs at the heart of its thinking and has signalled a first rate hike is only likely to come in the spring of 2015.
"While estimates of recent GDP growth may be nudged up, we doubt that these revisions will have major effects on the outlook for fiscal or monetary policy," economists at consultancy Capital Economics said in a note to clients.
(1$ = 0.7844 euro)

Why CNX Pharma Index Hit Record-High TodayThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The CNX Pharma index- the NSE's sub index for pharma companies touched an all-time high of 10,742.45 on Monday, with frontline pharma companies gaining between 1-6 per cent in an otherwise subdued market.
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy Lab rallied around 4 per cent to Rs 839.80 and Rs 627.40 respectively, whereas Glenmark Pharmaceuticals and Aurobindo Pharma were up between 4-6 per cent.
The NSE's CNX Pharma index which was the top gainer among sectoral indices gained over 2 per cent.
Surjit Pal, Pharma Analyst at Prabhudas Lilladher speaking to NDTV said markets have already priced in the FY16 growth prospects of most of the pharma companies, which is reflected in their prices.( Watch interview )
Sun Pharma rallied around 4 per cent to Rs 839.80, extending Friday's 4 per cent gain. The stock has gained around 46 per cent in last 6 months as against a 19 per cent gain in Nifty. Surjit Pal, says "With the acquisition of Taro and Dusa, the portfolio of Ranbaxy will definitely help Sun Pharma to get their franchise into dermatology much stronger than anybody else."
Aurobindo Pharma gained over 5 per cent on The BSE to Rs 938.85, on Monday. The stock has rallied around 15 per cent in the last three trading sessions after Medicines Patent pool (MPP), a United Nations arm entered into sub-licencing agreement with the company for manufacturing of an HIV drug for developed countries.
Surjit Pal says he is bullish on Dr Reddy's Laboratories, Sun Pharma, Lupin and Cipla among large-cap pharma companies and Aurobindo Pharma and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals in the mid-cap segment.
However, Mr Pal expects a change in the pharma space post 2016. Starting from the calendar year 2016, the exclusivity period under patent for majority of the drugs of large pharma companies would expire and the few products that will remain will see a lot of competition, he added.
Prabhudas Lilladher says 2016 onwards companies would have to invest more on new product development to sustain their past growth. "The severity of patent cliff will definitely impact top line growth as well as margin quality" said Mr Pal.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 14:06 (IST)

Patel Logistics Soars 20% on Tie-up with AmazonThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Patel Integrated Logistics shares jumped by their daily limit of 20 per cent on Monday on a media report that the world's biggest e-commerce firm Amazon has signed a deal with the company for domestic deliveries. ( Track stock )
The air cargo deal comes at a time when Jeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon.com, is visiting India. Mr Bezos had earlier said that he sees huge potential in the Indian economy and for the growth of e-commerce in India.
According to estimates, Indian e-commerce is expanding at a compound annual growth rate of 34 per cent. Of the $13 billion market, travel services account for about 70 per cent, while the type of goods sold through Amazon made up $1.6 billion of the total last year. Retail advisor Technopak expects the overall figure to swell to $76 billion by 2021.
Angel Investor Rehan Yar Khan told NDTV that India has 3 crore online shoppers and the number of shoppers is growing at 25 per cent year-on year, making the country an attractive markets for global giants such as Amazon. ( Read the story here )
Amazon, the world's largest online retailer, entered India in 2013 and is facing fierce competition from domestic e-commerce companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal.
However, Amazon is gearing up to challenge Flipkart's dominance in the country. In July, it announced plans to invest an additional $2 billion in the Indian market a day after Flipkart announced it had raised $1 billion in funding, the biggest ever by an e-commerce firm. ( Read the full story here )
Amazon said the funds would be used to growth rapidly in the country. It recently announced the decision to open five more fulfilment centres in India.
The tie-up with Patel Integrated Logistics is for Amazon's "next-day delivery" service, which provides speedier service. Patel Logistics will be responsible for moving goods from one airport to another, the report said.
Patel Integrated Logistics, which started as a one-truck enterprise, is now one of the largest logistics conglomerate in Asia. It specializes in surface transport, door-to-door express cargo service, on-board couriers and freight forwarding.
As of 12 p.m., Patel Integrated Logistics shares traded 20 per cent higher at Rs 54.05. Shares in other logistics companies also saw buying interest. Blue Dart Express traded 3.5 per cent higher, while newly-listed Snowman Logistics gained over 2 per cent. Gati advanced 1 per cent as compared to 0.1 per cent gain in the broader Sensex. ( Track stock )
(With inputs from Reuters)

Gold  Silver Recover on Festive Season DemandYou are here: Home Market
Gold, Silver Recover on Festive Season Demand
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 29, 2014 14:56 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Gold prices recovered by Rs 70 to Rs 27,300 per ten grams in the national capital today on pick up in festive season demand.
Silver followed suit and gained Rs 65 to Rs 39,600 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders attributed the recovery in gold and silver prices to pick up in festive season demand.
They said weak rupee against the American currency that made the imports of dollar-quoted gold costlier, also influenced bullion prices.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity traded Rs 70 each higher at Rs 27,300 and Rs 27,100 per ten grams respectively. It had lost Rs 320 in the previous session.
Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram in scattered deals.
Silver ready moved up by Rs 65 to Rs 39,600 per kg while weekly-based delivery ruled steady at Rs 39,170 per kg on lack of speculators' support. The white metal had lost Rs 365 in last trade.
Silver coins, however, continued to be enquired at last level of Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 14:54 (IST)

Anant Raj Gains 8% on Subsidiary SaleYou are here: Home Market
Anant Raj Gains 8% on Subsidiary Sale
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 11:04 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in Realty firm Anant Raj gained over 8 per cent to a day high of Rs 60 on Monday as the company announced on Friday sale of one of its wholly-owned subsidiary firm to pay off its debt.
Anant Raj in a filing to exchanges on Friday said their board has approved sale of its subsidiary firm Greatway Estates for Rs 304.12 crore. The company said the funds will be used partly to repay its debt and partially for development of its projects.
Anant Raj had a total debt of around Rs 1,400 crore as of March 2014. The company is also planning to sell some of its hotel properties and land parcels to cut down its debt further.
As of 10.55 a.m. shares in Anant Raj traded with 3.8 per cent gains at Rs 57.35 a piece outperforming the Nifty which was down 0.07 per cent.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 11:01 (IST)

SEBI issues attachment orders against 5 entitiesUpdated: September 29, 2014 17:32 IST
SEBI issues attachment orders against 5 entities
PTI
company information
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has ordered attachment of bank accounts as well as securities Demat accounts of five entities to recover dues worth nearly Rs. 28 lakh from them for violations of capital market regulations.
The capital market watchdog has to recover dues from three companies — Brijlaxmi Leasing & Finance (Rs. 13.62 lakh), Sawaca Communication (nearly Rs. 4.4 lakh) and IFSL Ltd (Rs. 3.05 lakh).
Besides, the SEBI has to recover an amount of Rs. 6.30 lakh from Ankur Chaturvedi and Rs. 55,589 from Mahendra A Shah.
The pending dues include penalties imposed on the entities for violation of securities market norms besides interest and other costs.
In separate attachment orders dated September 26, SEBI has asked banks to attach all accounts including lockers held by the five entities.
Similarly, the regulator has directed depositories — NSDL and CDSL — to attach all demat accounts of the defaulters.
SEBI told the banks and the depositories that there was “sufficient reason” to believe that defaulters may dispose of the amounts or securities in the bank and securities accounts respectively and “realisation of amount due under the certificate would in consequence be delayed or obstructed”.
The regulator has ordered banks and depositories to attach “all accounts by whatever name called of the defaulter, either singly or jointly with any other persons”.
SEBI has also asked banks to attach the lockers held by the entities as well as “all other amount/proceeds due or may become due to the defaulters or any other money held or may subsequently hold for or on account of defaulter”.
It has further ordered the banks and depositories that with immediate effect no debit would be made in these accounts until further directions from the market regulator.
However, the credits, if any, into the account maybe allowed, SEBI said.
The watchdog has also asked for various details of the accounts held by the entities, including account statements.

Sumitomos US shale oil foray turns sourSumitomo’s US shale oil foray turns sour
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/630658d8-47ba-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CDC probing reports of paralysis in 9 Colorado children  including some with Enterovirus 68By Abby Phillip September 29 Follow @abbydphillip
In this Monday, Sept. 8, 2014 photo, Melissa Lewis, of Denver, helps her son, Jayden Broadway, 9, as he coughs in his bed at the Children's Hospital Colorado in Aurora, Colo. He was treated for the enterovirus 68 and released, but his asthma made the illness more difficult to fight. (AP Photo/The Denver Post, Cyrus McCrimmon)
Several children in Colorado, including some that have tested positive for the Enterovirus 68 respiratory illness , also reported neurological symptoms including muscle weakness and paralysis.
Colorado health officials say nine children were identified between Aug. 8 and Sept. 17 after they developed neurological symptoms that are not commonly associated with Enterovirus 68, which causes severe breathing problems particularly in children with pre-existing asthma or respiratory problems.
That virus has been confirmed in the District of Columbia and all but 10 states, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and it has sickened more than 277 people, mostly children.
The CDC said it is investigating the cases in Colorado and has called on health officials nationwide to be on the lookout for similar symptoms.
Doctors at the Children's Hospital of Colorado said Monday that they have treated over 4,000 children with serious respiratory illnesses since August. Nine of the patients have shown signs of paralysis and muscle weakness. (AP)
They do not believe that the symptoms are related to polio, which is caused by a viral infection that leads to paralysis, because most of the children -- eight out of nine -- are fully up to date on their polio vaccinations. Of the eight that were tested by the CDC, four tested positive for Enterovirus 68, and two others were positive for different unidentified strains of an enterovirus.
"This is a very small number of patients," Larry Wolk, director of the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment told the Denver Post . "That's why we're asking if there are other cases. People shouldn't panic."
The children are from the Denver area and are being treated at Children’s Hospital Colorado in Aurora, Colo., and they all reported symptoms of fever and breathing problems two weeks before developing limb weakness, according to the CDC. None have fully recovered from their symptoms, Wolk said.
Outbreaks of enteroviruses and rhinoviruses, which cause the common cold, are common in the fall, and the often go undiagnosed if the symptoms are not severe. But this year, the outbreak has been worse than usual and children with asthma or other pre-existing breathing problems have been particularly hard hit. The CDC said that it expects the number of cases to wane later in the fall.
The CDC's advisory asked doctors to be watchful for any acute onset of limb weakness and evidence an magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) test of the spinal cord that shows large lesions on the gray matter of the spinal cord.
None of the children experienced seizures or an altered mental state.
While it isn't necessarily common for non-respiratory symptoms to occur with Enterovirus 68 infections, Wolk told the Denver Post that myelitis, or the infection of gray matter of the spinal cord, can occur as a complication of viral infections.
"We've seen this in the past and have studied these kinds of clusters in the past," Wolk said.
Earlier this year, health officials in California investigated 25 cases of polio-like symptoms in children, some of whom tested positive for Enterovirus 68.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Accor s Hotel Formule1 launches new property in GurgaonAccor s Hotel Formule1 launches new property in Gurgaon
Rupee plummets to 7-month low  down 38 paise to end at 61.53crr
(Sustained capital outflows…)
MUMBAI: The rupee today tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
Sustained capital outflows also kept the rupee under pressure while some weakness in dollar overseas, which was trading down by 0.14 per cent against its major global rivals, was not able to stem the rupee fall, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.15. It immediately touched a high of 61.31 on initial firmness in local equities.
Later, it fell back sharply to a low of 61.59 before concluding at 61.53, showing a fall of 38 paise or 0.62 per cent. This is its weakest level since March 5, 2014 when it closed at 61.75.
Last Friday, the rupee rose by 19 paise or 0.31 per cent. In other Asian currencies, the dollar appreciated as well. The Japanese yen headed towards the 110 mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
The Indian equity benchmark Sensex today eased by 29.21 points, or 0.11 per cent. FIIs had pulled out USD 39.95 million last Friday as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said: "To start the week, rupee depreciated over half a per cent during the day. It tok cues from dollar which is trading strong. Also, the increased month-end dollar demand from oil importers forced rupee to trade low.
"Now all eyes are on the RBI policy review on Tuesday which will show the road ahead for the USD/INR pair. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.00 to 62.00."
On likely RBI policy outcome, Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice-President, Bonanza Portfolio said: "We expect RBI will enhance system liquidity by further reducing SLR by another 25 bps to 21.75 per cent and also, further reduction in HTM ceiling to 23.5 per cent of NDTL. We also anticipate that RBI might ease daily CRR limit for banks 85-90 per cent."
In forward market, premium remained weak on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February fell to 203-205 paise from 208-210 paise last Friday.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also dropped to 454-456 paise from 463-465 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4273 and for the euro at 77.9328.
The rupee fell back against the pound to 99.94 from 99.69 previously and also moved down further to 56.28 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.04. It, however, turned negative to settle at 78.16 per euro from 77.85.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L&T Metallurgical wing wins Rs. 2 030 crore orders in July-Septeconomy, business and finance
Engineering and Construction major Larsen & Toubro on Monday said its Metallurgical and Material Handling business has won new orders worth Rs. 2,030 crore in steel, port and bulk material handling sectors during the second quarter of 2014-15.
The scope of work for the company includes construction and balance of plant of a coke oven battery as well as large capacity conveying system including yard machines at major ports.
The contract also includes a coal handling plant at the mine heads of the Northern coal fields and the Mahanadi coal fields, the company said in a statement.
“The orders (during July-September) are clear signs of the change in the investment climate in both Metallurgical and Bulk Material Handling Sectors where L&T continues to maintain its leadership position,” L&T said.
The capabilities of MMH to provide technology, engineering, manufacturing and construction services coupled with the commissioning and demonstration of performance of all critical units of steel plants as well as material handling plants give it the unique status of a complete solution provider in the industry, it said.
L&T is a major Indian multinational in technology, engineering, construction, manufacturing and financial services, with global operations.
The company’s scrip closed at Rs.1, 467.45, down 0.59 per cent, on the BSE.

Sensex Edges Lower; Banks Weigh Ahead of RBI PolicyYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Lower On Caution Ahead of RBI Policy Review
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 17:18 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The BSE Sensex fell on Monday as rate-sensitive firms such as ICICI Bank felt the pinch a day ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review, but exporters such as IT firms and drugmakers cashed in on the rupee's weakness.
The RBI is widely expected to keep interest rates on hold on Tuesday, with the focus expected to be on the tone of its policy statement as Governor Raghuram Rajan has reiterated his commitment to tame inflation.
Adding to the caution, foreign investors were net sellers for four consecutive sessions, totalling over $500 million, according to exchange data, their biggest selling streak since May.
"Governor Rajan is not in a hurry to cut rates but the RBI has nearly nine months or so before the Fed raises rates. During this period the central bank is expected to use proactive measures to loosen rates and let the economy stabilise," said Deven Choksey, managing director at KR Choksey Securities.
Concerns about earlier-than-expected US rate hikes are expected to increase after an upward revision to US economic growth estimates in the second quarter, while political unrest in Hong Kong could weigh on regional shares.
The benchmark BSE Sensex ended down 0.11 per cent, or 29.21 points, at 26,597.11, a fourth session of fall in five. The broader Nifty lost 0.12 per cent, or 9.95 points, to close at 7,958.90.
Interest rate sensitive stocks led the declines. The tone of RBI's statement could be important in setting expectations about when the central bank would lower interest rates.
For now, analysts do not expect a rate cut until the April-June quarter.
ICICI Bank lost 1.3 per cent, HDFC Bank fell 0.8 per cent, Kotak Mahindra Bank closed down 2.1 per cent, while Axis Bank was 0.9 per cent lower.
Among the other major losers, automaker Maruti Suzuki India declined 1 per cent, while Hero MotoCorp fell 1.3 per cent.
Real estate developer DLF ended 2.6 per cent lower.
Exporters rose on hopes a weak rupee would boost their profits.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries rose 3.6 per cent, while Tata Consultancy Services ended higher 3.1 per cent.
Strides Arcolab surged 9 per cent after the company said it had agreed to buy smaller rival Shasun Pharmaceuticals in an all-stock deal, and on news that a special dividend would be considered at a board meet on October 7.
Travel companies also gained after Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in New York on Sunday that India would allow visas on arrival for U.S. citizens, boosting expectations of a rise in profits for the sector. Cox & Kings surged 10.9 per cent, Thomas Cook (India) jumped 5.5 per cent, while Mahindra Holidays and Resorts gained 7.4 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee Ends Down at 61.53You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Lower at 61.53 as Dollar Surges Against Asian Currencies
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 18:11 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee fell on Monday in a volatile session after an upward revision in US quarterly growth data raised concerns about earlier-than-expected interest rate hikes there, while caution also prevailed ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review.
The RBI is widely expected to keep interest rates on hold on Tuesday, with investors more focused on what tone it will adopt about future moves.
Although the apex bank's commitment to fight inflation has sparked a rally in Indian markets, traders also warn an excessively hawkish tone could also raise concerns that any fight to curb prices would come at the expense of economic growth.
"We do not expect any big announcements in the policy review tomorrow," said Vishweshwara M, assistant general manager, treasury, at Karnataka Bank in Mumbai.
"Having said that we expect the dollar-rupee to stabilise at these levels, with the next resistance around 61.60/70."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.53/54 per dollar compared with Friday's close of 61.14/15. It fell to 61.62 on Monday, matching the 1-1/2 month low hit on Friday.
The falls on Monday erased the rally in the previous session after Standard & Poor's raised its outlook on India's credit rating to 'stable' from 'negative'.
Emerging Asian currencies weakened on Monday after an estimate showed the US economy grew 4.6 per cent in its second quarter, faster than the initially estimated 4.2 per cent, raising fears of earlier-than-expected rate hikes.
Currencies were also hit by tensions in Hong Kong after clashes between pro-democracy supporters and police in one of the biggest political challenges for Beijing since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
Dollar demand from oil and other importers to meet month-end import commitments also pressured the rupee, dealers said.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.95, while the three-month was at 62.58.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Airlines lure flyers with cheap new year fares  SpiceJet charges Rs 699Sep 29, 2014 at 06:15pm IST
Airlines lure flyers with cheap new year fares, SpiceJet charges Rs 699
9
0
New Delhi: To lure more flyers this festive and upcoming New Year travel season domestic airlines Monday launched attractive fare schemes.
Budget carrier Spicejet was the first to announce its 'Early New Year' sale whereby passengers can book tickets at Rs.699 (excluding taxes and fees).
The airline said that the booking period for the sale is between Sep 29 to Oct 1 for travel between Jan 16 to Oct 24 2015.
To lure more flyers this festive and upcoming New Year travel season domestic airlines Monday launched attractive fare schemes.
#spicejet jet airways #airfare war #cheap airtickets
Full service carrier Jet Airways too announced a competitive prices for travel in the coming New Year. It launched a special economy class fares on sale effective Sep 29 to Oct 01, 2014 which is valid for travel between Jan 16 and and Aug 25, 2015.
The discounts on base fare and fuel surcharge for the airline starts from Rs.700.
"The New Year fares offer flexibility in terms of travel validity, where guests may plan their travel anytime for the seven months period," the airline was quoted in a statement.
Sectoral experts said that other airlines are also expected to join in by offering discounted airfares.
2

Blackberry launches PassportNEW DELHI, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 22:39 IST
BlackBerry Passport comes to India
Staff Reporter
THE HINDU Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, Blackberry India at the launch of Blackberry Passport Phone in New Delhi on Monday, September 29, 2014. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
science and technology
BlackBerry Passport will be available from October 10, is priced at Rs.49,990.
Nearly a week after it was revealed for the world, Blackberry Passport has made its way to the Indian shores. The Passport, whose name is in line with its passport-like dimensions, will be available from October 10 onwards, and is priced at Rs.49,990.
At this price, the 4.5-inch square screen device is the most expensive one in the Canadian firm’s portfolio. This is also the first phone in its line-up to run on the latest BlackBerry 10.3 OS, which brings features such as BlackBerry Assistant and access to Amazon Appstore, giving users access to over two lakh top Android apps.
“BlackBerry Passport was designed to aid professionals in becoming more productive. The phone is built on feedback from users and giving them better battery life and a wider view. The display is ideal for those who have to see a lot of Excel sheets or read documents,” BlackBerry India Managing Director Sunil Lalvani told reporters here.
The pre-booking for the Passport has started at Amazon.in and BlackBerry exclusive stores from Monday. Customers pre-booking at Amazon.in would receive a gift card worth Rs.5,000.
The three row QWERTY keypad on the device too has touch features embedded in it.
“The BlackBerry Passport includes the industry’s first touch-enabled keyboard. It can be used for typing as well as navigation by swiping fingers on it for functions like delete, moving predictive words function up and down etc,” Mr. Lalvani added.
The device also boasts of 3450 mAh battery. Besides, it is powered by Quad Core 2.2 GHZ Processor, 3 GB RAM, 13 MP rear camera and 32 GB memory and supports 128 GB of external storage.
“Last week we launched the Passport in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., France, Germany and Dubai. Within four days of that we are launching it here. This shows the priority of the Indian market for us,” he added.
The company, which is looking to reinvent itself to gain the lost ground in the country’s smartphone market, will also be launching BlackBerry Classic that will bring back the famous BlackBerry trackball back before February.

Volatility: Dow sees another dip of 100+New normal? Dow dips of 100-plus points
By: Adam Shell September 29, 2014 9:55 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in August. (Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
The stock market calm seems to be a thing of the past. The Dow opened down  more than 100 points Monday, extending its string of price moves of 100 points or more to a sixth session — and its longest such streak since June 2013.
In early trading Monday, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 150 points, or 0.9%, to 16,963, erasing nearly all of Friday’s 167-point gain. The market has been extremely volatile in the past week or so, and investors were rattled to start the week by pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong that began Sunday and had investors wondering if a repeat of the Tiananmen Square protests in spring 1989 was brewing.
If the Dow finishes down — or up — by more than 100 points Monday, it will mark the first triple-digit point move of six days or more since an eight-session streak from June 11 to June 2o of 2013. That decline was exacerbated by a so-called “taper tantrum,” as investors reacted negatively to the earliest signs that the Fed would begin to pare back its bond-buying program. The Fed started to pull back on asset purchases this January and are slated to phase out quantitative easing, or QE, next month.
Last week, the Dow took investors on a wild ride. Here is how the Dow has closed the past five sessions:
Friday     +167 pts.

Bagel Company Einstein Noah Sold for $364.5MAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Contracts to Buy US Homes Slide in AugustAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

http://usat.ly/1uwOQDZStocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests
Add Hong Kong protests to the long list of geopolitical fears rattling Wall Street.
Post to Facebook
Stocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests Add Hong Kong protests to the long list of geopolitical fears rattling Wall Street. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YFSFbX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
28
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests
Adam Shell and Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 6:08 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Pro-democracy demonstrators hold up their mobile phones during a protest near the Hong Kong government headquarters on September 29, 2014.
(Photo: Dale de la Rey, AFP/Getty Images)
944 CONNECT 192 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong spooked Wall Street Monday, as investors fear the unrest could further weigh down mainland China's slowing economy, morph into a wider protest that could create instability in Beijing and undermine confidence in market-friendly Hong Kong.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. At one point Monday, the Dow Jones industrial average was down nearly 170 points, but the U.S. market pared its losses and the Dow finished down 42 points, or 0.3%, to 17,071.22. The rebound enabled the Dow to snap a five-day streak of closing with a triple-digit gain or loss.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 0.3% to 1,977.80 and the Nasdaq composite fell 0.1% to 4505.85.
Dump stock due to Hong Kong? http://t.co/f6dKuieDsn
— Matt Krantz (@mattkrantz) September 29, 2014
The protest -- sparked by China's plans to limit Hong Kong voters' choice of candidates in the 2017 election -- is the latest geopolitical flare-up to get Wall Street's attention, and cause investors to pare back their risk-taking. U.S. stocks have been dogged by global uncertainty in Iraq, Syria and the Ukraine. The stock market has also been victimized by profit-taking in recent days as investors react to a market that hit record highs a little more than a week ago.
Hong Kong's 'umbrella revolution' opens wide
Hong Kong's Hang Seng stock index fell nearly 2% Monday.
Hong Kong, which was transferred back to China in 1997 by the U.K., is a major player in global markets, best known for trade, real estate and banking -- and its key port that moves products in an out of China. It has been operating under the so-called "one country, two systems" setup for 17 years. Its market-based economy has been a plus for communist China, just as China's booming economy has been a positive force for Hong Kong.
Dog of the day: Tonix Pharmaceuticals, off 50%. http://t.co/cJnxVeypXu
— Gary Strauss (@gstrauss_) September 29, 2014
"Markets are jittery because anything that threatens Hong Kong's status as a one country, two systems place could impact the world economy, with the biggest impact on companies based or listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange," says Rod Smyth, chief investment strategist at Riverfront Investment Group. "Hong Kong has been message of hope, with many hoping China will become more like Hong Kong. The risk is this thing escalates and China starts to get mad at protesters and comes in with a heavy hand and changes other things."
The demonstrations in Hong Kong that began Sunday had money managers wondering if a repeat of the Tiananmen Square protests in spring 1989 was brewing.
FLASHBACK: '89 Tiananmen Sq. protest did not sink U.S. stocks
U.S. stocks were not upended by the high-profile street protests back in Beijing back in 1989. In fact the index rose 8% from the unofficial start of the Tiananmen Square uprising on April 15, 1989, until June 4, 1989, the day the government crackdown intensified and resulted in deaths that ended the standoff, USA TODAY research shows.
Wall Street fears that the pro-democracy uprising could spread to mainland China, in "the Asian version of the Arab Spring," a development that would likely cause turbulence in Beijing, says Quincy Krosby, a market strategist at Prudential Financial.
Investors stomp brakes on Ford stock; $F lost 7.5% today (Ford photo) http://t.co/vcjHRaARyh pic.twitter.com/iaymltHpBa
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 29, 2014
"It creates uncertainty," says Krosby. "That's what is gripping the markets. The question is, how does this play out  if protesters keep protesting. How much are Chinese authorities going to up the ante. And if they do up the ante, that will lead to questions about China."
Adds Axel Merk, chief investment officer at Merk Investments: "If the fragile economy in China gets affected, if there is a spillover to cities there, if the protests create a pro-democracy movement on the mainland, China's stability is at risk. That's the real fear."
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange is the fifth largest in the world, when measured by the market value of the companies listed on the exchange, according to the World Federation of Exchanges, citing data through the end of August. (WFE data does not include the London Stock Exchange.) The Hong Kong exchange has a market cap of $3.4 trillion. Only the New York Stock Exchange ($19.3 trillion), the Nasdaq Stock Market , and the Japan Exchange Group and Euronext are bigger.
A protester prays at an altar of Chinese Taoist God of War, Guan Yu, set up at a barricade on the main road of the occupied area in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 31. Activists are calling for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard next to a picture of Chinese President Xi Jinping holding a yellow umbrella, the symbol of the pro-democracy protest, in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators dress as Chinese ghosts for Halloween during their Hong Kong protestes. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, european pressphoto agency)
Fullscreen
Pro-democracy protesters open their umbrellas for 87 seconds on Oct. 28 as they mark the 87 rounds of tear gas that were fired by police at unarmed student protesters at the same location one month ago in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Fullscreen
Hong Kong actress Deanie Yip, left, stands on a stage in front of protesters with singer Anthony Wong, student leader Joshua Wong, Benny Tai, founder of the Occupy Central civil disobedience movement, and student leaders Alex Chow and Tommy Cheung at a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A demonstrator photographs people waving lights next to the central government offices. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester opens umbrellas during a rally marking one month since they took to the streets in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Hundreds of people attend a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters rally outside government headquarters. The banner reads, "I want genuine universal suffrage." 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A protester observes a minute of silence at a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sleeps in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A man takes a selfie with an iPad at the pro-democracy protester camp site in the Admiralty district on Oct. 27. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters read a newspaper at their camp site in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sits outside her tent in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester sleeps on Nathan Road in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters build a small chair at their makeshift camp outside government headquarters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
An elderly man talks about his life to pro-democracy protesters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy supporters cheer during a press conference outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Sunday. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
People walk among tents along the main protest campsite in Hong Kong. At the main protest site a peaceful atmosphere remains as artists freely express themselves and families bring their children feeling a sense of safely.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A protester draws on the main road of the occupied area of the Mong Kok district Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Activists read in a tent on Oct. 26. Pro-democracy activists were forced to suspend a planned vote on their next steps, due to differing opinions about how to move their month-long campaign forward. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
Student leader Joshua Wong attends a news conference at the pro-democracy protesters' campsite in Hong Kong on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester gives away cutout pictures of Chinese President Xi Jinping as a souvenir on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy activist Oscar Lee jokes around with his daughter Annecy in their tent on the street outside of Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist has a henna tattoo of an umbrella placed on her wrist on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
People sleep on the street overnight at the main protest site on Oct. 25.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Members of the pro-government Blue Ribbon group rally during a candlelight vigil in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A newly married couple poses with a yellow umbrella for their wedding photograph at the site where pro-democracy demonstrators camp in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks at a makeshift tank in an area occupied by the protesters, outside the government headquarters on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters, left, argue with a pro-government local resident on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather on the road during an Occupy Central demonstration in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 24. Activists call for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters camp on top of an underground station in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester  rests on a barricade in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A pro-democracy protester stands his ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. Major intersections in the city have been paralyzed by mass rallies demanding free elections for more than three weeks. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand their ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A woman argues with a Hong Kong police officer about road blockage caused by barricades of pro-democracy protesters while another police officer tries to keep people moving at an intersection. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while seated beside a barricade. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters rest in a tent. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators stand their ground on a barricaded road. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while at a barricade in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, european pressphoto agency)
A protester checks her phone at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour  in Hong Kong on Oct. 23. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Protesters listen to speeches at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour as bad weather caused hours of rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist waters a plant placed on a road outside Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
An anti-occupy protester is removed by the Hong Kong police from a crowd of pro-democracy protesters, in the Mong Kok area of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
A policeman shouts at pro-democracy protesters to stay back as they try to arrest a protester who led a group to set up a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters continue their street occupation amid heavy rain in Hong Kong on Oct. 22. Protesters are calling for changes to the election process. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters stand continue their protest amid rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand under umbrellas during a rainstorm on a barricaded road in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters brave heavy rains during their ongoing protest in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy demonstrators guard a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester reacts as he watches a live transmission of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react as they watch a live transmission on giant screens of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators react as they watch a live transmission on a giant screen of talks with leaders of the Hong Kong Federation of Students and Hong Kong authorities, in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy student protester wipes her eyes as she watches with others a live broadcast of government officials meeting with student protest organizers, in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Tens of thousands of protesters gather to listen to the talks between the government officials and the protesters  at the main protest site  in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react while watching a broadcast of the negotiations between representatives of government and student protesters in the Mong Kok District of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, european pressphoto agnecy)
People watch televised talks between pro-democracy student leaders and senior government officials on Oct. 21 at a protest site in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
People watch televised talks between student leaders and senior government officials. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters watch a live telecast of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Hong Kong Federation of Students leaders Yvonne Leung, left, Nathan Law, Alex Chow, Lester Shum and Eason Chung attend talks with government officials at the Hong Kong Academy of Medicine in Wong Chuk Hang. 
(Photo: Anthony Kwan, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester smokes next to a barricade in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester guards a barricade after midnight in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters set up a barricade in the Mongkok district on Oct. 20. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Police and protesters continue their standoff in Mong Kok. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy student protesters study during a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy student protester looks up from her smartphone at the protest site in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
A Hong Kong police officer looks at an effigy of the city's embattled Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying as his colleagues monitor pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters dress for a graduation photo at a barricade in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Tents are set up at the main protest site on Oct. 18. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A policeman puts on his helmet during a standoff with pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks through binoculars. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters wear protective gear made from plastic bottles. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard at an intersection that was retaken from pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Images of Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying are pasted onto umbrellas. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
People jeer and yell at police officers on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Police use pepper spray against pro-democracy protesters on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)
A local Hong Kong journalist collapses after being hit in the face with pepper spray by police on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protest organizer makes a call after retaking a section of road on Oct. 17 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators face police during a standoff in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Ed Jones, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters scuffle with riot police. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police push through demonstrators during a clash in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)

FTIL exits MCX; completes 15% stake sale to Kotak Mah BkSep 30, 2014, 04.34 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FTIL exits MCX; completes 15% stake sale to Kotak Mah Bk
"FTIL today completed the sale of 15 per cent equity stake in Multi Commodity Exchange of India (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank for a consideration of Rs 459 crore. With this, FTIL's shareholding in MCX is nil," Jignesh Shah-led company said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FTIL exits MCX; completes 15% stake sale to Kotak Mah Bk
"FTIL today completed the sale of 15 per cent equity stake in Multi Commodity Exchange of India (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank for a consideration of Rs 459 crore. With this, FTIL's shareholding in MCX is nil," Jignesh Shah-led company said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Financial Technologies  (FTIL) today said it has completed the deal to sell its 15 percent stake in commodity exchange  MCX to  Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore, marking the company's exit from the bourse.
"FTIL today completed the sale of 15 per cent equity stake in Multi Commodity Exchange of India (MCX) to Kotak Mahindra Bank for a consideration of Rs 459 crore. With this, FTIL's shareholding in MCX is nil," Jignesh Shah-led company said in a statement.
Last week, FTIL concluded a long-term 10-year technology contract with MCX for providing software support and managed services on mutually agreed terms and conditions and further renewal as may be mutually agreed upon, it added.
The technology agreement with MCX paved the completing of the deal with Kotak Mahindra Bank. "I am confident that Kotak Mahindra Group will contribute as significant minority shareholders towards the growth of exchange. We look forward to a constructive partnership with MCX as their technology partner," FTIL MD & CEO Jignesh Shah said in a statement.
India's largest commodity exchange MCX was set up by its erstwhile promoter FTIL in November 2003. The exchange became the country's first exchange to be listed in March 2012. FTIL originally held a 26 percent stake in MCX. It has divested stake in MCX after market regulator FMC had declared the company unfit to run any exchange in the wake of Rs 5,600 crore payment crisis at group company National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL).
The regulator had asked FTIL to reduce its stake in MCX to 2 percent from 26 percent. To begin with divestment process, FTIL had sold 6 percent stake in MCX, including about 2 percent sale to billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, in two rounds for about Rs 220 crore, bringing down its shareholding to 20 percent.
Then in July, FTIL announced sale of 15 percent stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank and last month the company sold residual 5 percent stake in the bourse for over Rs 200 crore.
Financial Tech stock price
On November 21, 2014, Financial Technologies closed at Rs 188.30, up Rs 4.15, or 2.25 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 403.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 135.75.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 25.80 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 7.3. The latest book value of the company is Rs 522.91 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.36.
RELATED NEWS

Congress takes pot shots at Modi over  Mohanlal  Gandhi slipOct 01, 2014 at  03:52pm IST
Congress takes pot shots at Modi over 'Mohanlal' Gandhi slip
10
0
New Delhi: Congress on Monday took a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for accidentally calling Mahatma Gandhi "Mohanlal Karamchand Gandhi", saying that one cannot be expected to follow the ideals of the Father of the Nation if the person mispronounces his name.
"It wld (sic) be foolish to expect one to follow Gandhiji's ideals when that person forgets or mispronounces the Father of Nation's name in public!" Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said in a tweet.
Further charging that there are many who only pay lip service to Gandhi, another Congress spokesperson, Raj Babbar, told reporters at the AICC headquarters, "Those who talk about Gandhi, those who keep Gandhi in their heart, who love Gandhi from their heart, who follow Gandhi's teachings, for them Gandhi is Mohandas."
"Those who talk about Gandhi, those who keep Gandhi in their heart, who love Gandhi from their heart, who follow Gandhi's teachings, for them Gandhi is Mohandas," Raj Babbar said.
#congress #narendra modi #mahatma gandhi #abhishek singhvi
AICC General Secretary Shakeel Ahmed, too, hit out at Modi on 'twitter.com', saying, "People who represent the ideology of the assassin of Mahatma are trying to claim his legacy in USA, as if all Indian Americans are ignorant".
In another tweet, Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha said, "Now that the world knows that PM goofed up (again) on pronouncing the name of Mahatma Gandhi, can the DD anchor get the job back, please?".
Jha's reference was to the sacking of an anchor by state broadcaster Doordarshan for misreading the Chinese President Xi Jinping's name as "11 Jinping".
During his address to Indo-Americans at the Madison Square Garden in New York, Modi said, "You are pravasi bharatiyas. Like you, there was one MK Gandhi. He was also an NRI."
Going on to elaborate the initials 'MK', the Prime Minister said "Mohanlal" in a slip that was immediately noted on social media.
Modi had in November 2013 made the same gaffe while addressing a rally in Dudu when he had had called Mahatma Gandhi "Mohanlal Karamchand Gandhi" instead of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.

http://usat.ly/1CAGs7BAmericans snack differently than other nations
The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives.
Post to Facebook
Americans snack differently than other nations The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sIFrtc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Americans snack differently than other nations
Which snack did you consume in the past 30 days?
Sponsored by
Bruce Horovitz and Karl Gelles, USA TODAY
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 10:58 a.m. EDT September 29, 2014
A  boy snacks on chips with the view on St. Peter's cupola in Rome.
(Photo: Franco Origlia, Getty Images)
766 CONNECT 301 TWEET 158 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives.
While Americans snack a bit differently from the rest of the world, with a special penchant for chips, the simple snack —  from a candy bar to a piece of fruit to a granola bar — now permeates the globe as it increasingly replaces breakfast, lunch and dinner in households from Houston to Hanoi.
That's the conclusion of an exhaustive study due out Monday by consumer research giant Nielsen. Its Nielsen Global Survey of Snacking polled online more than 30,000 consumers in 60 countries between mid-February and mid-March of 2014.  Snacking, the study estimates, has evolved into a $374 billion global industry — and is growing about 2% annually, which is a considerable amount in a shaky, global economy.
The impact of the snacking boom will be huge, affecting the way companies make, market and serve food, and it will influence the kinds of food products that food makers concoct going forward, the study concludes.
"Snacking connects consumers globally," says James Russo, senior vice president at Nielsen.  Consider:  91% of consumers polled say they snack at least once a day. And 21% are snacking three to four times daily — the majority being women.
But snacking is no longer just about satisfying a sweet tooth or hunger pang between meals, but increasingly about substituting them for the meals themselves.
"How we snack as a society is changing," says Russo. "Snacks are increasingly meal replacements."
Some 45% of consumers, globally, says the use snacks as meal replacements.  Roughly 52% same they sometimes replace breakfast with a snack; 43% replace lunch with a snack and 40% replace dinner with one.
Breakfast was the most common meal to be replaced with a snack. Some 55% of Asians surveyed say they replace breakfast with a snack — followed by 49% of North Americans and 44% of Europeans.
"Any way you slice it, these are big numbers," says Russo. "Consumers are re-defining how we eat around meals. If I'm a big food company, I have to think about how to make, market or re-purpose products to a consumer who wants to eat on the go, and is using snacks as meals."
But it's what we Americans are snacking — or not — that's particularly interesting.
First off, we're chip-a-holics.  There is nothing we snack on more than chips of all sorts — from potato to tortilla.  Some 63% of Americans surveyed said they'd snacked on some sort of chips within the past 30 days. Chocolate — mostly in the form of candy bars — ranks second. And cheese snacks finish a close third.
But the rest of the world appears to snack a tad healthier than we do.  Globally, the top snack is chocolate.  Some 64% of consumers surveyed globally said they had a chocolate snack within the past 30 days. Fruit ranked a very close second.  And vegetables ranked third.
The top snack for Europeans is fruit, followed closely by chocolate and cheese.
Much of this can all be explained by the wildly different attributes that various cultures crave in snacks.  The top attribute that Americans seek is "salty and savory" snacks. But globally, consumers opt for "crispy" — which is why so many chocolate bars are crispy.
Snacking isn't just a fad or trend — it's the future, says Russo. "Big as snacking is today, it's only going to get bigger."
766 CONNECT 301 TWEET 158 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sIFrtc
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Boeing  keen on greater engagement with IndiaSep 29, 2014 at  08:48pm IST
Boeing 'keen on greater engagement with India'
5
0
New York: Defence major Boeing on Monday proposed greater business engagement with India, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised the US companies to provide friendlier business environment in the country.
In a one-on-one meeting with Modi, Boeing CEO James McNerney said that the company wants to accelerate its engagement with India.
The meeting followed a power-packed breakfast meet Modi had with CEOs of other 11 large American corporations including PepsiCo, Citigroup, Google, Cargill and Carlyle Group.
The C-17 is the largest defence contract signed by the Indian government with the United States.
#boeing #modi us corporate #narendra modi #modi meets america
With nearly US dollar 87-billion annual turnover globally, Boeing is a major player in Indian defence and aerospace sectors. Its engagement with India is nearly 70 years-long and Boeing jets are one of the mainstays of the country's domestic and intercontinental commercial fleets.
In June 2011, India signed an agreement with the US government to acquire 10 Boeing C-17 Globemaster III airlifters. The C-17 is the largest defence contract signed by the Indian government with the United States.
The first C-17 arrived in India on schedule in June 2013 and a total of five aircraft have been delivered to the Indian Air Force in 2013. Five C-17 aircraft will be delivered in 2014 completing the contract for 10 aircraft.
Other business leaders having one-on-one meetings with the Prime Minister included KKR CEO Henry Kravis, as also CEOs of BlackRock, IBM, GE and Goldman Sachs.
Those present in the breakfast meeting included PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
These are first extensive business engagements in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.
0

Congress steers clear of HR Bharadwaj s claim of Nehru opposing quotaSep 29, 2014 at 08:36pm IST
Congress steers clear of HR Bharadwaj's claim of Nehru opposing quota
3
0
New Delhi: Congress on Monday steered clear of former Union Minister HR Bharadwaj's claim that Jawaharlal Nehru had opposed quota on caste and communal lines.
"I have not read the book and hence will not be able to comment. Moreover, if anything has been written in the book, it could also be his (Bharadwaj) personal opinion," Congress spokesperson Raj Babbar said.
He was replying to a question at the AICC briefing that the former prime minister favoured meritocracy and was against reservations. According to reports, in a book titled 'Nehru-Gazing at Tomorrow,' scheduled to be released soon, Bharadwaj writes that Nehru's idea of social justice was to create educational opportunities and reservations at some preliminary stages, not at later stages.
"I have not read the book and hence will not be able to comment. Moreover, if anything has been written in the book, it could also be his (Bharadwaj) personal opinion," Congress spokesperson Raj Babbar said.
"Because he (Nehru) believed that his ambition to build India with first-rate citizens (meritorious) should not be constrained by too much reservation at all levels," writes Bhardwaj, who till recently was Governor of Karnataka.
3

Tamil Nadu: Congress MP comes out openly in  moral support  of Jayalalithaa8
0
Puducherry: Sulking Rajya Sabha Congress MP P Kannan on Monday came out openly in support of extending "moral support" to jailed AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa, saying her conviction in a wealth case was not a political setback to her, but she would scale greater heights.
"I am extending moral support to her and may meet her any time. There is no setback to Jayalalithaa politically due to her conviction in a wealth case. Her popularity on the other hand will enhance several fold and public sympathy and support to her has also risen to a greater level," he said.
Kannan made it clear he was not expressing any view on the verdict of the special court in Bangalore, sentencing Jayalalithaa to four year imprisonment and Rs 100 crore fine in the disproportionate assets case. Asked whether he would demonstrate his moral support in action and sit on a fast, he said, "I need not observe fast to show my moral support."
"I am extending moral support to her and may meet her any time. There is no setback to Jayalalithaa politically due to her conviction in a wealth case," Congress MP P Kannan said.
#tamil nadu #j jayalalithaa #disproportionate assets #congress
He opined that various schemes and pro-poor programmes evolved and implemented by Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister are worthy of emulation at the national level. He defended his stance on expressing moral support, saying he had every right to voice his views on any matter as an MP.
Kannan, who has been sidelined by the party, has not been attending any party functions for quite some time. The MP alleged that Congress in Puducherry had been damaged so much that the party was fast losing ground.
10

Mars Orbiter Mission spacecraft sends picture of dust storm activities on MarsSep 29, 2014 at  10:48pm IST
Mars orbiter sends picture of dust storm activities on the planet
30
0
Bangalore: India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, ISRO said on Monday.
"Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)", Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said on its official Facebook page with a picture.
It said the image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars. MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
#mars orbiter mission #spacecraft #mars #isro
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The Rs 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth's gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.
13

Israel Kirzner for the Nobel Prize in EconomicsComments
By Todd Zywicki September 29
So predicts Thomson Reuters in its annual predictions of Nobel Laureates. The prognosticators identify Kirzner and William Baumol as worthy for their contributions to the study of entrepreneurship.
Perhaps befitting the somewhat non-scientific nature of economic “science” Pete Boettke reports that the predictions by Thomson Reuters in the past have tended to be more accurate for the natural sciences than for economics. Be that as it may, Pete makes the case for Kirzner’s worthiness. I have long admired Kirzner, as do many who appreciate the value of entrepreneurs for innovation and economic growth. Plus, he is one of those great economists (like Hayek) who can explain economics without equations and formulas.
And speaking of Kirzner and Hayek, Kirzner  will be the keynote speaker as the Mercatus Center presents a program celebrating the 40th anniversary of Hayek’s Nobel Prize. Registration for the event is now closed (I suspect that the room must be full) but you can still watch online if you’d like here .
Here’s a description of the extravaganza:
Join us on October 2, 2014, from 2:00 to 3:30 p.m., to hear Dr. Israel Kirzner, Professor Emeritus of New York University, speak on Hayek, the Nobel Prize, and the Modern Austrian School of Economics. Then, from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m., we will have a roundtable discussion with Nobel Laureates Dr. Edmund Phelps of Columbia University, Dr. Eric Maskin of Harvard University, and Dr. Vernon Smith of Chapman University.
I will be there with a group of law professors who will be attending as part of a Workshop in Austrian Economics that the Law and Economics Center is sponsoring.

How to follow Hong Kongs Umbrella RevolutionOne of many(AP Photo/Wally Santana)
SHARE
Stefan Constantinescu
October 2, 2014
The situation in Hong Kong is escalating. Protestors have swarmed around two important government buildings . The first is chief executive CY Leung’s residence. The second is the Central Government Complex. Police have issued warnings and are standing by to keep the buildings secure. To help you follow the action as it unfolds, here’s a list of some of our favorite sources:
Live-blog: The Wall Street Journal’s China Realtime blog is posting articles and photos from the ground.
Live TV feed: The Hong Kong publication Apple Daily has installed a camera that’s live-streaming the protests .
Live TV feed with commentary: The BBC has a scrolling list of text updates, as well as live video from Hong Kong , including commentary from various officials and experts.
Twitter: The Occupy Central Twitter account ( @OCLPHK ) is not just tweeting every blow by blow detail of the movement, but also retweeting others who are doing the same thing. And we’ve compiled a short Twitter list of journalists and others following the protests.
Share this:

East coast elitism is still alive and well on Wall StreetThat's a lot of tuition for one small room.(Reuters/Brendan McDermid)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
September 29, 2014
Silicon Valley companies often claim to not care about whether job candidates hail from elite schools (they say it’s more about proximity and computer skills). As for US investment banks, the  time and money  they spend on elite school recruiting programs suggests otherwise, as do the hiring data.
A new report from Wall Street recruiting startup Vettery , which is building a database on finance recruits and professionals from a variety of sources (including the more than 100,000 finance job seekers it claims in its network), finds that over 65% of this year’s investment banking analyst class comes from just 30 schools.
Based on its data, American private schools on the east coast crowd the top for the class that started this summer:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Here’s the breakdown by school type of the 1,135 analysts coming from the top 30 institutions. Private and Ivy League schools overlap, but are broken out here to show the strata of elite schools:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Last year, the concentration of recruits from elite schools was even higher; the top 30 schools produced around 70% of new analysts tracked by Vettery. The roster of schools is roughly the same:
Share
Tap image to zoom
While undergraduates at American colleges are increasingly looking outside of finance for opportunities, many also feel that banking cultivates the skills and professional network needed to start a business or get even more elite jobs in fields like private equity, according to Vettery CFO Alex Orn, who leads the company’s recruiting data and analytics work.
Share this:

On security and strategic front India  US have very divergent approaches: Uday BhaskarOn security and strategic front India  US have very divergent approaches: Uday Bhaskar
AirAsia to Fly Hyderabad to Malaysia SoonAirAsia to Fly Hyderabad to Malaysia Soon
 IBM Keen on Participating in Smart Cities ProjectSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New York: US-based global technology giant IBM on Monday expressed keen interest in participating in India's newly-launched initiatives such as smart cities, as its CEO Virginia Rometty met Prime Minister Narendra Modi here.
With a global turnover of nearly $100 billion, IBM is a major player in India and employs a large workforce in the country.
Nearly one-third of its global workforce of over four lakh persons is in India, where its headcount exceeds even that in the US.
The meeting between PM Modi and Ms Rometty was part of a series of one-on-one meets the Prime Minister had here with top business leaders of the US on his last day in New York.
The Prime Minister is also likely to meet business leaders in Washington during the second leg of his five-day visit to the US.
During her meeting with Mr Modi, Ms Romnetty discussed "software for Smart Cities and Digital India initiatives", External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted.
Among other places, IBM has its facilities in 14 Indian cities, including Bangalore, Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad.
Other business leaders who had one-on-one meetings with the Prime Minister included KKR CEO Henry Kravis and CEOs of BlackRock, GE and Goldman Sachs.
Earlier on Monday, PM Modi also had a breakfast meeting with CEOs of 11 large American corporations.
These included PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt, Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill president and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, co-founder and co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 21:16 (IST)

Caught in the Act Videos of Police Can MisleadAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

The newest selfie gadget is a wearable droneGlass
September 29, 2014
Forget selfie sticks . The future is (almost) here, and it’s (probably) bringing a wearable drone that will snap your photos for you.
The drone clasps around the wearer’s wrist like a bracelet. When a photo op presents itself, the wearer would release the drone with a flick of the wrist. The drone would then fly up, take a picture, and return to the wearer, who would catch it and reattach it to the wrist.
The product, called Nixie,  is still in development . It’s one of 10 finalists in Intel’s “ make it wearable ” competition, which means the creators—led by Stanford physics researcher Christoph Kohstall—secured $50,000 and guidance from Intel to see it through. The competition’s winner will receive $500,000 in November.
Floris Ernst, a robotics scientist on the Nixie team, tells Quartz that the developers want the product to be intuitive, so the more power you put into the release, the farther it would go.
If the Nixie takes the top Intel prize, Ernst says, the product ideally would be released within the next year and retail for less than $1,000.
“We want to enable people to stay in the flow” and not interrupt what they’re doing when they want to capture a moment, Ernst says.
Share this:

Steel groups seek to woo back carmakersAluminium threatens steel’s dominance of the car industry
By Robert Wright in Calvert, Alabama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c671aac-4372-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TalkTalk and 3 call for sector reformTalkTalk and 3 call for sector reform
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4542a4de-47db-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black Money: Automatic information exchange to help India and Switzerland19
0
Kolkata: Automatic information exchange would help India and Switzerland to contain stashing of black money in Swiss banks, Ambassador of Switzerland to India and Bhutan Linus Von Castelmur said on Monday. "For the future, I think the solution will be expected on automatic information exchange so that each and every Swiss bank and each and every Indian bank accepting money from a national from the other state would have to report to the concerned state," he said at an interactive session.
"If full expansive information exchange, which is the standard, which will be developed, implemented by Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development and with India and Switzerland joining in ... I think in future the problem will be solved," he said at the programme organised by CII, Eastern Region.
"We still have international obligations due to many countries, including India. We also have our rule of law... What happened in the '70s, in the '80s, in the '90s it happened we have to find out," he added.
In August this year India had asked Switzerland to join the Early Adopter Group mandating an automatic exchange of information among the countries involved in the group.
#india #switzerland #swizz bank #black money
On the illegal money stashed in Swiss banks, Castelmur said: "It's obviously difficult to deal with the past. You can change the future but you never can change the past. Yes Switzerland had a banking secrecy law and it still exists. But we are in a procedure of changing it completely.
"India was almost a socialist country which was not extremely friendly to entrepreneurs... So yes there was some money in the '60s, the '70s, the '80s, the '90s which went to Switzerland account," he stated. On Switzerland cooperating with the Indian government in sharing tax-related informations the Swiss official said: "If the Indian tax authority, the finance ministry comes with request or a judicial official or administrative official requests to beat out information about an illegal stashing of money and seeks Swiss support it would get it."
"But they would have to do research on the role of the ED. They would have to work on that. What we cannot accept on our side if it is stolen data," he added. Castelmur said at the beginning information was not obtained by legal means but Switzerland has granted on many requests sent by Indian tax authorities.
"We can find some practical solutions not only for the future because that will be done, but also for the past and handle it very pragmatically." Castlemur also said he wondered why it was only the Swiss banks which were held responsible for stashing illegal money though several banks in the US, Singapore, Hong Kong were into the same practice.
"It's like a myth that money are stacked in Swiss banks. But why people are not asking about money stashed in Singapore, Hong Kong, in the US, in Virgin islands. Why are not people talking about the real estate in India. Probably my feeling it is in parts of Delhi's Vasant Vihar," he alleged.
In August this year India had asked Switzerland to join the Early Adopter Group mandating an automatic exchange of information among the countries involved in the group. A request was also been made to Switzerland for entering into a Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Information as per the new global standards to enhance further cooperation between India and Switzerland in tax matters, Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman had said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha in August.
6

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Speaks at UNSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Online symposium on animusBy Dale Carpenter September 29
According to the Supreme Court in United States v. Windsor, the Defense of Marriage Act violated equal protection because it reflected animus against married same-sex couples. Windsor was the latest installment in what I have called an animus  quadrilogy –four major decisions invalidating government action that go back four decades. It may be the sleeper issue in the upcoming marriage challenges at the Supreme Court.
But what is animus, why is it constitutionally problematic, how does the Court determine when it’s present, and what happens next?  This week Balkinization is hosting a symposium on the issue of unconstitutional animus . Participants include Susannah Pollvogt (Washburn), Neil Siegel (Duke), William Araiza (Brooklyn), Russell Robinson (Berkeley), Justin Marceau (Denver), and me.
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.

One day  doctors might prescribe viruses instead of antibioticsBy Rachel Feltman September 29 Follow @rachelfeltman
Bacillus anthracis bacterial colonies, showing a clear space where a bacteria-killing virus has been used. (CDC/ Megan Mathias and J. Todd Parker)
Viruses that kill bacteria -- otherwise known as bacteriphages -- are being investigated as an alternative to traditional antibiotics, The Scientist magazine reports . It may sound like swallowing a fly and then sending a spider in after it, but so-called phage therapy could actually save us from our growing dependence on increasingly useless antibiotics.
Antibiotics work by killing off the microbes that make us sick, but the organisms left behind after a course of treatment can breed further generations of increasingly resistant bacteria. Antibiotic resistance already causes at least 23,000 deaths a year in the United States alone, and just last week President Obama called on federal agencies to help fix the problem .
The issue is that developing new antibiotics isn't very cost effective -- if people only take them when they're really necessary, sales stay low, and if they're over-prescribed to increase profit, then bacteria are more likely to develop resistance to them.
For that same reason, phage therapy -- which was actually used as a treatment before antibiotics existed -- has been slow to come up in the world. But a shout-out from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases has phage therapy back in the hot seat.
Studies have examined the use of phage therapy in treating ear and lung infections (specifically those that are common in cystic fibrosis patients). Phages also show promise for treating the bacterial films that plague bone wounds and prosthetic infections.  In some parts of Europe, phage therapy never really fell out of style -- and now the doctors who support it may have an edge in treating their patients.
Phages, a group of researchers recently argued  in a Nature Outlook article, are an attractive alternative to the antibiotics prescribed today: The viruses are highly specific, so unlike antibiotics they could treat pathogens without killing off our helpful bacteria. It's also relatively simple to combat resistance by adding new viruses to the treatment cocktail as needed. And while some may cringe at the idea of infecting themselves with a virus when they're already sick, researchers are able to select viruses (or tweak existing ones) that won't activate an immune response.
Scientists still need to work on getting phage therapy approved for treatment of human illnesses in the United States. But in the agricultural industry, where the over-use of antibiotics in livestock has lead to the rise of dangerous organisms on farms and in slaughterhouses, phages are already being used.
It's not as if phage therapy can kick antibiotics to the curb overnight: Scientists still aren't clear on the mechanisms by which these viruses target their bacterial nemeses. And in some cases, viruses that are expert bacterial killers in the lab just don't work when they encounter the microbes inside of a sick cow. But as federal agencies knuckle down for a fight with dangerous bacteria, phage therapy will no doubt find a place in their tool kits.
 

Man steals car at cemetery  runs over gravestones and hits 10-year old girl  police sayBy Abby Phillip September 29 Follow @abbydphillip
Police in Bloomfield, Conn., arrested 18-year-old Frederick Sowell after he allegedly caused chaos in a cemetery by carjacking a vehicle, knocking down gravestones and hitting a young girl with the car.
Sowell allegedly attempted to steal the car of a woman visiting a grave at the Mount St. Benedict Cemetery at around 2:45 p.m. on Sunday. While the woman was at the grave site, she left a girl in the car, along with the keys.
Sowell jumped in the car and started it, at which point the young passenger opened the door and threw herself out, according to the Hartford Courant .
The car’s owner ran back to the vehicle and tried to stop Sowell by reaching through the passenger window, but he pushed her away and sped off.
#Hartford area man steals mourner’s vehicle in cemetery – hits 10yo girl & damages gravestones. http://t.co/seCYF0QU2E pic.twitter.com/mEAdUyhJru
— Kevin G TV (@KallMeKG) September 29, 2014
“Sowell then drove erratically at a high rate of speed through the cemetery, driving over the lawn area and numerous grave markers to the part of the cemetery,” Bloomfield police captain Stephen Hajdasz told the Courant. He added: “While driving off the roadway, he headed towards a group of people who were visiting a grave site, causing the group to scatter in order to avoid being struck by the vehicle.”
When Sowell reached the other group, one 10-year-old girl couldn’t move out of the way fast enough and was hit — though not seriously injured — by the car.
The group managed to chase Sowell down in their vehicles and stopped him at the cemetery exit, according to CBS affiliate WSFB . The group held him there until police arrived.
Sowell has been charged with carjacking, second-degree robbery, second-degree larceny, first-degree reckless endangerment and second-degree breach of peace, according to the Courant; he is being held on $250,000 bail.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

May a private employer threaten to fire employees for running for political officeBy Eugene Volokh September 29 Follow @volokhc
The Orlando Sentinel reports that Marriott Vacations Worldwide fired an employee, Viviana Janer, because she refused to give up her campaign for County Commissioner (essentially the equivalent of a city council or a board of supervisors for Florida counties). The company offers this explanation :
But the company justified the firing, saying that Janer’s candidacy opened the company up to possible conflicts of interest, and that Janer hadn’t notified her employer of her intention to run.
Marriott Vacations Worldwide spokesman Ed Kinney said the company currently does not have any properties in Osceola, but competitors do, posing potential conflicts.
Janer had also not told the company up front that she was running for office, and the company learned of this only from news accounts; this might have exacerbated their concerns. But is such a firing legal?
1. There’s no constitutional barrier (e.g., under the First Amendment) to a private employer’s barring employees from running for office, or firing them if they do. The First Amendment constrains only government action, not private action.
2. There’s also no general common-law rule barring such private employer action. The general American rule is “employment at will,” which means that either the employer or employee can terminate the work relationship for good reason, bad reason, or no reason at all, unless there’s a statutory prohibition (e.g., an antidiscrimination statute) or a contractual promise of continued employment. Some courts have recognized some exception for this under the rubric of “wrongful termination in violation of public policy,” for instance if an employee is fired for refusing to do something illegal. But the one case that has considered a similar theory limiting firing of employees who run for office ( Shovelin v. Central N.M. Elec. Co-op. (N.M. 1993) ) has rejected the theory; and the general trend among lower courts is indeed to reject such theories.
Indeed, there are quite plausible reasons for employers to restrict their employees from running for office. First, rightly or wrongly, what an employee does in a public context — even off the job — ends up affecting public reaction to the employer. An employee who is running for office will often make enemies, such as the employee’s opponent (who may be elected and hold a grudge while in office), other political figures, or voters who dislike what the employee says on controversial issues. (The issues could be divisive social issues such as whether to enact a county-wide ban on sexual orientation discrimination, how to treat zoning disputes involving local abortion clinics, or whether to institute race-based affirmative action in county hiring. Or they could be equally divisive local issues, such as questions about controversial developments, local property taxes, and so on.)
In some situations, those enemies might take it out on the employer; we’ve certainly seen plenty of incidents when controversial off-the-job statements by an employee have led to a backlash against the employer. And this would be even more so if the employee is elected, and doesn’t just say things, but casts controversial votes in commission proceedings. If an employer is indeed barred by law from retaliating against employees for their candidacy, for the political statements they make during their candidacy or tenure in office, or for the votes they cast while in office, that might diminish the public backlash, since the employer can tell the public that it can’t control its employees’ actions in these contexts. But some people won’t get the message, and even some that do might still be soured on the employer as a result of the employee’s actions.
Second, if the employee is elected, the employee’s official actions can lead to other backlash against the employer. If, for instance, the employee votes for something that is good for the employer (or bad for the employer’s competitors), there might be accusations that the employee was bribed to do this by implicit employer offers of promotion or other favorable on-the-job treatment; or there might be accusations that the employee was forced to do this by implicit employer threats of firing or other retaliation. And accusations that an employer is trying to influence specific votes would be even more damaging — perhaps to the point of a criminal investigation — than accusations that an employer is just trying to bar an employee from running for office altogether. The government office’s recusal rules might diminish this problem, but they won’t eliminate it.
Third, if the employee is elected, this could make it harder for the employer to discipline the employee, for instance if a manager would be affected in his private life by some issue pending before the commission (e.g., some zoning or development question) and is worried about irritating the now-politically-powerful subordinate. And of course even a part-time post as a commissioner can sometimes keep the employee from being available during normal working hours.
Naturally, many employers might nonetheless find that having an employee in political office is nonetheless good for their business, or neutral. And one can argue that there are public benefits to increasing the pool of prospective officeholders, notwithstanding the burden that the officeholding might impose on their employers. But it does seem to me that many employers might reasonably conclude that having employees run for office poses too much risk of harming the company, and causing the employee to be a net liability for the company rather than a net asset. And that’s one reason (together with the general presumption of employment at will) in favor of courts’ not creating a common-law rule barring employers from dismissing employees who run for office.
3. But all that having been said, 17 states have indeed concluded — by statute — that employers indeed may not bar employees from running for office (or fire them for doing so). Many of the statutes expressly mention running for office; others speak more broadly of “political activity,” which would including running for office. The states that have such laws (or other laws that have this effect), as best I can tell, are California, Colorado, Connecticut, Hawaii, Indiana, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, West Virginia, and Wyoming. To give some examples,
California Labor Code § 1101: No employer shall make, adopt, or enforce any rule, regulation, or policy … [f]orbidding or preventing employees from engaging or participating in politics or from becoming candidates for public office….
California Labor Code § 1102: No employer shall coerce or influence or attempt to coerce or influence his employees through or by means of threat of discharge
or loss of employment to adopt or follow or refrain from adopting or following any particular course or line of political action or political activity.
Louisiana Revised Statutes § 23:961: Louisiana: Except as otherwise provided in R.S. 23:962, no employer having regularly in his employ twenty or more
employees shall … make, adopt, or enforce any rule, regulation, or policy forbidding or preventing any of his employees from engaging or participating in politics, or from becoming a candidate for public office … [or] adopt or enforce any rule, regulation, or policy which will control, direct, or tend to control or direct the political activities … of his employees ….
New York Labor Law § 201-d: [No employer may discriminate against an employee or prospective employee because of] an individual’s [legal] political activities [including running for public office] outside of working hours, off of the employer’s premises and without use of the employer’s equipment or other property [except when the employee is a professional journalist, or a government employee who is partly funded with federal money and thus covered by federal statutory
bans on politicking by government employees] …. [This section shall not be deemed to protect activity which] creates a material conflict of interest related to the
employer’s trade secrets, proprietary information or other proprietary or business interest.
For a (rare) example in which one of these statutes comes up, see Davis v. Louisiana Computing Corp. (La. Ct. App. 1981) :
A corporate employer and its president and secretary-treasurer appeal from a judgment awarding $24,000 to a former employee as damages from being fired because he became a candidate for political office….
The corporation derived a substantial part (about 60%) of its business from Jefferson Parish and its school board and other governmental agencies. A substantial part of this business was negotiated rather than publicly bid. The corporation and its officers understandably did not wish to alienate the public officials with whom they dealt. When plaintiff became a candidate for Kenner city council, opposing a candidate supported by some Jefferson Parish officials, corporate secretary-treasurer Westerlund told plaintiff that the corporation would benefit if plaintiff withdrew his candidacy, and corporate president Harding thereafter fired plaintiff, who did not withdraw….
We note the “business” justification for firing plaintiff in this case is a real one: plaintiff’s candidacy would antagonize persons who could withdraw business from plaintiff’s employer. In that sense, plaintiff by his candidacy made himself a detriment to his employer and was “disloyal” to his employer. But the policy of the statute is unmistakable: the employer may not control political candidacy of his employees. We see no exemption from the legislative purpose because of the nature of the employer’s business.
Defendants argue that in any case firing an employee for being a political candidate is not proscribed by R.S. 23:961: that the statute only proscribes “any rule, regulation or policy” tending to control an employee’s political activity, or “threats” of firing. The record, however, supports the view that defendants did develop a proscribed policy as a result of plaintiff’s candidacy, and that plaintiff was threatened. Moreover, the actual firing of one employee for political activity constitutes for the remaining employees both a policy and a threat of similar firings.
So while the majority rule is that there is no legal bar on employers restricting their employees’ political candidacy, a substantial minority do impose such a bar. (Compare this BusinessWeek story , which I think seems to understate the degree to which there is such a substantial minority rule.)
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Maruti veteran Mayank Pareek shifts to Tata MotorsMaruti veteran Mayank Pareek shifts to Tata Motors
American corporates keen on India opportunitiesAmerican corporates keen on India opportunities
ACE Software Exports: Outcome of board meetingACE Software Exports: Outcome of board meeting
US congratulates Ghani  Abdullah Abdullah on assumption of officeUS congratulates Ghani  Abdullah Abdullah on assumption of office
Satya Miners Transporters: Outcome of board meetingSatya Miners Transporters: Outcome of board meeting
PM Modi meets top US CEOs  lists priority areasPM Modi meets top US CEOs  lists priority areas
Sharda Cropchem lists at 70%Save this video
Copy URL
Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company, had a blockbuster debut. The company listed at Rs 265, up 70 per cent, against its issue price of Rs 156 per share.
18

See vast opportunity in e-commerceSave this video
Copy URL
Telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that there is a vast opportunity in e-commerce sector. He also urged the Indian companies to take a plunge in e-commerce in a big way.
31

JP Associates  JP Power stocks soar up to 13% on deal with JSW EnergyUpdated: September 26, 2014 11:43 IST
JP Associates, JP Power stocks soar up to 13% on deal with JSW Energy
PTI
stock activity
Shares of Jaiprakash Power Ventures and Jaiprakash Associates on Friday soared by as much as 13 per cent in morning trade after the Jaypee Group inked a binding pact with Sajjan Jindal-led JSW Energy for selling three projects. Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd shares zoomed 12.76 per cent to Rs. 13.25 on the BSE.
Similarly, scrips of Jaiprakash Associates surged 12 per cent to Rs. 28.85. In its third attempt to strike a deal for its power assets, Jaypee Group on Thursday inked a binding pact with Sajjan Jindal-led JSW Energy for selling three projects, including two hydel plants.
The announcement came after Jaiprakash Power’s proposed sale of three hydro projects to Reliance Power had earlier fallen through. “JSW Energy Limited (JSW) and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited (JPVL), announced the signing of binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), for the 100 per cent acquisition by JSW of three operational plants of JPVL,” the companies had said in similarly-worded statements.
The financial details of the deal, were, however, not disclosed. These plants are 300 MW Baspa-II Hydro Electric Plant, 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric Plant and 500 MW Bina Thermal Power Plant, it added.

Sensex falls 102 points on capital outflows  global cuesUpdated: September 26, 2014 10:14 IST
Sensex falls 102 points on capital outflows, global cues
PTI
The Hindu The 30-share barometer, which had lost 738.38 points in the previous three sessions, fell by 102.96 points, or 0.38 per cent, to trade at one-month low of 26,365.40. File photo
TOPICS
market and exchange
Falling for the fourth straight session, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by another 102 points in early trade on Friday on persistent capital outflows amidst a weak global trend.
The 30-share barometer, which had lost 738.38 points in the previous three sessions, fell by 102.96 points, or 0.38 per cent, to trade at one-month low of 26,365.40.
All the sectoral indices, led by consumer durables, FMCG, healthcare, banking and capital goods, were trading in negative territory with losses about up to 0.99 per cent.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty fell by 27.00 points, or 0.34 per cent, to 7,884.85.
Brokers said sentiments have been affected ever since the Supreme Court announced its verdict on coal block allocations on Wednesday, coupled with the government’s decision to defer hike in gas price.
A subdued trend at other Asian markets in line with overnight sell-offs on the U.S. market also triggered selling by funds, they added.
Besides, weakening rupee that depreciated by another 15 paise against the dollar to trade at fresh seven-week low of 61.49 in early trade today had a negative impact, brokers said.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei was down 0.98 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.23 per cent in early trade.
The U.S. Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 1.54 per cent down in yesterday’s trade. PTI SUN DP MKJ 09260954

Only a handful of spooksUpdated: September 26, 2014 19:53 IST
Only a handful of spooks
SWATI DAFTUAR
AP And then there were those friends who never objected to burrowing under blankets while the screen flashed with ghouls and monsters.
TOPICS
books and literature
We love watching horror films and exchange personal experiences of terror easily, but on the bookshelf, the pickings are slim
My fourth round of book-stores, and I’ve found nothing new. Half-empty shelves with old anthologies in new covers, a couple of new names I’ve already tried and tested, and another handful with blurbs that do scare me, but in an entirely different way. I beat a retreat, already mentally scanning new movie titles instead. An unavoidable option, since back on the bookracks, the pickings are slim to none. Honestly, I don’t understand why.
We do like being scared, don’t we? The last time I checked, exchanging ghost stories in a darkened room was one of the preferred means to pass the hour during load-shedding, and on bored afternoons, at least one cousin would suggest a round of planchette. Every family had one solemn it-happened-to-me story, usually starring great grandparents to reduce the chances of cross checking the facts. And then there were those friends who never objected to burrowing under blankets while the screen flashed with ghouls and monsters.
So, when I scan bookshelves, online and offline, and find that I can count the number of new Indian horror fiction titles in English on my fingers, it is baffling. Tucked between an endless list of Stephen Kings and Anne Rice and R.L. Stines, I find odd names here or there, high on ratings and reviews, but dishearteningly low on company.
As someone who enjoys horror, I go through these motions every once in a while, and a few months ago, it had yielded results. Kankana Basu’s Lamplight was a lucky discovery, full of eerie old-world charm, glowing with a sort of sepia tinted energy. Set in Bihar’s Monghyr, and telling tales of an aristocratic Bengali family from way back in 1934, it can’t help charm the chills out of anyone looking for a good scare. So this time around, when I find no new book to give this one a little competition, it is, for lack of a less pun-ny word, frightening.
Despite the general idea that horror is a popular genre, it would seem that in reality, it fails to garner readers. Based on the shelf space and number of new spines in the market, it’s in fact possible to say that horror seems to have only a niche readership. Arnab Ray, who published his psychological horror novel The Mine, feels that the Indian reader would rather not read something that’s too separate from the reality, and too unpalatable. “Normally Indian readership wants familiar things. They want campus romances, they like stories about friends and girlfriends. Stories that are close to real life encounters. By definition, horror doesn’t make the cut.”
Or perhaps, it would be fair to say that only a type of horror sells. Once upon a time, werewolves and vampires crowding the shelves could give a boost to the popularity of the genre. Today, too busy falling in love and experiencing the kind of teenage angst more suitable in another section, these supernaturals don’t quite make it as horror. Arnab says that today, “horror of a particular type sells.” Drawing a comparison with Bollywood, he cites the kind of movies being made today. “The horror today has to come with some standard trappings.” Even these trappings, though, do not guarantee publishing or readership.
Browsing the forthcoming titles of publishing houses proves the lack of books in this genre, and some have done away with the separate section for it altogether. Perhaps the deficiency can be explained not just by the reluctance of publishers and readers, but also of writers. “Why do you write a book? It’s because you read that kind of book. And in India, very few people read horror,” says Arnab.
We have never been a country with our own Stephen King. No killer cars and telekinetic powers for us. We do have brilliant offerings from the likes of Satyajit Ray and Ruskin Bond, but Arnab feels that it would be untrue to call either of them horror writers. “Satyajit Ray did write horror, but by then he was already an established name. Horror was a small part of what he wrote. The same applies to Ruskin Bond. Nobody can say that they were writers who just wrote horror.”
This is, of course, very true. Even today, Ray’s name summons for most of his fans images of Pather Panchali or Feluda. Very rarely do Fritz or Khagam make an appearance. And while Bond himself has quite often expressed his intense love for writing and reading horror, he is primarily famous for his other, more widely read stories.
There is, both fortunately and unfortunately, so much untapped material in the country, just waiting to be crafted into frightening, dread inducing stories. And it’s strange that while it’s easy to find a neighbour or a friend who will tell you his personal tale of terror with noticeable glee and enthusiasm, the written word finds few takers. Perhaps we are only waiting for quality, and the current penchant for badly made up monsters and hammy dialogues has both influenced and ruined our palate.
Perhaps, if we did find our own Stephen King, we would find his fans too.

Ness Software expands Slovakia operationsUpdated: September 29, 2014 12:49 IST
Ness Software expands Slovakia operations
k.t. jagannathan
telecommunication service
Ness Software Engineering Services (SES), a product engineering services and solutions provider, has expanded its Central European operations. It has set up a larger software development laboratory in Kosice, Slovakia.
Ness, a privately held company with 6,500 employees, has been in Kosice for a over a decade now, and is now the largest software engineering services employer in the city. The new centre will accommodate over 300 engineers working on projects for a wide range of clients including, says a release from the company
"Kosice is Slovakia’s second largest city after the capital Bratislava, and has three universities. Slovakia’s membership in the EU also provides critical economic and political stability for locating a key part of the company’s global development facilities," the release added.
The expansion in Slovakia is part of our global investment programme in world-class technical talent, tooling and facilities in Europe, Israel, the U.S. and India,” the release quoted Paul Lombardo, CEO, Ness SES, as saying.
Ness has been in India for around 12 years now. It has close to 3,000 employees working from technology innovation centres in Mumbai, Hyderabad and Bangalore.

Balfour Beatty in fifth profit warningBalfour Beatty warns on profits for fifth time
By Gill Plimmer, Claer Barrett and David Oakley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fdcc0c4-479f-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lenovo buys part of IBM server business for $2.3 bnUpdated: January 23, 2014 20:52 IST
Lenovo buys part of IBM server business for $2.3 bn
AP
economy, business and finance
The Lenovo Group of China is buying IBM’s server business for $2.3 billion, expanding a product line-up dominated by PCs, tablets and smartphones.
Lenovo, the world’s biggest personal computer maker, said on Thursday it expected to offer jobs to 7,500 IBM employees as part of its acquisition of the x86 server business. The acquisition would accelerate Lenovo’s moves to expand beyond its traditional PC business, said Peter Hortensius, a senior Vice-President.
“We see a transformation coming for our company from just being a PC company to being a mobile device, PC and enterprise server company,” said Mr. Hortensius in a phone interview. “This provides another strong leg for that strategy.”
Lenovo has its own server business but Mr. Hortensius said it was less than one-fifth the size of the IBM Corp. unit. He said the acquisition would move Lenovo ahead five years in its plan to expand in servers, raising its global ranking among suppliers from No. 6 to No. 3 and increasing its share of global server sales from 2 per cent to 14 per cent.
Lenovo passed rival Hewlett Packard Co. as the No. 1 PC maker in the third quarter of last year, a triumph that was tempered by eroding demand. The company has said it expects mobile devices to become the bulk of its business in coming years.
Lenovo, based in Beijing and in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, has collaborated with IBM for a number of years. The Chinese company acquired IBM’s PC unit in 2005 and has since expanded into wireless products including smartphones and tablets.
IBM, based in Armonk, New York, will continue to develop Windows and Linux software for the x86 platform, and will provide service to customers for an extended period after the acquisition, Lenovo said.
The server businesses should be relatively easy to integrate because they have little overlap outside China, said Mr. Hortensius. He said potential customers ranged from offices to server farms for mobile devices.
“This becomes a deal we can quickly gain advantage from, rather than dealing with integration issues,” he said. “There is a lot of scale, capability and know-how that we can bring to bear to work with the team from IBM. All of them are experts in their field.”
The two companies also plan to enter into a strategic relationship. It will include a reseller agreement for IBM’s Storwize disk storage systems, tape storage systems and certain cloud, file system, platform computing and system software products.
The acquisition announced on Thursday covers IBM’s System x, BladeCenter and Flex System blade servers and switches, x86-based Flex integrated systems, NeXtScale and iDataPlex servers and associated software, blade networking and maintenance operations, Lenovo said.
It said about $2 billion of the purchase price will be paid in cash, the rest in Lenovo stock.
IBM will retain its System z mainframes, Power Systems, Storage Systems, Power-based Flex servers, and PureApplication and PureData appliances.

Google to sell Motorola smartphone business to Lenovo for $2.9 bnSAN FRANCISCO, January 30, 2014
Updated: January 30, 2014 19:11 IST
Google to sell Motorola smartphone business to Lenovo for $2.9 bn
AP
Tweet
AP In this file photo, Eric Schmidt, Google's chairman, speaks during a press conference in New York, where Motorola introduced three new smartphones, the first since it became a a part of Google. Google said on Wednesday that it is selling Motorola's smartphone business to Lenovo for $2.9 billion, a price that makes Google's biggest acquisition look like its most expensive mistake.
AP A Motorola Mobility Xoom tablet is shown at Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. File photo
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Motorola has lost nearly $2 billion since Google took over, while trimming its workforce from 20,000 to 3,800.
Google is selling Motorola’s smartphone business to Lenovo for $2.9 billion, a price that makes Google’s biggest acquisition look like its most expensive mistake.
The deal announced on Wednesday will rid Google Inc. of a financial headache that has plagued the Internet company since buying Motorola Mobility for $12.4 billion in 2012. Motorola has lost nearly $2 billion since Google took over, while trimming its workforce from 20,000 to 3,800.
Google had previously recovered some of the money that it spent on Motorola by selling the company’s set-top operations last year to Arris Group Inc. for $2.35 billion. Google is also keeping most of the patents that came with the Motorola purchase.
It’s unclear if Google will have to absorb a charge to account for the difference between what it paid for Motorola Mobility and what it is getting back. The Mountain View, California, company may address the issue on Thursday when it announces its fourth-quarter earnings after the market closes.
Most investors viewed Motorola as an unnecessary drain on Google’s profit, a perspective that was reflected by Wall Street’s reaction to the sale. Google’s stock gained $28.08, or 2.5 percent, to $1,135 in extended trading.
While Google is backpedalling, Lenovo Group Ltd. is gearing up for a major expansion. Already the world’s largest maker of personal computers, Lenovo now appears determined to become a bigger player in smartphones as more people rely on them instead of laptop and desktop computers to go online.
Lenovo already is among the smartphone leaders in its home country of China, but it has been looking for ways to expand its presence in other markets, especially the U.S. and Latin America. The company had been rumoured to be among the prospective buyers for BlackBerry Ltd. when that troubled smartphone maker was mulling a sale last year.
This marks Lenovo’s second high-profile deal this month. The company announced plans last week to buy a major piece of IBM Corp.’s computer server business for $2.3 billion.
Buying Motorola will enable Lenovo to join Apple Inc. as the only major technology companies with global product lines in PCs, smartphones and tablets, putting Lenovo in a better position to become a one-stop shop for companies to buy all their devices from the same vendor, said Forrester Research analyst Frank Gillett.
“This makes Lenovo a company to watch,” Mr. Gillett said in an email. “The personal device manufacturer business is consolidating and manufacturers must compete in all three device markets, plus emerging wearable categories, or get left out of the next market shift.”
After it takes over, Lenovo plans to retain a Motorola management team led by Dennis Woodside. Google had reassigned Mr. Woodside, one of its top executives, to run Motorola Mobility in hopes he could engineer a turnaround. Under Mr. Woodside, Motorola released two new smartphones last year, the Moto X and Moto G. The phones attracted lots of headlines, but didn’t sell as well as anticipated, analysts say.
Lenovo executives also said they aren’t planning to lay off any more Motorola employees and that the subsidiary would remain based in its current headquarters in Libertyville, Illinois.
“We buy this business, we buy this team as our treasure,” Lenovo CEO Yang Yuanqing said during a Wednesday conference call.
Google is retaining most of Motorola’s portfolio of mobile patents, providing the company with legal protection for its widely used Android software for smartphones and tablet computers. Gaining control of Motorola’s patents was the main reason Google CEO Larry Page decided to pay so much for Motorola Mobility at a time the smartphone maker was already losing money and market share.
Most analysts thought Mr. Page had paid too much money for Motorola and questioned why Google wanted to own a smartphone maker at the risk of alienating other mobile device makers that rely on Android.
Selling Motorola’s smartphone operations will “enable Google to devote our energy to driving innovation across the Android ecosystem,” Mr. Page said in a statement.
Lenovo is picking up about 2,000 Motorola patents in addition to the phone manufacturing operations.

Narendra Modi woos top US executives with promise of being open-mindedComments
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs at a breakfast meeting with top US executives on Monday, saying the country was open-minded and ready for change.
Modi’s message to industry bigwigs in New York comes in the midst of his promises to make his country more attractive for doing business.
Addressing top executives, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, the PM spoke on the recent Supreme Court order cancelling more than 200 coal block allocations due to illegalities, a move that has added to an environment of policy uncertainty in India after the earlier scrapping of 2G telecom spectrums.
“(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgement on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward & clean up the past,” Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs tweeted, quoting the Prime Minister as saying.
Modi also discussed steps that can be taken to enhance India's business environment.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," another of Akbaruddin’s tweets, quoting the Prime Minister, said."
Read: Narendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
The country had also failed to pass key economic reform laws in the last few years of the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance government, a problem Modi promised to tackle after coming to power in an absolute majority.
"Infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs & enhances quality of life of our citizens," Modi told the CEOs.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Read: Modi moves to resurrect India lobby
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.

India Post suited to be payment bank: OfficialIndia Post suited to be payment bank: Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 09.06PM IST
Tags:
India Post
("By making them (postal…)
MUMBAI: Lack of credit disbursing experience makes the postal department with its vast network of offices around the country better suited to be run as a payment bank and not as a full-fledged universal bank, a top Finance Ministry official said here today.
"The Department of Posts may be considered as a payment bank and they are working towards that. The problem with post offices is that they handle only one-side of banking, that is, the deposit side; but they don't handle the credit side," Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu said at an event here.
"So by making them (postal department) a payment bank, they will be able to work in that area they are best at. That may happen soon," Sandhu said.
The Department of Posts with its network of more than 1.35 lakh post offices across the country had made concerted attempts to enter the banking sector by applying for a universal licence.
While allotting licences in April this year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left it to the government to decide the fate of the Department of Posts' application.
The Department of Posts has been collecting deposits, offering fixed as well as recurring deposits accounts to people for a long time now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Khadi products to get NIFT edgeUpdated: September 29, 2014 22:33 IST
Khadi products to get NIFT edge
Nagesh Prabhu
Karnataka
KVIB to tie up with institute to design and brand products
Brighter days are ahead for thousands of families dependent on production and sale of khadi products in the State. This is thanks to the Karnataka Khadi and Village Industries Board (KVIB) deciding to tie up with the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Bangalore, for designing and branding products.
NIFT, a Union government enterprise, will offer training to 40 tailors and 400 craftsmen to master the art of contemporary design of khadi clothes, products and packaging.
Tailors associated with various Khadi Bhandars would be given training, accommodation and a stipend. A sum of Rs. 2 crore would be paid to NIFT during the three-year contract period. Training would be given batch-wise on NIFT campuses.
After the training, the tailors will be designated as master tailors.
H.V. Raghuram, Chief Executive Officer of KVIB, told The Hindu that at present there is no uniformity in the measurement of khadi shirts and other wares. “Things have changed now. More attention will be given to design outfits that look elegant and match designs of international brands.”
Before embarking on the training, NIFT will conduct a study on quality and type of products manufactured by each khadi society in the State. Societies manufacture khadi products such as skirts, kurta-pyjamas, jackets, chudidars, tops, chappals and shoes.
Wide network
They are available in over 120 showrooms across the State. Mr. Raghuram said products are dyed with the finest organic colours and woven to a soft and smooth finish, giving it a contemporary feel, a wrinkle-free look and comfort. “Designs are to be innovative and trendy to attract the cosmopolitan middle class, which perhaps may not know much about its historical relevance, but wears it as a beautiful fabric,” he said.
The fabric still remains a means of livelihood with dignity for many, particularly in the rural areas.
Incomes of nearly 20,000 families are linked to production of khadi yarn and other products in the State, he said. Taking note of the present outdated designs, the official said the KVIB have been asking societies to adopt modern technologies to design clothes according to the changing times.
The KVIB, which has an annual turnover of about Rs. 80 crore, has plans to revamp its business operations by promoting online sales of khadi and handicrafts as well, he said.

